Baby with snacks box in left upper box.
baby in the first picture.
Glass top table with a blue and a white candle holder.
A glass table nobody is sitting at.
The leftmost giraffe.
A juvenile giraffe walking behind an adult giraffe on a savannah.
a boat at the end of a dock.
A couple of boats tied to the end of a pier.
Black motorcycle parked next to the blue motorcycle.
a cat on sofa.
An orange cat on a couch.
white swan standing next to two grey geese.
A white swan in the grass facing east.
BLACK CAR PARKING IN THE MIDDLE OF OTHER CARS.
The black car in the middle.
zebra in the right side of the image.
The zebra grazing on the extreme right hand side.
A boy with blue color cap he is blurred.
person in black sweater blue hat.
An almost empty wine glass with a bit of red wine left inside.
The purple colour wine in glass.
An orange sitting next to a bottle.
An orange next to a bottle of cough medicine.
A white and brown cow standing slightly behind a fence.
a cow eating grass.
The man at the end of the group next to the police man without goggles.
man on 536ADF.
Small cow in background.
The smaller animal with the smallest horns.
The blue letters on a colorful child's blanket on the bottom bunk.
the person and their blanket on the bottom bunk.
A small cat sitting on a windowsill.
A cat sitting near the window.
a piece of chicken directly above the perfect square of yellow pepper.
A park bench.
A bench.
A young boy in a blue shirt flying a kite.
The child in the forefront of the photo wearing a blue top and blue jeans.
The woman ina red jacket.
a drawing on a woman in red outfit on a Samsonite advertisement.
A man wearing a white cap and black shorts.
a man with a white shirt talking to a boy.
A knife to which a fork is also kept together.
This is a knife under a fork.
Boat which man is in.
A boat with a orange shirt man in it.
A woman in red and white plays tennis.
A GIRL WITH RED DRESS PLAYING TENNIS.
The cow that is in the middle on the pasture.
cow facing the camera.
The left portion of a sandwich.
Half of a sandwich with beef and lettuce inside.
A gray purse being held by a Caucasian woman.
grey leather bag.
A black color chair with steel hands.
a steel chair.
A white armchair directly in front of a panel of stained glass.
A white arm chair nearest to a peacock stained glass.
A child on skies wearing a pink hat.
A small child on skis wearing a pink hat.
A person standing along side a fruit market.
person in front of fruit stand.
A cart loading luggage onto the plane.
The metal luggage remover, with ramp,  next to the front of the plane.
An elephant that is behind the calf elephant.
elephant furthest to right.
A blue and white bike.
A blue bicycle.
A white keyboard connected to the Xbox.
A white and silver keyboard.
A black sheep lying down looking at the camera.
An animal laying on the ground directly facing forward.
Plant that is to the right of the middle plant.
A candle holder that is sitting to the right of another candle holder.
the piece on the right.
sheep grazing alone.
A spiral bound notebook of grid paper with notes written on it.
A notebook containing graph paper.
A woman wearing glasses.
A girl with glasses.
The ass of a zebra.
Smaller of two computer monitors.
A small computer screen.
A yellow, white, and blue bed close to us.
A bed with a white and blue cover next to a bed with a blue cover.
A young girl wearing a light blue sweater and a zebra print headband.
A woman in a blue shirt and zebra-stripped headband.
Kite, to the right of two other kites in picture that man is holding.
The right side of an art piece is diamond in shape eith red and orange in the center.
White cup on tray with eggs.
A white coffee cup next to a plate of scrambled eggs and toast.
A red suitcase which is bigger than the other two cases on its left.
A large suitcase sitting on the grass next to another suitcase.
A man in a white sweater holding a cell phone.
A man and a boy show off their cellphone apps.
a motorcycle.
Black motorcycle.
a face of a woman and a child.
The non sleeping person.
Ties that a man holds in his left hand.
the front half of a pair of skis on a downhill skier.
Front portion of the skier's skis.
the 2nd pug from the left in the right hand picture.
the brown dog in the middle.
a giraffe walking in front of another giraffe.
left most giraffe.
Sofa below the mirror that is between table with flowers and tan arm chair.
Three seat sofa in front of woman jumping.
a skier in a yellow jacket.
A skier in yellow, blue, orange, and pink clothing.
A blonde man petting sheep.
a man touching ghot.
Elephant sitting on a stool with it's trunk pointed forward.
an elephant sitting on a stool in the foreground of the picture.
GIRAFFE WITH HEAD UP.
Giraffe standing up looking left.
a male baby driving a car.
boy driving toy car.
Light tan teddy bear to the right of a darker bear.
White teddy bear with black eyes.
a man standing and wearing spectacles.
man in grey shirt swinging game controller in hand.
A man with glasses smiling.
A man with glasses is wearing a blue suit.
An almost empty water glass with a slice of lemon floating.
A glass a little less than half filled with liquid, a lemon and a straw.
A green trailer parked on the side of street.
the green trailer.
brown color couch in the image.
couch on which the lady is sitting.
White stove with a black kettle on it.
White stove top with kettle on top and burners.
couch nearest the camera.
A covered couch that is close to a wood and glass coffee table.
the chair the woman is sitting on.
The chair the lady is sitting in.
A TALL MAN WEARING BLUE AND WHITE JACKET WITH RIGHT HAND ON HIP.
the man in blue jacket on the left.
The giraffes with it's head out of the shot.
The closest giraffe whose head is not visible.
A bunch of carrots.
Multiple carrots in a collage of fruits and vegetables.
Woman wearing blue visor posed with tennis racket to hit the ball.
A purple chair that a boy is sitting on.
a pink chair on the right side of a round table.
woman on horse with scarf on.
A man dressed in suit, boots and bowler hat holding a crop astride a horse.
The piece of sandwich that is to the left of two other sandwich pieces.
the left most piece of sanwhich.
A white and pink toothbrush.
pink toothbrush left side.
Person in blue shirt.
A person in a blue top operating a mouse on a laptop computer.
A laptop with no person typing on it.
Laptop to left of other laptop.
The burgundy and white motorcycle.
Motorcycle parked on the sidewalk.
A person wearing a beanie .
Women in brown coat waiting for train.
Small boat painted with multi-colored stripes and a religious image and the name of St Antony.
A boat with the words St Antony painted on it.
A slice of bread topped with egg.
The slice of toast with the egg on top.
flat screen computer monitor or TV screen with the news on.
Television turned on the news channel.
A women wearing a blue jeans.
A kid with brown color shirt is playing with other kid.
The tan and white bed on the left.
The bed on the left, in the background.
A soccer player wearing a shirt with the number two on it.
The player in orange with the number 2 on her jersey.
A man wearing a wetsuit.
man that is holding blue surfboard.
The corner of a dark stained desk and chair.
Man with a black bag standing in the snow holding a green bag.
A man is standing in the snow carrying a backpack.
The back of the booth to the left of the vase.
pillos behind the antiqus.
A long train with a yellow engine in front.
A train with a yellow engine is on the tracks.
The biggest kite in the sky.
A large red and white parachute drifting near a smaller blue parachute above a man on a beach.
the bed of a red pick up truck.
maroon pick up with a black bed liner and a black santa in the bed.
A boy sitting next to the giraffes.
A boy is happy to see animal.
Mature Indian elephant beside a younger one in a zoo.
The table closest to the camera.
table that the woman in red is using.
woman wearing blue pants and blue shirt holds blue suitcase and a green bag.
A woman dressed in blue is standing with a blue suitcase.
A male kneels down while another kneels behind him.
A person with white t-shirt trying to get the disk.
The drink with the straw in it.
A skateboard.
The skate board is on the road.
the right most bench in front of water and a boat.
An Asian chef cooking food.
Chef standing in front of a stove.
Green broccoli next to other assorted foods.
It is the broccoli next to the beans and the slider with a tomato and a slice of the cheese on it.
A woman carrying a red bag petting a sheep.
This is a woman in a blue shirt who is petting a sheep.
The wooden kitchen island.
The wooden island.
the boat with the dog on it.
boat with two blue stripes, dog standing on top of it.
The snowboard the boy in the green hat is riding.
A red snowboard is holding a young boy on a small hill.
man throwing baseball.
Baseball player wearing white uniform and a cap throwing ball and holding gloves on his left hand.
A motorcycle with a silver helmet on the seat.
a motorcycle half off the picture.
The chair not being used.
The light brown chair with no one sitting in it.
A MAN WEARING THE GREEN COLOR DRESS AND A NUMBER DESIGN DRESS HOLDING THE HAND IN BELT.
boy in a green baseball uniform with an A on the front.
the black color car towards the front side of the camara.
A small black compact car parked and has a bicycle directly in front of it.
A little girl with blue jeans.
A girl wearing a colorful shirt.
red apple closest to the camera.
A red apple.
The giraffe in the back with smaller brown spots.
A giraffe standing behind another giraffe.
Potted plant.
PLANT POT.
red car behind the woman on the phone.
A red car behind the woman talking on the phone.
a serving tray with fruit inside it and a cover on it.
Fresh sliced fruit in a covered container.
Half of a sandwich positioined beneath the other half of the same sandwich and below and to the right of a salad on the a plate.
Half sandwich with a curved crust.
A standing woman handing a sitting man a plate.
A woman wearing a scarf is handing a plate to a man who is sitting on the side walk with a pizza, pop up chairs, and another man who seems to be waiting for something.
The small teddy bear in the blue shirt.
small bear in blue.
The umbrella to the left of the soldier is pink.
A guy in a white Tshirt and a yellow ball cap holding a frisbee.
A man in a white shirt throwing a frisbee.
A giraffe standing tall next to two giraffes.
A woman sleeping with a child sleeping next to her.
Woman sleeping with child in grownup bed, lying down in opposite direction of each other.
A cake sitting on a table at a celebration.
The cake in the foreground of the image.
A green sofa.
a sofa sat on by a man.
A skier wearing a blue jacket.
A PERSON WITH A BLUE JACKET ON SKIING.
A construction worker wearing a yellow helmet.
A construction worker in bright yellow and orange clothing.
Man in red shirt posing for a photo.
A man in a red tshirt having his picture taken.
A women in white ridding an elephant.
A woman in white riding an elephant.
A giraffe standing in front of 3 trees.
Dark brown and white girffe in front of three trees.
the clock on the right.
The clock face that is on the right side of picture.
Cow lying in a field and staring toward the camera.
The cow which is looking at the camera.
The bus with its lights on.
white bus parked.
Person in white shirt and black pants.
Person in white shirt and blue pants leaning on a wall.
The chair that is being sat on by the boy who is wearing a white oxford short sleeve shirt and a baseball cap.
the zebra that is behind the goat, eating.
A chair sits at a desk.
A black office chair in front of a desk.
A glass with ice in it.
The clear glass filled with ice.
A blurry picture of a blurry man in the crowd.
the blurred back of a fan wearing an orange shirt walking in the stadium.
A black and white zebra is crouched over eating some hay.
Zebra on right of other zebras.
Pedestrian crossing sign with hand lit up.
a walk sign with a bright red hand on it.
A white woman with blond hair and a pink shirt standing near another person.
WOMAN.
A sitting man with a blue striped tie.
A man wearing a white, long-sleeved shirt with a tie that has pictures on it.
The Jeep behind the clown is parked.
A jeep parked right behind a clown on a motorcycle.
Sheep sprayed with blue spray paint laying in the field/grass.  Next to the sheep a smaller sheep with red spray paint on the fur.
An animal laying down with blue on it's fur.
The black armchair to the right of the viewer.
The black chair on the right.
A girl in pink rides a horse with another behind her.
A little girl wearing a pink sleeveless shirt.
luxurious black cat snuggled on the white blanket.
The black cat only.
middle-aged dark brown or black hair woman with read dress and glasses.
The woman in the skirt.
Laptop closest to camera.
A black keyborad.
A white refrigerator next to another appliance.
A white section of wall with a white piece of paper stuck to it.
A black girl in a hat.
Woman wearing a white and black hat.
An empty chair at the end of a table.
An empty chair at the end of the table. A man's foot behind the chair, under the table.
the male sitting on the bench.
A man wearing blue jeans seated on a bench.
A bench that has a man in a striped shirt sitting on it.
The bench the man with the black backpack is on.
The right most plane.
Wing of an airplane over the man's head.
Man on left wearing grey shirt and black apron.
the back of the chef.
A chocolate-frosted doughnut with nuts on top.
Chocolate doughnut with nuts on top.
A big i pad is place first from left.
An ipad.
A train that carries crude oil.
An oil train car to the left.
A glass of beer that is only 3/4 full.
A tall glass of gloden beer.
child in soccer champ shirt.
A toddler wearing a white shirt that is holding the end of a toy baseball bat.
A train in a row of four with a 50th anniversary plaque on the front.
A train engine numbered 50 in a round metal plate.
A bottle of maple syrup.
Mac Donald's maple syrup.
Woman wearing a navy blue sweatshirt.
The woman in the brown sweater.
Woman with long brown hair sitting in front of a window.
a wooden arm chair with a plaid blanket draped on it.
the checked shirt that is sitting on the chair.
Man wearing yellow coat. Cat on woman's lap.
A man in a yellow jacket.
The bed with the white bedding.
A bed with a pink headboard and white sheets.
a woman in a blue shirt riding a bicycle.
Woman in blue shirt wearing a hat on a bicycle behind a blender.
An elephant to the left of another elephant playing with each other.
The girl standing behind the girls sitting.
Woman standing in the back with her hands on two girls' shoulders.
A woman wearing purple and holding a tennis raquet.
A female tennis player in a ponytail and purple outfit holds her hands and racket up in an idle moment.
A three seat blue sofa in a living room.
a blue sofa with laundry on it.
A man in a gray suit and a tie is holding bills.
a man in a suit holding papers.
A girl that is sitting next to a guy.
girl on left.
A MAN PLAYING THE TENNIS.
A man serving a tennis ball wearing all black and yellow sweat bands.
A woman wearing a black blazer over a blue blouse holding a pair of glasses in her hand while standing next to a man in front of water.
The woman hold glasses.
Parking meter with the numbers 3 and 6 on it.
meter on the right with a "3" on it.
The man in glasses holding a pizza.
The man eating the pizza.
A young lady wearing dark blue playing soccer.
A woman moving the ball to the goal while another shout.
A chair with a person standing on it.
The wooden chair the man is standing on.
light brown color horse behind the two horses.
A brown horse with a white face stands between two other horses.
The sofa facing the window.
The couch on the left hand side of the photo that faces the armoire and the television.
A smaller computer screen with a blue desktop background.
A computer screen with a blue background and iTunes open.
A laamb with a black tail eats it's meal.
Back end of the animal with the biggest blackest tail.
Man in light blue shirt standing behind man in striped shirt.
The man in the aqua colored shirt, partially hidden.
boy wearing a red shirt.
boy in red shirt looking through glass.
The thin remote that has a screen and is the next to last one on the right.
A remote control that has a large screen taking up most of the remote.
The older looking man holding the knife.
A grey-haired man in a military uniform cutting a large cake.
A man doing tricks on his skateboard arms held high.
A skateboarder wearing black and brown.
The taller girraffe.
the giraffe that is closest to the the viewer.
Man wearing black boots and straw hat.
The man standing the doorway of the barn wearing a straw cowboy hat, a white shirt, light colored blue jeans, and a pair of Muck Boots.
the toaster to the mans left.
A steel dish holder.
the jar with more in it.
A slice of pizza, 2nd slice from the left, on the side nearest the saucer, with a green vegetable on top it it.
The black motorcycle rearview mirror.
A man with a striped sleeve shirt sitting on a bench with a backpac between his feet.
The man sitting on the bench who is second farthest to the left.
A man in a suit.
A man in a suit and tie standing between two women.
cake donut alone on plate.
A glazed donut.
A player in blue uniform.
A FOOT BALL PLAYER WEARING BLUE COLOR UNIFORM TRANSFER THE BALL FROM OPPONENT PLAYER.
A black cat lying on a bed in front of another black cat and a white cat.
A black cat with head curled in and paws visible.
blonde woman wearing a blue dress holding a gray flip phone.
the blonde girl.
broccoli in a glass bowl.
the clear glass bowl with broccoli inside.
front bear with wide arms.
a dall.
The right side plant is hight.
a motorcycle that's red and black sitting beside the truck.
Motor bike near a car.
A zebra standing behind a giraffe looking at the cameraman.
the small zebra on the left.
the plant to the right under the gnomes feet.
The plant with light shining on it.
Zebra in the bottom left of picture.
A black and white zebra whose rear end is facing the photographer.
The clear container on the right.
An empty bottle off the screen.
elephant on right.
The backside of an adult elephant by a baby elephant.
Large bottle.
The wine bottle to the right of the frame.
A large bus reading dominion bus lines on the side.
Bus.
empty cup with straw and lemon slices.
An empty glass with a straw.
luggage being rolled behind a man.
A brown rolling suitcase being pulled by a bald man wearing a backpack.
A blue boat with men standing up and a blue and white umbrella.
A rust red, white and blue, canoe with a tilted umbrella.
A skier with a grey coat stopped on a snow covered slope near two other skiers.
A man in a gray jacket in skis.
A boat with the numbers 5154 on it.
A silver motorboat.
a half of a cow which is to the right of the cow facing the camera.
A kid in a baseball uniform bending over.
A kid waiting at third base watching the batter hit the ball.
Black bat with black grip.
A black bat with red lettering being held by bare hands.
A brown table with people eating Christmas food.
The horse is running.
a grey horse in the grass.
The backside of a man who has just walked out of frame in the picture.
man in a black longsleeve shirt standing next to other people.
A man wearing blue shorts.
THE TENNIS PLAYER WITH ADIDAS SHIRT AND SHORTS, IS READY TO SERVE.
The grey tie of the man in the grey suit.
The tie of a man wearing a grey color coat, and a batch on the coat.
A container with melted chocolate that is sitting next to the bananas.
A completely empty wine glass.
Wine glass to the left of the man's hand.
broccoli on the right of the plate.
A truck hauling metal.
A blue truck with a bed filled with scrap.
Man wearing red sox outfit to the right of the man in the wheelchair.
A man wearing wrist watch in left hand.
A person wearing a light pink shirt.
The person in the pink shirt.
Napkins stacked on a round, brown table.
A round brown table.
A white, frosted cake sitting to the left of another white cake.
A cake closest to the glass vase.
AN ADULT ELEPHANT WITH LARGE WHITE TUSKS.
the elephant standing with baby elephant.
happy woman.
The woman with the blue and white scarf.
White dog lying on a red couch with a pink and black collar on.
White dog on the left.
Planter seen first in the row with yellow flowers in front of the chairs.
A grey planted with yellow flowers  to the left of the 2 chairs.
A boy on a base.
A person with a blue shirt a grey pants.
a white computer screen between two other computer screens.
A compute monitor that is off and is between two other monitors.
Yellow skiis.
The zebra in the middle facing away from the camera.
The zebra in the middle facing away from the camera.
The grilled sandwich half with sliced side turned away on the plate with a salad side.
A sliced sandwich rests on a plate with french dressing.
The woman with her hand on her butt.
A female wearing a black shirt.
A man crossing the street.
man walking down street in blazer.
A horse with a white stirrup.
A horse with a man in brown riding on top.
A zebra standing behind the side of a smaller zebra.
A zebra looking to the left.
the middle flying bird.
A bird flying in between two other birds.
Two slices of pizza, slightly pulled out from the rest of the pizza.
the bottom right side of a pizza.
The chair.
A chair sitting next to a couch.
a blue tie being wrote on with a sharpie.
A blue tie being written on with a black marker.
The bench closest to the camera.
1st bench.
The wild dog on the left.
A predator on the lookout while its companion feasts on zebra.
A leg wearing a black boot.
A leg with a black boot.
The rightmost chair.
a white chair on the front right side.
Brown and white tall adult giraffe standing.
giraffe stands in zoo.
A man wearing a dark grey suit with a white shirt and black tie is drinking a beer.
Black clean car.
A black car parked next to an art car covered in stuffed animals.
Man in black, surfing, facing the skyline.
A white horse with black straps on it.
The chair on the left.
Wooden chair sitting on left side of dining island.
Parking meter showing dollar signs sitting next to another meter.
The right head of a two-headed parking meter labeled 51-41-22.
a medium wood square table.
Brown wooden table behind a woman in a pink shirt.
a black computer screen.
Black dell monitor displaying various windows.
The part of the couch beside the girl that has the laptop sitting on it.
A large silver train parked next to a street.
the connection of a double bus that says news 1130 on it.
man on the left with a black suit glasses and brown hair.
a man in a black suit having a ring put on his finger.
THE SITTING COW KETWEEN THE TWO STANDING BLACK & WHITE COWS.
A cow laying on the ground in between two standing cows.
The boat on the left.
The boat on the let.
laptop, open and turned on.
A black and silver laptop on a wooden desk.
red motorcycle.
A red scooter carries a rider with a multicolored umbrella.
A WHITE HORSE IN FRONT OF THE BLACK HORSE.
a white horse.
a black colour shoppa.
chair next to boy in green shirt.
A light colored wooden chair sitting a small table.
A tan chair behind a table displaying a gingerbread train scene.
man wearing striped white shirt and blue jeans.
a man wearing a striped shirt holding white game controllers.
A bird sitting atop a fruit.
Police officer in yellow and blue jacket on a bicycle talking on cell phone.
The person riding the bike and talking on a phone.
The man in green pants sleeping on the bench.
the man is sleeping on road table.
traffic light to the left.
EATING SOME FOODS.
A woman taking a bite out of a piece of pizza.
Laptop which was close to the fruits.
A lap top which is near an orange and a banana.
Two pairs of feet, both wearing high socks, behind a man sitting on a skateboard in motion.
the man with white socks with red lining.
A dirty toilet with the seat up.
A filthy toilet with the seat up.
A doll with no arms or legs.
brown little teddy bear.
The rear end of an elephant with it's tail swishing to the side.
woman drinking wine.
woman with wine glass making weird face.
Dark brown sandwich to left of white sandwich in middle row of food platters.
Two gold colored horses standing next to each other.
The horse to the right.
horse on the right.
A man in a yellow shirt and glasses stands in a room of people.
A bald man with glasses and a yellow shirt.
A tan dog looking out the passenger window of the van.
A golden colored dog sitting on the passenger side.
A remote on the far right.
young kid closest to projector.
the little boy with the orange shirt.
A very large potted green plant with big leaves.
the tall green plant near the corner.
the bikini girl standing in sand.
A cartoon woman standing next to a surfboard.
A chair facing the refrigerator.
The man in black t-shirt with number 11.
A man wearing a black shirt.
Boy in plaid shirt.
A Chinese man showing something to an sitting next African man on a laptop.
a giraffe to the left of the other three giraffes.
the giraffe on the left side closest to the fence.
A black-haired man kicking a soccer ball.
A soccer player with the point of his foot on the ball.
The zebra that is behind the other zebra.
zebra behind the other zebra.
asian police officer pushing two bicycles.
a police man walking with two bikes.
white airplane with red,white,and blue tail.
Man in top hat and black suit standing inside door.
The back of a man in a doorway with a top hat on.
The white box next to the book that says three.
book top right.
A little girl wearing a black sweatshirt with the words Baby Phat on it.
Little girl with dark brown curls, wearing a black outfit with gold lettering holds a piece of doughnut.
The younger man in gray.
a man standing with his arm on the shoulder of another man.
Woman in wetsuit.
WOMAN IN WETSUIT IN WATER BEHIND BOY SURFING.
Girl with red hair and purple and white shirt playing Wii.
a little girl is playing a video game.
The giraffe between two other giraffes.
Giraffe in between two other giraffes.
A decorated cake.
Brown, white and yellow cake.
The carrots toward the front of the picture.
Carrots in stand next to celery.
A man in black does a skateboard trick.
man on rail.
a small white bowl behind a white plate.
A rectangular bowl holds some food.
A scooter with no box on the back.
A motorcycle to the left of a green window.
A train with no white dressed man in front of it.
A train numbered 111 leaving the platform.
A grey boat sits in the harbor.
naval vessel K377.
a table with pizza, drinks, and seasonings on it.
A table of food, with plates, a pizza, pitchers, and glasses.
A man wearing tan gloves and riding on a red and white motorcycle.
a man ride a red  & white color bike.
A green fire hydrant with water coming out of it.
Green and white fire hydrant with water flowing out.
A man in a purple shirt, in motion, playing tennis.
A tennis player with a purple shirt playing tennis.
a green frosted cake with multi colored candle.
A cake.
man on skateboard holding dog.
A man in the skateboard leasing the dog.
The knife on top of the pie in the back of picture.
The knife on top of the pie.
A man with the number 24 on him wearing a blue jacket and orange pants.
A man in a blue jacket and orange pants.
Man in the second photo.
omelette on plate.
Food on a white plate with red fruit in the background.
white sofa players are sitting on.
A SOFA SET WHERE THE THREE PERSONS ARE SITTING.
A white bowl with salad dressing.
A small white bowl with some dark salad dressing.
the wing of a dead bird.
a red vehicle.
A red car.
The foreleg of a man wearing dark blue pants, not jeans.
A man holding a toothbrush.
A man with a mustache and yellow shirt.
A black man engaging in vert skating and wearing kneepads and a helmet.
A man skateboarding.
A black keyboard connected to a laptop with a cat laying on top of it.
standalone keyboard.
There is a minivan depicted with two men and two women showed, two sitting out of the side of the minivan.
the van where the lady of red is sitting in the right hand picture.
bench behind the creepy guy.
A black park bench with people seated on it.
a chair that a man is touching.
A leopard print chair.
A skateboard tilted upwards.
Black and yellow skateboard tilted upwards from the floor.
an umpire wearing a suit.
An umpire standing behind a woman in heels playing baseball.
A older man with a blue button up helping a boy.
A man wearing gray pants and white shoes.
A woman sitting on a bench looking over her shoulder.
a young girl looking away from the camera.
A yellow and white stripped surfboard.
An orange and white surfboard.
A person in a green suit with skis.
A skier wearing a green jacket.
Person in a dark shirt.
I believe this is a lady's dress or blouse.
a man in black suit wearing a helmet sitting on a motorbike.
A man in a suit on a motorcycle.
The hotdog on the left.
sausage that is on top of the beans.
The boy wearing a yellow shirt.
A boy shaking hands with a girl at a tennis court.
A man in black standing to the right of a cake.
The back of a person in black to the right of another person.
man with a pony tail with shorts juggling a frisbee.
A tan man with long hair in a bun catches a Frisbee under his leg.
woman that is holding tennis raquet.
A WOMAN STAND WITH TENNIS BAT AND LOOK AT MIRROR.
A man in an orange shirt.
A man in an orange shirt.
A zebra walking away from two other zebras.
The larger of the two adult zebras who is not eating grass.
Bus is very close to hitting car.
A 107 An Uaimh bus running on the road.
Man standing in a white shirt.
The person who is standing.
A brown table with two plates and a pizza on it.
The portion of the table that is holding the two plates, it is to the right of the pizza.
A man cutting a cake.
a man kat tha caka.
the biggest piece of pizza.
Two slices of pizza stuck together.
A scoop of ice cream.
The dollop of ice cream.
A blue, white and orange sculpture mounted on a white box with wooden edges.
A vase on a white and brown box.
A man wearing a white t-shirt.
A man wearing a white shirt and a bracelet on his right arm.
A brown horse running with the number 6.
A horse with the number 6 on it.
The woman putting her hands on the giant teddy bears.
A young lady wearing t shirt with yellow over coat and blue colored jeans wearing sandals showing some toys is present in the image.
The left suitcase.
Medium sized pink suitcase.
polka dot pillow.
a pillow with a pink and white polka dotted cover.
A white vase with 2 handles.
A large white vase.
Donut with sprinkles coming out of the opening of the bag.
the donut still in the bag closest to the camera.
Tan book called The Historian.
the book The Historian.
MULTI COLOR UMBRELLA SITTING THE CHAIR.
An umbrella with red and yellow segments, as well as green stripes, resting over a chair.
A soft seafoam green chair with 5 apolstery buttons.
A light blue chair.
The bride dressed in her wedding dress.
A man and a woman on their wedding day looking like they are cutting something, presumably their wedding cake.
sign square behind the walking signal.
A green parrot with its mouth open and back feathers ruffled.
A green bird in a bunch of bananas with it's beak open.
The second toilet bowl back.
THE BUTTER KNIFE AT THE BOTTOM OF THE DISH RACK.
People looking out the window of the bottom section of a green double decker bus.
A large picture of a bird on the side of a bus.
The elephant next to the one with its trunk extended the furthest on the left side of it.
zebra on sand.
A zebra is near a hippopotamus.
A man in the distance behind a chain link fence.
man standing behind the fence with arms crossed.
the surfboard the child with blond hair is holding.
a guy in a bus.
A blue bus driving in busy traffic.
clear vase with arrangement of flowers including one sunflower.
A medium sized vase holding a small boquet of flowers between two other vases.
The apple with a yellow spot closest to the camera.
an apple beside the orange.
bus labeled first student.
the bus on the far left.
A hotdog which man holding without a spectacles.
A hot dog on a bun with mustard.
A white mug.
A white cup next to a plate of a sandwich and fries.
A vehicle with a box on the back.
an east asian transport vehicle with two people inside and a box attached to the back.
Laptop on the right.
The Apple computer that the woman is using with her left hand.
a black laptop.
the hand that is about to grab the child's arm.
The hand reaching out.
A man with a button down white shirt and track pants with two old phones in both hands and headphones in.
The guy in the white shirt holding two cellphones.
The back of a giraffes neck.
brown pant with white shoes.
Man standing next to the orange cart.
A man with dark hair using a laptop.
A man wearing grey long sleeved shirt.
A man turning around to pose for the camera while skiing in a black and white outfit.
A man in black, on skiis, standing between two other men on top of a mountain.
A man wearing a striped robe, speaking to a seated woman.
A man wearing a long kurtha talking to a woman.
A HUGE CLOCK.
Large clock behind angle statues.
A cow, one of four, standing closest to the camera.
cow standing alone in the front.
A puppy biting another puppies paw.
A puppy in motion (blurry) that is playing with another puppy behind it.
woman wearing white shirt and blue jeans.
Woman in white shirt and blue jeans.
A brown horse with brown saddle, blue saddle blanket, and black saddle bag.
Rear end of the lightest brown horse.
the person on the far right in the right hand picture.
A person near the table watching a man blowing off the candle.
A triangle shaped chappatti that is on the blue box.
Sandwich in the box.
An orange and yellow bus with a banana on top.
A colorful bus with a banana painted on the side.
A man wearing a red tie smiling.
A gentleman wearing a black suit with a red tie.
the face of the human.
a woman laying down.
a man having his eyelashes cut off.
A plush sofa with brown upholstery and brown and white coat laid over the back.
A brown couch sitting in a living room with a coat hanging off the back.
The boat with the white motor in the back in front of the other boat.
The boat on the righthand side of the picture, that has a white motor on it.
Child-sized, green and white skis being worn by a young child.
Child-sized snow skiis.
giraffe not facing the camera.
a giraffe looking off in the distance.
The young bull closest to the fence.
A brown cow next to a wooden fence.
A woman in with blonde hair that is touching her foot.
a blonde woman in tan slacks and white blouse sitting on a bench speaking with another woman.
A hand above a sandwich.
Someone's hand on the top side of a sandwich.
black and white bike in front.
A motorbike in the foreground.
The chair of the woman in the brown shirt.
two girls laying on a red comforter.
The catcher at a baseball game just catching a ball, he is wearing a blue and grey uniform.
Baseball catcher in blue uniform.
A dark wooden chair tucked under a matching table.
The chair pushed into the table.
A man standing without his shirt.
A man with no shirt.
The side of a large water vessel.
A big dalmation dog.
dalmation dog.
a dish filled with many dark, circuliar objects.
a bowl with cheese and black olives in it.
The sofa facing the TV with a woman sitting on it.
The couch on which a lady is sitting.
A man in blue jeans performing a skateboard trick.
A skateboarder airborner.
A man lounging on a couch leaning against his left hand with feet on the coffee table.
A man in a black shirt holding a remote control.
A piece of cake with chocolate icing next to a macaroon.
Black cake with yellow food as a dessert.
An air plane which is of blue color which is standing in the middle of other two planes.
plane in the middle.
Rounded half of a sandwich under a more triangle piece.
the bottom section of sandwhich.
A lady playing guitar sitting on a leather couch next to a man.
Woman in black shirt holding guitar.
chair to left facing white wall.
A black and white cat laying on the floor.
Cat with collar on.
A man standing with black suit.
A black man between two white womend with a suit on.
The larger elephant with the bigger tusks on the left of the smaller elephant.
Th firetruck is in the parking lot.
Firetruck.
A fork sitting on top of a slice of pepperoni pizza.
the pepperoni pizza.
a young man with dark hair sitting in a chair.
A teenaged boy sits in a chair watching while an older man plays the wii.
the racket belonging to the man in orange.
A red, black, and white tennis racket, near the net.
brown table.
table.
A small fishing boat with several people on it in the middle of the ocean.  Another boat is pushing it.
A barge next to a larger ship.
A boy in a black shirt and gray and red pants playing a Wii boxing game.
A boy with dark brown hair wearing a black short and grey pants.
A zebra laying on its back.
A zebra on its back in a zoo.
A COW TIED METAL CHAIN ON THE NECK SITTING IN THE GRASS.
A black and white cow with a chain around its neck.
A woman sitting down on a bench.
A woman.
Giraffe in back that is looking the right.
A giraffe is near to the rocks.
A person's palm that is holding a hot dog.
A MAN HOLDING BERGER AT HIS HAND IN THE ROAD.
A dog jumping to catch a Frisbee.
Black and white dog leaps over people crouched on the ground.
a kid in a neon green shirt.
boy in green shirt by fire hydrant.
A dirtbike on a lift waiting to be worked on.
A BIKE READY TO ASSEMBLING PARTS BACKSIDE OF THE A PERSON ASSEMBLING THE SAME.
a man in leather and a helmet sits on a motorbike.
The motorcyclist nearest the camera.
A bowl of white food.
white oval side dish with white soft food in it, towards the back left of all the dishes.
A slim bottle of red drink next to a wider green bottle.
A thin, clear bottle of wine.
a boy was doing scating on road.
Child in green shirt.
Zebra walk in left side.
The left zebra.
An orange sitting between an apple and two other oranges.
the orange closest tot the apple \.
woman in the photo on the right of the two photos.
the player on the right half.
a black suit case with wheels on its side.
black suitcase in back above standing one.
A BOY READY TO CATCH BASE BALL IN FIELD.
Asian male playing catcher in a baseball game.
A man in black and white clothing is looking at a person in scuba gear.
man wearing a white and black sweater.
The gray folded comforter on the ground.
The bottom floor and mattress the woman is laying on.
The zebra facing the camera.
the animal in the foreground.
A man in a gray suit wearing a necklace of garlic and standing on a stage.
A man in a grey suit with a blue plaid undershirt and black tie.
The man with the white shirt.
A guy staying glasses sitting at a table eating pizza.
Colored guy skateboarding in jean shorts and blue cap.
the black dude in the air while on the skateboard.
A yellow motorcycle that is used for the delivery of blood has three people standing around it, the men are showing off a check while the woman is smiling.
A sponsored motorcycle.
A sewen pretzel on a sewen plate.
The pretzel ike pastry in the back right.
A man wears a pink tie at an event.
A man dressed up with a woman.
A little boy swinging a bat.
a boy with a blue hat.
A TALL GIRAFEE WALKING NEAR A LARGE ROCK.
Giraffe hiding his head.
The man behind the boy holding a tennis racket.
A tennis player wearing white with blue sleeves holding a racquet.
gray mug with handle turned upside down on a  saucer.
A brown mug upside down on a table.
White shirt on a person.
A woman with a white T-shirt on sitting at a table.
A spoon held up in the air.
A BUILDING IMAGE ON THE BACKGROUND OF THE SPOON.
Blonde woman in a purple shirt looking at a cake.
a blonde woman in a red shirt.
A fire hydrant to the right of another fire hydrant.
The fire hydrant on the right.
player with blue band in his hand smiling.
The player with wristbands.
A man sitting on a dirtbike with long blond hair, wearing a grey shirt and a black vest.
The man beside the woman on a bike.
A FedEx van parked in front of a FedEx truck.
FedEx truck closest to camera.
The laptop shows two members in a moniter.
computer screen with two people.
A girl at a laptop.
A young girl playing on a laptop.
piece of pizza in plate closest to empty coke cup.
Single slice of pizza in white plate.
A boat full of pitchers and fruit.
Boat under the greenery.
A police officer on a motorcycle leading other officers.
A police officer on a motorcycle leading others.
zebra on the left.
a zebra facing left.
A toyota parked next to a meter.
Motocyle with dimmer light.
A motorcycle the man in shorts is riding.
The left side of the parking meter.
the utensils on the plate.
The toddler boy kicking the soccer ball.
A young boy in a red & white outfit playing with a soccer ball.
brown cow right.
A brown cow with a white face standing amongst the black and white cows.
A woman in black dress playing Wii.
Woman in black dress.
An uncooked pizza with four hotdogs.
The pizza furthest left from the child.
The lady with the blue shirt.
Woman.
A woman dancing in a white dress.
The lady in a white dress.
a man in a wet suit.
A man in a black and blue wetsuit facing the ocean.
This is the reflection of a pink teddy bear.
The reflection of a bear in the mirror.
A horse which carries a man.
BROWN HORSE WHERE A MAN RIDING.
boy sitting in a grey hoodie and blue sweatpants.
A person seated in a gray sweatshirt.
a person on a yellow bike.
The person on the silver and yellow bike.
A person in the background behind the guy in the green polo shirt.
The arm of a man in a black tshirt.
the pizza crust side closest to us.
A red bus in front of another.
The bus in the back.
A woman in a white shirt enjoying a beverage with her dog.
A blond haired woman with a white shirt with a peace sign on it.
The head of a white teddy bear, with black eyes, a red nose, and yellow and orange ears.
the teddy bear with the yellow ear.
a boy in the middle holding a blue racquet.
The boy in the middle touching the strings on the tennis racket.
the train in the background.
Blue train with pink doors on right side.
The train that says Horsted.
a sign that says horsted keyn next to the front end of a train.
Sleeping grey cat with black stripes.
A multi-colored cat sleeping next to a black cat.
Dark red car in the foreground with ECC on its side.
A parked red car.
base ball player  hits the ball.
The batter in the blue helmet who just hit the ball.
Black four door car with something on the roof.
This is a black car partially obscured from view by a white truck.
A plateful of greens next to a plate of pasta.
Collard greens.
A person wearing a white and tan jacket.
A person skiing wearing a white top and red snow pants.
A woman wearing a grey hoodie sweatshirt and green shorts with a phone in her hand watching a woman feed a giraffe.
A woman with a ponytail, a gray sweatshirt, and green shorts.
The brown cow sitting behind the other cow.
a man surfing on a green surfboard.
A man with a green surfboard in the water.
old women was lifting hand up side with glass.
A sitting woman in a red and white striped nightgown holding her hand up.
a man is playing guitar while the others enjoying the same.
A man holding a guitar.
a piece of cake on a plate with a fork.
The slice of cake next to the fork.
A giraffe leaning far through the fence, reaching towards people.
A giraffe reaching it's neck through a gate to get to some food with people watching the giraffe.
A white woman with dark hair is laying upside on a bed next to two other women.
A girl with black jeans with open mouth.
A mostly empty bottle of juice next to the cat in the fridge.
A plastic bottle with red fluid.
slice of cheese pizza.
The slice of pizza the man wearing glasses is holding.
the person is skating on road.
a man skateboarding with a dog on his arm.
Right tooth brush with the bristles damaged.
Toothbrush with spread out bristles.
a man wearing black t-shirt.
A man standing near some pizza.
A zebra with an all black nose standing in an open field near another zebra.
Two zebras standing on the gras.
A child with a dog on his legs.
a girl with a black motorycyle helpmet holding a chubby pug wearing a camo hat.
boy.
A baby in a red T-shirt sitting in his mothers back papoose.
a picnic table bench closest to the bird.
the seat behind the bird.
A woman with a grey shirt on holding corn at a table.
Woman in gray shirt and blue jeans standing at a table choosing vegetables.
older man in a plaid shirt reads a book.
The older man.
The man on the phone.
guy on phone.
A pair of orange and grey skies.
The legs and feet of a person with white shoes and a white hat in-bewtween them.
person in the background holding a white hat downward.
A man in a white shirt in between two other men.
The man walking straight ahead with head straight forward.
coat-suited old man.
A man dressed in a suit walking down a city street on top of subway grates.
An couch facing a table with two white pillows on it.
A beige sofa with withe throw pillows on it and a white throw.
Young girl standing at a fire hydrant.
a girl in a white dress.
The tennis player in blue capris.
The person in a white shirt jumping in the air.
A woman wearing a hat and holding a dark pink phone.
Woman using a pink cell phone.
Motocyle in focus.
Husovama Bike.
A plastic chair supporting a woman in a gray shirt.
The chair the woman in the gray shirt is sitting on .
A blue plant pot.
A plant in blue color pot.
A hot dog with a lot of mustard and onions.
A hotdog covered in mustard.
The orange plate on the top right of the blue plate.
a smaller bright orange circle.
The back end of a zebra with its head down, grazing.
zebra rear on the left.
toddler brushing teeth in sink.
A baby sitting in a bathroom sink with a toothbrush.
Dell monitor with dark nighttime city scene.
computer monitor depicting nighttime city scene.
The bottom of a skateboard in the air.
Colorful skateboard in the air in front of a graffiti wall.
The batter looking back at the ball in the catcher's mitt.
man playing with white color jersey in the right side of the image.
The umbrella is black, white and pink with a floral pattern.
The opened black, white and pink umbrella.
The bird with the closed beak.
right bird.
A large computer screen on the left side of the table behind a laptop thats in front of it.
A gray muddy baby elephant rubbing on his mother.
A baby elephant with my mom.
Piece of brocolli in upper right not touching the other brocolli.
An older woman riding a bike, wearing a black floral print shirt.
A woman wearing a flower print top and black pants riding a bicycle.
A man in blue looking at the giraffe.
man with black hair and blue shirt.
The legs of a stuffed black and white animal lying on its side.
A stuffed animal laying on its side.
A Finnair airplane at the terminal with the little ramp thing out.
the air-jet on which "FINNAIR" is written.
the train on the left.
A boy with green, blue and white polo/.
A boy in a striped shirt whose face is not showing.
woman in striped shirt playing wii.
A woman in a purple striped shirt using a Wii Remote and Nunchuk Controller.
Girl at bar with her back to us.
A woman with short black hair that has her back to the camera.
Crack on a wooden table.
Girl in a pink sweater.
right hand girl in pink sweater.
The green plane behind other two.
blue plane in upper picture an is blurry.
The woman on the left in a greeen hoodie.
a person in green jacket but not seen in full.
Man.
The person in the white shirt.
A Dell monitor running a multimedia suite.
Desktop screen which is displaying options for viewing the pictures + Videos.
a baseball player hitting a ball.
A baseball player swinging a bat at the ball.
A blonde woman in a red sweater holding a spoon.
A woman wearing a red sweater and holding a spoon.
MINT GREEN SCOOTER PARKED.
A pale green scooter.
an old looking boxcar.
A large red train on a track.
funny chair in hall.
A orange chair with straw on it.
A man's leg wearing black shorts and glasses. He is holding a coffee mug and is not wearing any shoes.
an arm of a person in the backround holding a white coffee cup.
The small zebra in the middle.
A zebra almost hidden from view with its head down.
A hand holding what appears to be a jelly donut.
The hand holding the pastry.
A man with spiky hair looking at a box of desserts.
man with blue shirt.
A large goat is standing along the side of the road.
A large goat is on the side of the road.
woman wearing a green shirt.
A woman in a green shirt and work out shorts playing Wii.
A skier with his foot in the air.
SKATING MAN SHOWING  LEFT LEG.
the clear cup behind the orange juice in the right hand picture.
An empty glass stands behind a glass of orange juice.
The giraffe whos head is furthest to the right.
A giraffe facing towards the camera.
a woman grabing her hat.
A woman in a hat and a white shirt.
Partial clockface to the left.
Partial clockface to the left.
A girl holding a toothbrush and toothpaste.
A little girl brushing her teeth.
A small brown pillow with animal decoration.
Pillow on box in the corner of a room.
lady seated across table.
woman sprinikling pepper on her pizza.
a black and white zebra walking beside another zebra in a field of dry grass.
A zebra standing further back than the second zebra.
the board of the man in yellow.
A snowboard is held by a person in yellow.
A persons right hand reaching for the donut.
The hand holding the donut.
A multicolored cat bowl with water in it.
A water bowl for a cat that is filled to the top.
Biker on left in front looking to left.
The man with the flaming helmet.
Cushions stacked up in the back of a truck.
the tooth brush in front of the other tooth brush.
A peach toothbrush.
A white haired woman wearing pearl earrings playing a video game.
A woman with white hair.
BACKSIDE OF A MAN.
The person in the background wearing a white hate.
Grey travel bag packed full, has black wheels on the bottom.
a bag on the table.
A black horse with a white spot standing near three other horses in a plains area.
A brown and white horse standing on an open plain in between two other brown and white horses.
A boy with a mowhawk is dressed ina bll black riding his skateboard.
The buy doing a trick.
Girl in orange dress.
A woman in a red dress with a scarf around her neck.
a truck in the road.
bus.
an empty chair to the left of another chair.
A chair is the set of dinning table.
A lone giraffe reaches for something.
The giraffe that is by itself and partially hidden by the two poles in front it.
giraffe standing beside the tall bare tree.
The giraffe that is further away.
The elephant in front.
the elephant with three people on i.
The rear end of a horse with a light colored tail.
a blonde horse.
A man watching a woman write something.
A bearded man watches a woman write something.
a man in a blue shirt.
Man with blue shirt and glasses drinking from wine glass.
The brown couch in the background by the wall.
sofa in a hall.
The empty chair at the end of the table next to the woman.
A wooden chair sitting at the head of the table with spindles on the back of the chair to support it.
Glass of water sitting on the table.
The glass is half full of water with no ice.
White striped umbrella.
white umbrella in foreground.
a red and silver tennis racket being held upside down.
A tennis racket with a blue handle.
The motorcycle under the police officer on the right.
A young man at a pizzeria.
A young boy sitting down wearing a black shirt,.
An oval washbasin which is reflecting on the mirror.
A white sink with a silver drain stopper.
Sofa with no other objects on it.
A couch with nothing on it is in the room.
A hot dog with jalapenos.
A hotdog with jalapeno peppers on top.
IN A LAPTOP MOVIE PLAYING A MAN TALKING PHONE ANOTHER MAN NEAR BY HIM.
A video playing on the screen of a mac book pro, which is resting on a man's lap.
A large green hedge to the left of the picnic tables.
The hedge to the left of the flagstone walkway.
A red train labeled 44 111.
train is towards the camera.
A man with a beard wearing flannel.
A man wearing a plaid shirt.
A hair hand pointed a finger towards a piece of icecream cake.
The very hairy hand is pointing at something.
A dining table where coffee cup are placed.
A table with a bunch of cups on it.
Grilled steak with veggies on top on paper behind a pizza.
The reflection of a car with a sign.
The reflection of a light colored car.
small size pizza.
A smaller pizza to the left of a larger pizza.
the horse ridden by man in red shirt.
A horse rodeoing a bull with a man riding wearing red and white.
front of the green bus on the right, behind police on road.
The bus pulling behind the police officers on motorcycles.
A white sink that is to the left of another sink.
A woman holding a red parasol.
A woman boting.
the stoplight.
A set of street lights.
A brown leather chair beside a fireplace, at the corner of an area rug.
An empty orange chair facing this way.
turkey sandwich facing the camera.
A turkey and avocado sandwhich.
A boat larger than the other boat.
larger white boat.
carrots in the bowl with carrots.
Some carrots in a small vegetable dish.
A plastic cup with a red beverage.
A pink frozen beverage in a clear cup.
a boy with red hair and blue coveralls.
A young boy with his mouth open.
five car train to right of photo.
A bunch of colorful train cars.
Women in blue white and black.
The grey couch with the square throw pillow.
gray couch with square pillow.
A brown horse that has a black face mask.
the horse on the right, wearing a black mask.
A baseball player is walking.
The baseball player that is standing on one leg.
light blue colored clogs with purple hearts on them.
heart designed shoes wearing by child.
A hand of someone that is feeding a child.
A hand holding food that a child is eating.
The sandwich to the leftr.
A giraffes with its head down slightly stands near a baby.
A giraffe leaning its head towards a pole and standing in front of another giraffe.
A glass of wine rests on the table next to bowls of food.
A stemmed glass with a red beverage.
A boy wearing red color hooded t-shirt.
A boy with helmet and red jerkin playing around the lamp post.
A single-deck model bus with clear doors and windows and writing on it.
A small bus that is red, blue and yellow.
A sheep eating from a blue bowl.
a fluffy white sheep drinking from a blue bowl in the grass with a black dog in the background.
dining table of the kid.
A wooden table near a boy.
The little boy wearing red and white swinging a bat.
A little leaguer wearing his uniform, swinging a baseball bat.
A two seater sofa on the living room.
white leather covered sofa.
The player with the white wrist bands on.
Female tennis with the long white sleeves.
Army soldier carrying an AK-47 standing next to an African Union truck.
A MILITARY MAN HOLDING WEAPON BEFORE THE MILITARY TRUCK.
A glazed doughnut bagel.
A glazed donut with creme filling on the inside.
standing man.
A man in a green and white striped shirt playing the wii.
the zebra in front.
the zebra whose face is not hidden.
front horse on right.
right horse in front.
Computer screen with white background showing.
Th computer monitor in front of the black keyboard.
a boy was eatting nudels.
The baby.
Purple book on table.
a purple book on a table.
Overcooked piece of brocolli with gravy on it.
piece of broccoli that has the most gravy on it.
A kid sitting on a chair and eating icecream with a spoon.
A boy eating.
Man in glasses looking down at his phone while sitting at the table.
A man with a beard and sunglasses, sitting at a table.
A cow lying down next to a standing cow.
A cow laying down in the back ground.
a green tree.
A plant in the background of a picture.
A old bruised bannana sitting next to some batterys.
A banana next to a battery.
A man holding a tennis racket across his chest.
A man between other two holding a badminton racket on his chest.
television showing fried chicken.
A TV above and to the right of an elderly woman.
A man without a shirt holding a surfboard.
A yellow surfboard.
the back half of a cow facing left.
The bottom piece of a pastry roll.
A red double decker bus along side a white van.
A double-decker bus on the right side of a silver van.
A person on a moped in the street.
The person is riding the motorcycle.
The sofa in the back that is against the wall.
A brown and black cat on the ground.
Brown cat lying on ground beneath a concrete step.
A white cat sitting next to a cat with black spots.
White cat on the right.
the part of the plate on the left of the cake.
A part of a plate behind a slice of pie.
The woman drinking a glass of ice water.
A blonde girl's profile.
the front bus in the right hand picture.
fully visible double decker bus.
A red double-decker with a Wrigley's ad.
The knife with two metal screws on the handle.
The tool next to the paper with the brown handle.
lowest carrot.
A black car with red tail lights.
The rear end of a black car in the street.
partially split sandwich to the left of two bags of chips.
The sandwich on the left, that's partially bent apart.
The boy running in yellow.
MAN IN YELLOW AND BLACK UNIFORM PLAYING SOCCER.
pizza in lower right corner.
Pizza without green toppings.
airplane in front of hangar.
A small plane in front of the hangar.
The apple behind the large orange.
An apple in a bowl with other fruit.
Table top full of food and drink.
The catalog on the top shelf of a bathroom magazine rack.
The book with the shapes on the border on the higher portion of the rack.
The left side of a clock tower.
The clock face on the left.
a fridge full of drinks.
A freezer holding drinks against the wall with two separate doors.
the piece of pizza with ham which is behind the piece of pizza with olives and pepperoni.
The half visible pizza at the top edge.
broccoli in a red bowl.
an orange bowl full of broccoli.
A microwave oven , on which a lady is resting her left hand.
microwave with the girls elbow on it.
Half a sandwich to the left of its other half.
a food on tabule.
A glass of soda with a straw sitting on top of a metal platter.
a glass with a dark soda in it.
A man tying his tie.
The man tying his tie.
The backside of a baby polar bear.
The polar bear on the left.
A hot dog to the right of two other hot dogs.
The hot dog and bun on the right that is closest to the camera.
The first lemon from the right.
A hand with a black collar holding a Wiimote.
A hand holding a Wii remote in front of a child.
Two beige couch cushions next to a table with a vase of yellow roses on it.
a sofa closest to pot of flowers.
woman on right.
A woman with black hair rubbing a sheep.
pair of legs beneath umbrella closest to snow pile.
the person with umbrella.
car with a yellow license plate in traffic.
the small grey car to the left of the tow truck.
A little patience, many a times, avoids such accidents.
Doubledecker bus.
It is a picture of a vase with tribal pictures on it. It is also black and tan in color.
Vase in the foreground of picture.
the 4th giraffe all the way in back of the rest.
spoon on the left.
The spoon the left.
KNIFE IN THE RED COLOR PLATE AND CHOCOLATE PIECES.
A red plate with a big knife on it.
The two people about to catch the frisbee.
The gentleman jumping in the air wearing a white t-shirt who is reaching for the frisbee.
A glass behind a bread basket.
a large stuffed bear wearing a white and blue shirt.
A toy bear in a box of junk being moved to a new home.
A snowboarder wearing yellow pants.
a snowboarder in neon yellow pants and pale blue hat.
the half of the sandwhich on the right.
A large elephant.
elephant and with its child elephant.
The place mat under the plate that the hands are on.
The placemat across the table.
a wooly brown beard looking at the camers.
These are a couple of grizzly bears relaxing.
front giraffe.
A mother giraffe.
A yellow city bus.
A yellow bus with the words "Yellow Buses" displayed in white above its door.
airline seat with man in green shirt.
SEAT THE PERSON IN GREEN IS SITTING IN.
Two giraffes eating leaves from a tree.
a giraffe licking.
The man with the tennis racquet.
A man in a white shirt is on a tennis court.
The mostly brown surf board on the right.
There is a surf board propped up with a woman standing directly on the side of it.
A child wearing blue jeans.
child on shoulders of man with black hat.
A multicolored teddy bear in the center.
A RAINBOW COLORED BEAR MADE OF YARN.
The lamb on the far right side in the back.
The far black sheep.
White cow.
A white cow with a black rope around it's head.
The shorter giraffe following the larger giraffe.
The shorter giraffe.
The glass coke bottle that has the least amount of soda in it.
coke bottle on left of glass.
Table under bowl.
Wooden table.
A man in a light beige shirt sitting at a table.
The man with his fork in the food with the balding hair.
The sandwiches.
Any of the sandwiches present on the table.
A black traffic light that is displaying the green light.
A traffic light on green.
The man in the suit.
a man in a suit is looking at his phone while walking.
A person holding a white wii remote controller on both hands.
a man wearing a white shirt and grey pants playing the wii.
A woman smiling for a photo wearing a large necklace and black clothing.
A woman holding a wine glass.
dining table in hotel.
BROWN COLOR TABLE HOLDING A BURGER AND WHITE BOTTLE.
A man in a white shirt sitting among a group of girls.
Guy with shaggy hair wearing a white T-shirt.
person in white tank top and black helmet.
The person behind the girl on the skateboard, looking off to the side.
a refrigerator with a red notice affixed to the top compartment.
Refrigerator with sign in red letters on door.
A big couch in a moving vehicle.
couch on left.
left hand most sheep.
A dark sheep is standing to the right of the other sheep and behind the dog.
The huge boat kind of to the left that is darker in color.
A large boat that is sailing behind a small one in the front.
bench man sitting on.
The bench the lasy is sitting on.
An elderly woman wearing spectacles holding a newspaper sitting down.
A woman in a green shirt sitting in a chair.
A banana half peeled sitting on a plate.
a black plate and banana.
A man serving pizzas.
the man with black dress.
A woman wearing glasses.
A woman with glasses watching the cook.
A wooden color chair.
brown wooden chair.
The back end of a bus in front of another bus.
end of bus in front.
A man in a white  Itatia shirt with green cap sleeves is holding an orange.
A man with an umbrella hat on his head with a green and white sleeveless t-shirt holding an orange.
The couch facing the camera, behind the table, directly next to the dining table.
A three seater sofa on the living room.
A red vase with two pink flowers and one green flower between two smaller red vases.
A tall, red vase, flanked by two other vases.
A male wearing glasses and a white and black shirt playing video games with another male.
A young man in a brown and white sweater playing a videogame.
the blue and white tennis racket.
blue tennis racket.
A chair which is on the left side of the lamp.
Leftmost chair.
A black chair on the right side of a table.
Chair in the right in front of TV.
A blonde little girls watches another girl try to hit a ball.
blonde girl in white.
Piece of pizza on the right side.
pizza piece in the right side.
A black and white dog laying down, looking away from the camera.
A black and white dog looks away into a field.
a white dining room slat backed chair.
A chair at the dining table with it back facing the boxes that is nearest the sofa.
A wooden bench holding a man in a red jacket.
A wooden table that a person is sitting on.
In-focus hanging bear.
baseball runner.
Person in orange shirt who is about to run.
tallest man wearing red colour t-shirt.
A man wearing a red shirt and a hat flying a kite.
A red motorbike stands with its rider on planks balanced atop three rowboats.
a bike one girl sitting on it & they are in boat.
An orange umbrella is in a glass next to another and slightly higher up than its counterpart.
The umbrellaon the left.
A darker brown cow with white around the nose, beside a lighter cow.
A dark colored cow standing to the left some another cows.
adult elephant beside baby.
A mother elephant with a baby elephant.
The empty, plastic Starbucks cup with the straw in the trash can.
A starbucks plastic coffee cup in the garbage.
An unbraded blue backpack for school.
The blue bag has gray trim.
MAN ON RIGHT SITTING.
a man being tickled.
Pieces of broccoli inside a stir fry that is served on a white plate.
Chinese lady cooking food.
A woman in a grey jacket cooking some food.
The white toilet in the middle with the white handle.
The toilet in the middle of the others.
A guy wearing blue setter and black pants and a cooling glass.
A kid wearing sun glasses in the snow.
The yellow bear behind the baby.
A kid with mask on.
A young boy wearing spider man glasses.
A person in a blue and white plaid shirt shearing a sheep.
A person in blue jeans, bending over a sheep and shearing its wool off.
The baby giraffe.
The smallest giraffe.
Brown cow.
A brown color cow with a tail.
chair in corner.
A shiny black chair back close to a window.
A guy in a relaxed position in the chair looking at his phone.
a guy sitting in a leather chair.
The broccoli at the bottom of the dish.
A piece of broccoli closest to the bottom of the plate.
The person holding the toddler.
The arm of the person holding the baby.
A woman in a green tank top.
the girl in the green shirt watching the boy eat a sandwich.
An old man with a red hat and light blue shirt with eye glasses, cutting the hair off of a brown and white horse.
The man with the red hat.
A young boy wearing a blue shirt with  ninja on it eating cake.
A small boy in a blue shirt with a figure on the front that has a black and red hat.
The elephant who is standing behind and baby elephant whose front portion is seen.
A large elephant with his trunk hanging down towards the ground.
pink chair closest to window.
A man wearing a yellow shirt sitting with 2 others at a table.
A guy in yellow sitting at a table.
Brown polka dot chair.
A red sofa.
the girl in yellow wearing the red visor.
A woman wearing a visor.
The horse ridden by the jockey in a red hat and jersey.
the brown horse with the white mask.
an out of focus body of a cow behind two other cows.
The cow whose only body is seen not mouth.
giraffee on the left hand side next to another.
taller giraffe with head cut off.
A man wearing a hat on the far right.
an older gentlemen reflected in a mirror.
An chinese chef wearing white full handed shirt wearing cap is in the image.
A chef in a tall white hat to the left of another chef.
The guy on the skateboard.
Man riding skateboard in street.
Woman standing looking the rails at the ocean with a man seated on a brown bench.
A person reaching back while getting up off of a bench.
A person's  shoulder in a dark brown t-shirt.
A small wooden table with two small pizza.
The pizza on the right.
a blue chair directly behind of a coffee cup.
The chair that is behind the coffee cup.
A man without a shirt lays on a bed next to another man who is performing tricks on a bed.
A MAN IS LAYING ON A BED WEARING A CAP.
purple motorcycle in front of a motorcycle and three bikes.
Purple and black scooter driving on the road.
An arm with a short white sleeve.
this is the smeared arm and head of a person holding out a pizza.
a serving of broccoli on the right side of the plate.
the person behind the white colored shirt wearing person.
the person in green.
Train.
A yellow train is in the station with people walking away from it.
Horse looking back at another horse that is eating grass.
LARGE BLACK HORSE LOOKING TO HIS LEFT.
the less cooked bread in the oven.
The bottom half of the bagel.
big elaphant in the right.
A pile of cooked apples in a bowl.
The sliced apple food.
A man with glasses and a hat wearing a black shirt,.
A man in a white hat and glasses holding skis.
A tall giraffe standing in front of other two giraffes is looking on to the left.
A giraffe standing in the shade.
The couch on the right hand side.
a brown love seat.
Brown cow walking ahead of other cows on trail.
The brown cow that is in front of the group of cows.
A dog with a frisbee in its mouth.
A black and white dog jumping to catch a green frisbee.
A giraffe standing in between two trees, whose hind legs not visible.
giraffe standing on top of grass.
A book by JOHN SHORS.
A book entitled Beneath a Marble Sky.
The woman in the photo on the left.
car driving on road next to date stamp.
An old car driving down the street.
White bus with a driver inside.
A big white bus with an Asian driver wearing a blue shirt.
man on left.
A man wearing a gray shirt, playing Wii.
A back pack on the back of a girl who is standing in the middle of two bos.
A black laptop backpack on the back of a college student with skateboard deck on his back.
A white sink with silver taps and a built-in silver soap dispenser in a public restroom.
A sink.
an adult zebra lying on its side on the ground.
a zebra laying on the dirt.
The man in the white shirt crouching down.
The man in the white shirt.
The sheep furthest to the left.
A white and brown sleeping dog.
the dog sleeping in front o the other sleeping dog.
A man in a chair watching people play a game.
Man sitting on couch in checkered shirt, watching others play a game.
Giraffe hugging another giraffe.
The giraffe whose neck is shown.
The bus has two decks.
A double decker bus.
A person with curly hair wearing a floral shirt.
A woman with black curlu hair and a flowered shirt with her back turned behind a man in a suit.
A plate of food that is furthest from the viewer.
background of table top with plate on top.
A man jogging on the road with his head phones on ear.
A man in grey shorts and t-shirt wearing earbuds.
A double decker bus designated 2246 headed to Arica.
A yellow bus displaying ARICA.
A glass filled with a dark beverage.
A large glass of tea sits next to the meatlof.
A torso of a man in a stripped shirt.
Part of the upper body of a person wearing a blue striped shirt.
A shaggy adult sheep with big horns.
A shaggy sheep standing up.
The reflection of the man touching his head.
The man's image in the mirror fixing hair.
A pink umbrella being carried by a woman in a blue jacket.
A purple umbrella being held by an adult.
A boat between two other boats.
A canoe with water in it next to a short pier.
man holding basket of bread.
The man is holding bread in a basket.
a boat is parked in the water.
a modern white boat.
Woman sitting on a motor cycle behind a man.
woman sitting on back of motorcycle.
A red empty seat.q.
There are two identical red seats, this one is on the right.
A man wearing a brown shirt.
A man in a brown shirt holding a can.
a pizza with green toppings.
A pizza with green spinach on it loaded with cheese.
A brown leather sofa.
A brown recliner in a living room.
The bus with the destination sign.
a green old fashioned Krispy Kreme doughnut bus.
The shortest girl.
A shorter skier standing slightly apart from the others.
A light brown horse directly behind the dark brown horse and girl.
A horse that is behind the other horse.
A man laying down with finger beneath his nose.
man.
a little girl in a green shirt crawling out from under an umbrella another girl is holding.
A toddler with blonde hair and green shirt crawling out from an umbrella.
A black hatch back car in the foreground.
A black car beside a truck.
outer ring of donuts touching edge of box.
Boy in blue and grey uniform getting ready to kick the ball.
A boy in blue cleats getting ready to kick the ball.
The man on the left hand side with a cup.
The man with a cup in his hand.
The man is waiting to board the bus.
A man in a blue shirt.
A woman holding a can and throwing a frisbee.
A woman about to throw a frisbee while holding a beverage.
A man riding on a skateboard.
skateboarder with black shoes.
white colour horse.
A white horse.
An old microwave with a globe sticker on the front.
A microwave with a picture of the earth on it.
the bottom half of a man in red shorts on a bike.
A silver bike being riden by a man in rust colored shorts.
Woman with green shirt on.
A woman in a green sweater digging in her purse for change.
A man dressed up with a tie, being pulled to kiss a woman.
A man near to a girl to kiss her.
Person in a white shirt who is jumping off a skateboard.
a boy in a white shirt midair in a skateboarding jump.
the woman in the brown bikini.
a group of people relaxing on a boat soaking up some sun.
two person jumbing.
Two men jumping at the same time to catch a frisbee.
A man in a striped tie with glasses.
A bald man with glasses wearing a tan striped tie over a white button down shirt.
A rider in a red hooded jacket steers a motorcycle past a pedestrian.
A man in an orange coat and white helmet, riding a black scooter.
The largest giraffe that is standing straight up and the smaller one that is bending down.
A tall giraffe.
The zebra in front with its head down to the ground.
This zebra standing infront of the another zebra.
A green apple in the foremost part of a fruit bowl in between another green apple and an orange.
the larger green apple nearest to the camera.
book on the hand of the man standing in the front side of the image.
The booklet in the hand of the man with the lime green medal.
The torso and hands of a person.
The stomach of a man wearing a shirt and tie.
a boy wearing a blue and grey baseball uniform that has just finished a swing at bat.
The player to the right of the others.
A table with a pizza and two soda cans on it.
A table covered by a blanket with soda, pizza, flowers and an ashtray restin on top.
black metal chair.
The chair with the man in the white shirt and blue short's sitting in it.
train in the right most side of the image.
The train furthest from the train station platform.
THE BREAD ON RIGHT SIDE.
the right half of the sandwich next to the sauce.
A fried egg in a cupcake paper.
An egg cup on a breakfast plate.
the man wearing blue and standing next to the fence.
A man in a blue polo.
A small child in a green shirt frowning.
A young child looking back over her should next to her sibling in a field before large cattle.
A cat inside a pet carrier.
Cat in the carrying cage.
The bird in the front that's standing up.
The duck that is standing up on the ledge.
A man dressed in all white dodges a tennis ball.
Man in a white outfit hitting a yellow tennis ball.
The plants growing in a tuba.
a plant growing out of a tuba.
A baseball player in green swinging a bat.
A boy swinging a baseball bat.
A man with a grey color sweater.
A man wearing a sweater and black glasses.
The black sheep.
A ram with black wool.
A man in glasses.
A man on a bike wearing glasses.
The tallest white urinal.
A urinal high up on the wall.
first bus.
A blue and yellow bus going to Norwich.
The elephant with its back facing the camera.
The shorter of the two elephants.
The cargo cars that are together for the entire picture.
A little boy getting help from an older guy with his dress clothes on.
A little boy in white shirt and tie.
A right side horse.
a red umbrella opened for protection during a rain storm.
a red umbrella.
An wearing a shirt with n on it.
a man in jeans and grey shirt leaning on a desk.
Red vehicle on sign behind man.
An image of a red car.
A MAN IN THE BLACK SHIRT USING X BOX DEVICE.
A man in camo pants holding a game controller.
A white brush next to the coin purse with a yellow heart on it.
An angled white brush in the center of several grooming tools.
The top tier of a birthday cake.
The upper part of a birthday cake with balls on the bottom and a bow on top.
a young girl with blonde hair.
Blonde girl.
A white color plate having a kind of non vegetarian dish with some grenades.
A plate of food with a fork to the left and beverages in the background.
The umpire.
An umpire wearing a blue shirt and grey pants, standing behind a catcher wearing a yellow shirt.
A woman in a red suitcoat looking at a cell phone.
man with phone.
Bear cub on the right.
The bear on the right.
A young polar bear with no teeth showing.
A white polar bear with his eyes closed.
A white and blue coffee cup with designs of flowers.
A tea cup with blue flowers on it.
trailor with boat.
a truck with white covering.
piece of bread with the upper right corner missing.
bread sitting on a white plate next to the bananas.
A young giraffe who is short.
A giraffe to the right of a larger giraffe.
the couch on the far left.
left sofa.
A brown sheep.
Black sheep standing in between two other grey colored sheeps.
A man with a grey shirt and black dress pants.
The man standing closest to the pillows.
The girl wearing rose colour shirt.
A person in a blue shirt and blue jeans standing in the background.
The smaller, spiral bound book with a corner slightly hanging off the table.
a small notebook with a blue strip down the right side.
The green train to the left of the black and red train.
the green trainon the far left.
A man in a safety jacket with a bear behind him.
Policeman in protective gear holding a riot shield.
Tan coach with 5 pillows.
A white sofa closest to the wines.
The horse that is looking towards the motorcyles.
A white horse right of another.
person in white shirt.
the man in the white and grey shirt in the right hand picture.
A man in black playing Wii.
a man playing a video game wearing a black shirt.
the bag to the left of the dark blue bag.
The black backpack.
A little girl standing on the beach.
A cute small girl smiling behind the beach.
A girl in a red dress hugging a girl in a pink dress.
a little girl in a red dress.
The left-most animal with his head tilting right.
A baseball player about to throw the ball.
A man throwing a baseball in a baseball game.
the left door of the oven on which "BLODGETT" has been written.
A cat is laying at the end of the bed looking at the camera.
An orange cat is lying on a bed with another cat.
This slice of pizza has more cheese on it.
A brown and black couch in an orderly house.
The brown sofa with the two black pillows.
The zebra who is not standing up tall.
A giraffe lowering it's head next to another giraffe that is eating.
A black armchair on which a woman in a brown and white striped shirt is sitting.
A black chair with a girl sitting on it.
A woman whose hand is in front of a giraffe's mouth.
A blonde-haired lady in a blue denim jacket feeding a giraffe.
The bus with a white sign on the side.
A man wearing a white shirt with his hand moved close to his face.
A person sitting at a table with a white shirt and their hand raised up.
A woman sitting in sofa along with children.
a woman.
A boy in a grey suit.
man holding wine glass.
A man in gray clothes playing Frisbee.
man jumping to catch frisbee.
A man sitting in a chair.
A man sitting in a barber's chair getting his haircut.
the purse strap on the woman.
Brown purse strap.
A sandwich containing onions and lettuce.
The sandwich piece underneath and to the left of the other one.
A glass vase holding one flower.
A golfer with pink pants walking.
A woman holding a golf ball and golf club.
a bicycle with blue frames.
A Blue color cycle which is behind the man sitting without shirt.
A cup of water on a table with pizza on it.
A glass of water.
woman in red in the right hand picture.
a woman in all red with a beanie holding a snowboard.
a brown horse carrying a police officer in between two other horses.
large brown horse in the middle.
Black and white cat with it's right paw in the air.
A black and white cat with its paw in the air.
blue and red colored harley in the middle.
The red white and blue motorcycle.
A woman reading to a child.
Woman reading a book to her child.
child playing with game controller.
The guy who is holding the white controller behind the other guy.
A brown vase.
An amber-colored ornate vase to the left of two other ornate white vases.
A computer screen that has a blue background.
A computer monitor next to another monitor that is displaying gmail.
bench facing the mountains.
A woman with blonde hair is standing holding a glass.
A GIRL HOLDING WINE GLASS WITH SMILING FACE.
A woman in a black tank top and red skirt playing tennis.
a young blond girl with a black top and red tennis shorts readying her tennis racket to hit a ball.
Woman in a pink cardigan raising or lowering umbrella.
A dark haired woman wearing a sweater and jeans opening an umbrella.
Sheep with white face, laying down, far left of the picture.
The sheep sitting alone has a completely white face.
A table with white cloth that is behind the girl with sleeveless girl.
A man wearing glasses.
The man in a black shirt.
A pink umbrella with white and pink hearts.
Pink umbrella with white hearts being held by man in white t-shirt.
The man holding a surf board.
A dark-haired surfer in a wetsuit carrying his board out of the ocean.
A red sofa in the middle of the room.
a red couch with three people on it.
A small, tan dog lying on a green pillow on a hard wood floor.
A red dog with pointy ears sitting on a green cushion on the floor.
A girl in a plaid shirt filling a pot with water at the sink.
A woman in a plaid shirt.
Red umbrella with scalloped trim.
The big red umbrella next to the yellow umbrella.
A man laying on the ground with a football team uniform and helmet with his Taped fingers on the standing mans thigh.
A football player on the ground.
baseball player with bat.
Batter starting to run.
Two giraffes standing close to each other, one looks slightly bigger than the other.
A giraffe stands in the forefront of the picture.
A fork near the bottle with spices.
Fork laying on table between a margarita pizza and a vegetable pizza.
person in red.
A woman with different colored strings in her hair that is skiing.
A bird in the foreground.
A duck with a white face and brown body standing on rocks.
a boy sat on a chair.
A child in a chair.
The horse on the furthest right.
an elephanit wearing a headress.
An elephant holding the tail of another elephant in front of him.
A wooden bench on the left of two other benches.
bench on left.
a computer in the back.
A very old laptop computer sitting on a desk behind several other computers.
A smaller elephant standing to the left of a larger one.
The elephant to the left of the other elephant.
A ferry carrying trucks.
To boats carrying vegetables travelling in the water.
An elderly woman with white hair.
the first woman  from the front.
The Grey vehicle.
Dark Silver painted car parked outside the play ground where children playing baseball.
black mini fridge.
Small black freezer to the right of white refrigerator.
The picture of the pizza in the background is blurry.
A blurry pizza pie on the far side of the table.
skis under front person.
the skies the man in blue is on.
A fridge on which a hand symbol is drawn.
A door with a blue sticker on it.
The bottom half of the bird above the other birds.
The owl's tail that can be seen on top of the stand.
jockey with hat rides black horse.
jockey on horse holding the reigns.
The black and white dog.
A black and white dog.
Wooden boat.
A brown wooden boat on the shore.
rear most flower.
A flower in the rear blue jar.
A small table with drinks and cheese and pepper shakers.
the bench the toddler is sitting on in the right hand picture.
an computer monitor placed near to a apple mac desktop pc.
The smaller of two monitors.
A grey elephant to the left of another elephant.
Elephant with the upturned trunk.
Shiny brown motorcycle with two men standing in front of it.
A chrome and maroon motorcycle with its front facing the outside of the building.
train 8141 on the track.
A yellow train numbered 8141.
The dark tabletop behind the plates.
unshorn sheep.
A goat being chained up to some machine with a man holding it.
A woman in a red hat, looking at her phone.
woman wearing red ball cap looking at cell phone.
A small child looking at a pizza.
A young blonde child wearing a blue shirt staring at pizza.
A man in black looking away from the conversation.
A man dressed somewhat formally with his head turned away from the camera.
A meat sandwich on a white plate.
A partially eaten sandwich is on a plate.
left baguette.
The peice of bread to the left and behind the bowl.
A brown couch with four throw pillows sits against a wall.
There is sofa back of a woman with child.
A propeller driven plane.
Airplane on the bottom.
A young boy with a blue shirt.
A little boy looking up at a man.
man standing with number 42 on jacket back.
A man with black hair, a white jacket with the number 42 on the back,  and black pants.
A girl in a blue jacket holding an umbrella.
Woman in glasses wearing blue coat and holding umbrella.
A cop on a motorcycle behind another cop on a motorcycle.
A beige couch that is fully visible.
a grey couch sitting in a clean living room.
pile of brocilli.
A black car.
The back of a black car on a city street.
Man in blue shirt and blue jeans sitting  on the back of a pickup truck.
Man sitting on bed of SUV.
black bag being carried by man in blue shirt.
Carry-on bag being carried by man in blue shirt.
a lady with black top carrying two birds on her shoulders.
A woman in black has two small birds on her back shoulder.
A dark, way too thin horse on the snow.
There is an aeroplain  flying first in the sky.
Airplane flying upside down.
Couch with fewer items on it to the right of the one with many items.
A tan love seat with a vacuum handle behind it.
Spoon in a bowl of soup with green chives.
the small cup of soup.
a caucassian arm with a cats paw on it.
persons arm that the cat is hugging.
Woman at the sink.
Woman in white shirt washing dishes.
Half of a sandwich with lettuce next to a plate of chips.
the half of sandwich on the left.
A pizza with hot peppers and onions.
The pizza as lots of peppers, mozzarella cheese, and a variety of meat.
A man fixking an airplane.
Man in yellow shirt next to yellow by plane.
A woman who was wearing blue color jeans and black color coat.
Woman with a blue shirt on and a navy sweater over the shirt.
black color tshirt referee looking at the batsman in the baseball.
the umpire behind the catcher.
A very large ship called Aurora.
The giant cruise ship.
a girl wearing a bracelet brushing her teeth.
A girl brushing her teeth with two other girls behind her.
a white car.
The part of a car in the front.
A tan transportation vehicle, behind a camel.
Military Vehicle in front of white truck.
A sheep that has just given birth in a grassy field.
a white big sheep.
A woman in a brown jacket.
The woman wearing the blue headband and black pants.
The horse closest to the tree.
A horse with its tail blowing to the side.
A bird flying close to the crane.
small plane in front of large plane.
the plane in the backgroudn that's in full view.
An empty bottle of red wine Domaine Gourdon 2012.
A man in a black wet suit jumping off a surfboard.
A surfer falling of from their surfboard while riding a wave.
Zebra with its head behind the other zebra.
A zebra that is on the left and is not completely visible.
A catcher behind the plate.
A woman umpire crouching in front of another person.
The black motorbike.
A small motorcycle passes behind a woman leading a cow.
A young woman with brown hair holding a donut.
A women with a donut.
the reflection of a man brushing his teeth in a mirror.
Reflection of a bearded man brushing his teeth in front of the mirror.
the black horse on the left.
the black horse.
groom getting instruction before cutting the cake.
The groom.
black and white horse in stall with other horses.
the girafe with its head showing.
The cow laying down on the dirt.
A White cow which was lying down.
A toilet fixed to the wall, higher than a toilet on the left of it.
A clean toilet that is off of the floor.
The man with black hair and no arm bands shown.
A male chef taking some geren things out of a plastic container.
A person in a red jacket standing on skis.
A man wearing a blue helmet and a red and white jacket, standing on skis.
A glass of rice.
A clear glass sits on a white plate holding rice.
some bundles in the truck.
Large red bags in the back of truck.
a woman playing the guitar on guitar hero.
a grandmother wearing glasses and a blue shirt.
the horse with the black mane.
The pitcher in the foreground that had just thrown the baseball.
A man with one foot off the ground.
hotdog away from the water.
A slice of chocolate on the silver plate.
a woman in a teal dress.
A woman with glasses.
The sandwich in the middle being prepared.
A sandwich in between two sandwiches.
A child bouncing in the air.
A young girl who is jumping on the bed.
A man in khaki shorts watching a tennis match.
A MAN IS STANDING BEHIND A TENNIS PLAYER.
A red and white double decker bus parked to the right of a black car.
A double decker bus nex to the curb.
little girl on the left.
A young kid with a blue and white swim suit standing on the beach.
sheep with red on it right side.
A sheep turned to its left with a red mark on its back.
a black baggage with a note.
the black suitcase with the tag.
The blonde woman standing with a blue shirt and long brown shorts.
A woman standing in a kitchen with a blue shirt and brown shorts on.
An older woman with ski's.
A woman skiing.
A man in a grey hat carrying a camera is looking at an elephant.
Man carrying a camera while wearing a grey hat.
It is four forks sitting on a counter to the right of a birthday cake.
A fork which is on the other fork.
The giraffe with head up high.
A giraffe standing tall.
Adjacent motorcycle with top of wheel showing.
The motorcycle parked third in the row.
The woman wearing a scarf.
the lady with grey sweater.
Single bench with a single white foam cup.
A black park bench with a white cup on it.
A woman in a dress making her appear to look like a salmon.
A woman in a pink dress.
a man wearing a yellow coat and purple pants with red shoes.
A skier in a yellow jacket.
Train enging reading n.h. Trap Rock co.
A locomotive number 43.
A pair of giraffes that are crossing paths.
A giraff in front of another one loking left.
Person in background with red slippers on.
A person lying in a chair with only their body showing, wearing shoes and a green, blue covering on their upper legs.
the bench on the right.
the rightmost bench.
Right chair in set of 2 chairs.
The front end of a black van driving in front of a large green van.
Dark colored Chevrolet car.
A zebra facing to the left.
The left-most zebra.
A girl with the number nine on her uniform.
A soccer player.
The right side of a bench that a woman with a white shirt is seated on.
a wood chair.
an empty picnic table bench.
empty bench.
Tan coffee table with brown trim.
A coffee table with a remote and a magazine sitting on it.
A lady in purple, black and green dress is talking in phone is holding a kid.
A black shoulder bag being carried by a lady with a little girl.
A zebra with its front leg slightly raised, and another zebra looking on from behind it.
A zebra running with another zebra behind it.
A brown horse with a blue blanket on it's back.
A horse with full view.
The front face of a wii remote with direction symbols and buttons.
The rectangular wii remote.
A sandwich with lettuce and cucumbers in it.
the sandwich open to the camera.
A round table next to the girls elbow.
A table where a woman eating a large donut is seated.
Boy with yellow shirt jumping.
The boy in yellow catching the frisbee.
A boy playing on a wii u with sunglasses on.
a women sitting on sofa.
a person wearing a blue hoodie.
An Asian man wearing a hoodie sweatshirt while holding a plate of food.
An elephant with a man on it's back facing towards the camera.
Elephant that is getting a bath by blonde haired man.
the first wine glass from the front.
The wine glass with the dark red wine that obscures the glass of white wine.
a green truck visible in the mirror.
A blue truck appears in the rear-view mirror.
A white dog sitting on a red leather chair.
A white dog on a red couch.
A woman with a white shirt and blue hat petting a horse standing by some children.
A person wearing a blue hat.
A man in a black jacket sitting at a bar.
A man sitting at the bar with a brown leather jacket on.
A slice of pizza with tomatoes and cheese.
A baseball player wearing all white standing in the batters box with a black bat.
A baseball player in a white outfit.
A man reading a book on a sofa.
man in the middle reading a book.
The young girl in the light blue sweater with capris and pink shoes.
A small girl in a white sweater.
An entire pizza inside of a pizza box that has onions peppers and olives on it.
Entire vegetable pizza.
The lady playing Wii.
A woman with a remote control.
The train with the windows visible.
A white and red subway bus next to a black train.
A very cold bottle of alcohol.
A cold bottle of white wine.
white boy.
Boy running kicking a soccer ball in black and green tennis shoes.
a slice of pizza with tomatoes on a plate.
A blue kit is in the air next to a tree.
A blue kite in a tree.
a brown wooden spoon with its handle carved like and animal face looking upwards.
A salad in a brown bowl for a meal.
a salad bowl filled with a fresh green spring mix.
A child with a toy in the right hand walking to another child.
A kid in a blue sweater.
A large grown cow standing next to a bike.
A brown cow standing behind a blue bike and a blue barrel.
A person with short hair wearing a light long sleeved top, dark long pants and holding a wii controller in their right hand.
A woman in a white shirt and blank pants is holding a remote control.
a baseball catcher in red pads.
a catcher wearing red and white.
woman holding a child.
lady standing behind a child.
The biggest bunch of bananas.
A KEY CHAIN DOLL ON A VANITY BAG.
The chair against the wall behind the boy getting ready to kick the ball.
A chair in the background that is being blocked by player in gray uniform.
The chair is in black colour.
brown leather work chair behind desk.
A bird that is standing behind the other bird.
A bird on the left with it's beak slightly open.
the front right part of a blue car in the corner.
The tip of the car to the left of the photo.
A woman with red hair wearing khaki capris and holding a digital camera.
the lady with camera in hand.
A giraffe standing in front of another giraffe.
the giraffe staring at the camera.
The man in the jacket.
A man in a jacket on his laptop.
a mug of baby food with a green spoon in it.
A jar with baby food and a spoon sticking out of it.
The person in the blue shirt that is mostly unvisible.
A waiter stands next to the table after delivering 3 pizzas to the customers.
A man in a plaid shirt standing next to a man in a grey shirt holding a wii controller.
The man in the checkered shirt.
the back of a man wearing a white shirt and sitting on a chair.
The chair where the man in white is sitting.
bottom oven door.
The door of the bottom oven.
Left side of a two piece parking meter.
the parking meter on the left.
Elephant facing towards a red cement wall.
An elephant facing towards a red wall to the right of another elephant facing away from the wall.
This is a bowl of red fruit.
Bowl of red fruit, in sauce.
Couch the man is sitting on.
The chair the man is sitting on.
The table and all the items on it in front of the man.
The drink on the table.
Older woman with glasses in the background.
A woman in a white shirt and glasses standing behind two women in bright orange vests.
A cat to the left of two other cats.
A giraffe standing tall with it's head up.
A giraffe standing.
A black dog standing between a human and another dog.
the dog with its mouth closed.
A motorcycle that's partially obscured by a different motorcycle.
A guy riding a motorcycle slightly behind and to the right of another motorcycle with an American flag in the image.
The tan chair that is sitting directly next to the short, red, luggage.
tan chair.
A red and green unbrella on top of a green table.
A table umbrella.
A man with white T-shirt on the tennis court.
A man in a white shirt getting ready to hit a tennis ball.
the white bus.
The white bus with blue design on side with driver and tour guide at windshield.
The round yellow fruit to the left of the bananas.
The hand about to catch the frisbee.
a hand in the air moving in front of some slats.
a woman with long brown hair.
The woman on the left.
a chili dog on the left of another hot dog with a woman pretending to lick it.
hotdog covered in chili.
red color cloth in the left upper corner.
Person with red shirt in the top left corner.
yellow umbrella sits inside a table.
A large barge that is grey.
THE WAR SHIP PARKED IN THE PORT.
The man in the gray sweater in the middle of the people.
a man in a grey cardigan sweater and denim jeans.
A young woman with black hair cutting apples.
A woman with dark hair sitting on a stool.
The girl in the red with golden boots.
A woman laying on a bed in pink shirt with checked shirt and man in glasses.
A black cow with white spots grazing.
a brown and white cow to the right of three other cows.
the girl with the horse-tale hair style.
Girl with blonde hair in pony tail and maroon sweater.
A shirtless man is playing tennis in blue shorts.
A shirtless man holding a tennis racquet.
A couple smiling for a picture.
Man wearing glasses and a tie.
The man standing behind the tree branch.
A man standing in front of a bush.
A zebra standing eating hay.
A zebra eating grass while other is sitting near it.
A man wearing a white shirt and long khakis standing on skis next to a woman.
The man with the white shirt.
A black horse stands at the beach.
a black horse standing on the beach by a brown horse.
The girl with the red bandana.
a girl throwing a frisbee.
black color handbag.
purse next to a woman.
A young giraffe eating something from a pole to the right of another giraffe.
A zebra eating from a large wooden pole.
a plant with long slender green leafs.
Some green leaves sit above the wheels.
A slice of pizza that is close to a wine bottle.
The slice of pizza which is closest to the black object in the back ground.
A polo player is riding a horse chasing towards a ball, and preparing to strike the ball.
The horse under the guy wearing a yellow shirt.
A man in red riding a horse.
A man with cap on the head riding the horse.
Guy with curly hair doing tricks on a skateboard.
The skateboarder who has caught air off his skateboard.
A hotdog that is covered in mayo and gravy.
A woman in a blue shirt sitting on a bench with her hands behind her back and someone else's hands acting as her own.
Woman on the front part of the bench.
Strawberry shortcake.
strawberry cake.
arm with white sleeve.
A person in a white top and black shorts.
person in a red shirt's right arm.
An arm of a person wearing a red shirt.
The adult giraffe is walking.
Adult giraffe walking through brush.
a black and brown dog laying on a mat.
The brown and black dog.
The sofa in the corner of the room.
love seat with green pillow and black pillow.
A sheep being fed by a little girl.
The animal that's being pet by the people.
A LARGE TV STAND DARK BROWN COLOR.
The brown cabinet around the TV.
A pair of red and blue skis being held by a child.
a tipper lorry slanting its bo.
Truck dumping.
woman leaning over holding cell phone to ear.
A woman holding a phone.
A smiling boy wearing a white shirt.
A man in a plaid hat and white shirt smiling on a sunny day.
The girl wearing a blue shirt standing up playing the video game.
a woman standing up holding a will remote.
An elephant standing in the middle of three other elephants.
The elephant who is facing sideways toward the camera.
double decker bus next to a green bus.
a blue bus.
A large monitor displays a lotus flower.
A very large flat screen monitor with a still image of a flower on it.
A gray keyboard and black pad sitting on a white desk.
The keyboard mostly obscured by the desk.
a green be with red pillow near a woman opening a coke.
a twin bed that is nearest to the woman standing next to the window.
One half of a sandwich leaning against a whole sandwich.
Half of a meat sandwich laying on top of the other sandwich.
A trio of zebras looking off to the distance.
all the zebras.
the tin with the rice in the dish.
A can of rice stew.
Brown and white female cow walking through grass with their hooves covered in mud.
The biggest brown and white cow.
A teacup next to the knife.
The cup on the plate.
Blurred woman.
A woman wearing pink and combing her hair.
A pizza with red sauce and green leaves is pictured slightly blurred in the background.
A margherite pizza that is to the left of another pizza.
black color lorry in the right most end of the image.
truck parked to right side of black truck.
A deli worker behind a deli counter wearing a white apron and hat.
chef preparing food.
An airplane in an airport with Delta words.
The Delta airplane is on the runway.
sliced bananas on a plate with a topping.
4 piences of banana on top of a cake.
A red car.
red car in background.
A man carrying a surfboard.
a shirtless man carrying a surfboard.
a curved sectional couch in the middle of a room.
A brown sofa in the middle of the livingroom.
cathcer waiting for the ball.
A catcher about to catch a baseball.
The giraffe that is peeking around the tree trunk.
The giraffe whose neck is behind the tree.
A female cow in the middle of other two cows grazing.
The large brown bull that you can see the entire body that is in the middle.
girrafe in the back.
The pie on the right side in the baking pan.
pie in the black tin with a piece cut out.
the bottom banana in the right hand picture.
The bottom banana in the fruit basket.
The man is typing on his cell phone with both hands.
A man's hands that are touching a cell phone.
A baby smiling.
A child with a white t-shirt laughing towards us.
guy without shirt.
Shirtless man.
A black haired woman wearing blue jeans and a black shirt.
A young woman with dark hair, wearing a black shirt and jeans, standing with her arms folded.
The plate in the background is piled high with food.
plate piled high with food.
A rounded wooden back rest of chair.
all-wood chair.
A white single engine plane is parked next to a yellow single engine plane in a field.
A white plane.
man in the back side with black color dress.
the man whose hands are visible in the top right corner of the photo.
A blue and purple kite.
A BLUE AND VIOLET COLOR KITE FLYING BY A BAY.
short haired woman wearing loose sweater.
A zebra attempting to mate with another zebra.
A zebra attempts to mount another zebra.
apples lower right side.
the cow closest to the camera.
Cow standing on the right with a blue bow on it's head.
A skateboard on display on the top.
An unfinished skateboard deck hangs atop brackets on a wall above another.
Pink surfboard.
a surboard being held by a man.
the light colored cat who is laying down.
A grey striped cat on his side.
woman wearing black dress.
A woman in a black dress with blonde hair.
A colorful piece of a chocolate cake with colored frosting.
Slice of chocolate cake with a variety of frosting and gummy bears.
A woman wearing a gold earring, looking at an ipad that she's holding upright with her two hands.
A chair being sat on by a girl with long brown hair.
A white chair, where a woman wearing white is sitting.
A person in a light shirt and dark pants sitting on the ground.
the person sitting behind the skateboard in the right hand picture.
A red bus travelling down the street.
A large red and tan bus.
A WEARING YELLOW T-SHIRT CAP & JEANS LOOKING SOMETHING ON MOBILE PHONE.
A man in a yellow jacket and a black hat stands beside someone in a black hoodie.
A close up of a keyboard with the ? symbol in the front.
this is a close up of the keyboard.
Train boxes - starting from the blue and going left 4 boxcars.
The entire section of train cars with the blue tanks at the back.
DHL Cargo Van.
White van with DHL logos on the back and side.
A boy in a black jacket and black pants reaches towards the sky.
A person flying a kite.
Young man in a black sweater and plaid pants sitting on a stool at a black granite countertop playing a game.
A man sitting on a stool in a dark long sleeved shirt and plaid pajama pants playing a wooden board game with another man.
A brown dog with a green frisbee in its mouth.
The dog with the green frisbee.
The blackberries and peaches in a cup.
The container with the blakberries.
the girl with red tie.
The lady on the right with the red necktie.
A peacock in the middle.
A lady with short brown hair.
A woman in a black shit with her hands under her chin.
A man with glasses staring down at an object in his hands while wearing skis.
The person that is wearing glasses.
the laptop on the left.
this is a laptop being looked at by a man in a white shirt.
A green bench with the paint scraped off.
The green bench in front of the tree has peeling paint on it.
A woman in a straw hat.
Woman wearing a sun hat and white scarf.
Shiny stop sign reflecting light.
The stop sign in the foreground.
A table with plates of pizza.
a kitten with a black spot on its nose sits on a pink cushion.
A black and white cat on top of an orange pet bed next to another black and white cat.
An older black keyboard on the top of a desk, next to a whit Xbox 360 controller.
Black keyboard under a computer screen.
A dark colored SUV.
The black car with a bicycle on the back at the end of the cars nearest the horse.
A jet leading three other jets in flight.
A jet leading three other jets.
A guy in a red shirt sitting on a bench while another guy jumps over him on a skate board.
Boy sitting down in the red t-shirt.
A black bear leading another bear on a log over a rushing river.
The bear where you can see his/her face.
section of table in lower left corner.
A small piece of decorated rock, in front of a cooked pizza.
The man that is wering orange trunks.
The man in the red shorts who is kneeling over.
A man wearing a black shirt and holding game controllers.
A man is sitting in the chair playing the wii.
Giraffe standing behind a rock on the ground with other giraffes.
left most giraffe.
A table that a boy is sitting at.
A wooden picnic table with toy dinosaurs on top of it.
a cup of white tea latte sitting on a table.
The white Starbucks cup on the left side of the photo.
A sofa with 4 red cushions.
A red sofa rests in a living room.
Empty water goblet.
Empty, clear glass on the table.
A black dog with green collar who is looking behind itself.
The black dog with the green collar looking backwards.
a man wearing jeans, and shoes with blue shoelaces.
A man performing a jump on a skateboard.
Man walking with a woman with left foot forward.
A man wearing khaki pants and an olive jacket walking away from the camera.
A black horse decoration on a cake.
Three hot dogs with ketchup, mustard, and relish.
The hot dog second in line from the right.
Couch with three girls sitting on it, partial bodies of the girls in the picture.
The couch the three girls are sitting on.
A man crouching down while riding a skateboard.
man squatting on skateboard.
A cup of coffee with a few drops spilling.
A white cup of coffee with drips down the sid3.
A cow that is closer to the brick wall.
The cow to the far left.
player wearing blue jersey.
A boy in a blue and white Elks uniform runs for the base.
A girl just jumped from the bench and in air.
The girl jumping off the bench.
a girl wearing purple standing in front of a tennis net.
The girl wearing all purple.
The person who has not fallen.
The man skiing is next to the fallen skier.
The shorter of the two male volleyball players with facial hair.
A volleyball player on the left of a group of players.
A red double-decker bus seen from the back and above as it drives away down the street.
A red double decker bus in front of a black car.
white semi truck behind yellow jeep.
A white semitrailer.
A double coloured car parked along with another car in a parking area.
GOLD AND WHITE TRUCK.
man with hat on, standing to left side.
the person on the left.
A person on skis in a green shirt and orange pants.
A girl in a green coat and red pants on skis.
A bench in a paddle boat with a person wearing green sitting, and a person holding a red jacket sitting.
wooden boat on the water.
A woman wearing a red coat.
A woman in a maroon jacket.
A pizza missing a slice.
Pizza on pan with slice removed.
the catcher.
The catcher is behind the plate.
A man with no shirt and dark jeans skate boarding inside.
A man with no shirt on.
the snowboard of the man on the farthest left.
The brown cat on the left.
A bookshelf full of books.
A set of books neatly organized on a shelf.
A baby with a lot of hair, wearing a light shirt and darker shorts, being carried by a woman as it pets the horse.
A child petting a horse.
A box truck being towed going down the road.
The small truck was in red and white colour.
The zebra closest to the green plant.
A girl with a headband.
The side of a girl's head with long blonde hair and a headband.
a women was smilling.
A woman in a green shirt.
a beige couch.
Tan couch on the left that has a pillow with circles on it.
The part of the table to the top and right of the platter that the pizza is sitting on.
The part of the table to the top and right of the platter that the pizza is sitting on.
a zebra on white sand behind a rock with head near sand.
Zebra that is behind the rock, 2nd zebra from the left.
Glass that is half full behind the slice of pizza dish.
A dark beer half empty sitting next to a plate of pizza.
Surfer with white top on carrying the white surfboard.
A surfer wearing a white shirt holding a white surfboard.
A yellow train moving on the tracks.
A yellow train on the tracks.
baby zebra nursing.
Baby zebra suckling on his mother.
A whip cream creation for a dessert plate.
Decorative pile of whip cream on a white plate.
The man with a white polo shirt.
A man in a white polo.
the flowers on the right.
the flowers on the right.
A giraffe walking behind another giraffe.
A giraffe walking on a trail behind another giraffe.
a giraffe eating leaves off boulders.
A giraffe standing in front of rock eating bushes that are growing on the rock.
A woman with a grey hat and glasses standing next to a grey horse.
A woman in a hat holding a camera.
The mouth of a larger giraffe caressing the middle giraffe.
Giraffe's tongue licking another giraffe.
Table covered with placemat, plate and fork.
A fish steak and broccoli next to a white cup on a striped place mat.
An elephant in the zoo trying to eat grass.
An elephant standing in water with its trunk sticking out of a fence.
a woman skiing.
a man in a white jacket.
Lounge chair and man's pants.
The brown chair behind the man with glasses.
A white a plane on a tarmac.
The white plane.
The chair next to the couch that has designs on people on it.
An afghan on the couch that is onnocupied.
A person in a blue swim suit in the water.
The young boy wearing blue and black clothing.
The brown wooden bench.
A park bench near a body of water.
There is a bed exactly in front of the tv.
Double-sized bed with multi-colored blanket.
double decker blue bus facing camera.
The blue bus fully seen.
a person in black sweater.
a woman wearing a long sleeve black shirt and jeans.
A fuzzy carrot laying across a card with an address on it.
A fake carrot to the left of another fake carrot.
A pizza server under a slice of unserved pizza.
The pizza server.
Oranges on a market rack.
the group of oranges sitting at the bottom.
Bear biting at another bear in the water.
A bear snaps at another bear in a river.
This is a knife next to some broccoli.
A brown handled knife.
A man in a white jacket.
A man walking with his hands locked behind his back.
A young zebra on an African prairie with two other zebras.
THE SMALL STANDING ZEBRAS WHOSE HEAD IS NOT FULLY VISIBLE.
A person wearing a baseball cap and a blue shirt, talking on a cell phone.
The person in the baseball cap taking on the phone.
The man in white.
A guy wearing a white shirt sitting down on a blue chair.
the table next to the clip.
the leather brown chair near the cat.
Brown chair.
The woman who is being hugged.
A young woman smiling at the camera wearing a cable knit sweater.
car next to sign facing forward.
Front of white van that says Tobinco.
A man holding to his luggage bag.
A man holding the luggage bag.
MAN EATING HOT DOG.
Guy eating a hotdog.
This is the sheep closest to the fence.
the sheep in the far right end.
There is a chair on the left side of the table that is partially hidden.
The part of the sandwich in someone's hand.
A sandwich held in someone's left hand.
woman looking in fridge.
a woman wearing a red shirt looking inside an open fridge.
a sink with a faucet to its right.
sink on left.
The man with the mustache.
A man wearing glasses and a pin striped shirt is smiling.
A red suitcase inbetween other bags.
A red suitcase, placed behind a plaid bag.
the dark red car with the black top.
A BROWN COLOURED CAR PARKED NEAR ANOTHER CAR.
A woman in pink shoes with her legs crossed.
Women with blue and black plaid leggings,pink shoes,and white bag.
man on left.
A man holding a pink umbrella that has hearts.
The chicken in the middle.
the largest brown and black chicken in the middle.
a large cat standing close to a  sitting cat in the bathtub.
A big cat in a tub.
Brown wooden table behind the man.
A mother elephant comforting her baby with her tusk.
The larger elephant.
cooked chicken.
a piece of fish with vegetables is on a table.
A person wearing a blue raincoat holding a multi colored umbrella.
Person holding a multi colored umbrella.
The motorcycle behind the taller man.
A motorcycle to the right of another.
The clock facing the christmas tree.
The face of the clock near the Christmas tree.
A BULLET PARKED IN THE LAST.
parked 1st bike to the far left.
This is the right half of a sandwich.
Half of a sandwich farthest from the utensils.
The boat that the woman in red is riding.
The boat has a small motor.
The glass with the red liquid that is also located at the bottom left area.
The glass on the bottom right which is close the wrist watch.
A silver sink on the right.
The sink basin to the right of the hole.
cup.
Entire larger cow on the right.
A woman in a white shirt and blue apron with food gloves on.
A woman with gloved hands stands beside a man making sandwiches.
Woman in a black shirt helping prepare food.
A woman in a black shirt standing in front of a table with plates of food.
A striped chair.
A single seated sofa in which a man is sitting with his dog.
The man with the orange shirt.
man in orange shirt.
A girl wearing glasses and a pink shirt.
an Asian girl with a pink shirt eating at the table.
The man in the portrait.
A black-and-white photograph of a man wearing a jacket and bow tie.
white truck on the right top corner.
A white semi truck parked facing a car.
a large elephant with baby against her.
The right side of an adult elephant with a baby elephant facing the adult so that it's backside is seen in the picture.
a blonde haired man holding a tie.
the person with white hair.
a woman holding the cake.
The person standing in all black with their right hand near the cake.
the house with pillars.
A two story model building with columns.
The bigger kite with the purple stripe.
black, purple, and white kite.
A tall tree near some people.
The palm tree in the planter.
A horse standing on a road with cart.
The horse on the right.
A refridgerator door made of stainless steel next to a woman.
Glass behind a plate of donuts.
water glass behind the donut plate.
An open backpack next to a blue container.
person holding and open backpack that is resting on the ground.
The bicyicle closet to the camera.
The smaller cycle driven by the girl with a sleeveless top.
A old man  who wearing glass looking a young women.
AN OLD MAN IS SITTING NEAR A WOMAN HOLDING AN UMBRELLA.
A bear laying in the dirt.
Bear sleeping in the wilderness with another bear sleeping on a rock.
the baby sheep in the snow with its parent.
A small sheep with red spray paint on its wool.
the food on the paper plate directly in front of the camera.
A hot dog with the works.
A young boy in a blue jacket and skis.
A boy wearing a blue jacket on skis in the snow.
A wooden chest on the bottom of other vintage luggage.
A suitcase at the bottom of a stack of suitcases.
simi truck.
A transport container which is in the traffic.
school busses.
A standard sized school bus parked next to a smaller school bus.
A slice of pizza closest to us.
The bottom quarter of this pizza.
A smaller zebra in front of a larger zebra.
the smaller, younger zebra in front.
The surfboard with the blonde chick.
a brown teddy bear wearing a multicolor scarf.
A tan teddy bear wearing a multicolored pastel scarf, sitting next to a similarly dressed white teddy bear.
The black car behind the crowd of people.
A lounge chair to the left of another lounge chair.
A striped beach chair to the left of the other beach chair.
the womans skis.
the bread to the right.
The rightmost of two loaves of bread.
A silver truck with a orange snowplow attached to the front of it.
grey truck in the back of the picture.
a man holding a pink frisbee.
male, second from left, wearing gray sweater and holding red frisbee.
The cup with the most beer.
Fullest glass of beer.
The animal behind the elephant.
The elephant shown behind the elephant that is standing on the soccer ball.
Person standing on right of a table in red holding a knife.
A mother cutting the cake with a short knife and a red jacket.
a red plaid umbrella in front of 2 other umbrellas.
A red, white and blue plaid umbrella.
A Sand vase which is adjacent to the black and white dog.
A clay plantar with a small tree or bush.
light blue suitcase below black and yellow backpack.
The blue luggage that the yellow/brown backpack is on top of.
A small green and brown plane on the floor.
A green camo plane.
the bowl with cheese and soup on the right in the right hand picture.
bowl with a spoon facing west in it.
A person walking behind a skateboarder.
The back of a person in the background.
The hot dog to the left.
The hot dog that is on the outermost left hand side of the plate.
A white cat having black hair on head sleeping hiding her face with another cat.
the head of a white and black cat.
black rolling luggage carried by man in blue sweatshirt.
Big black suitcase on little black wheels pulled by a guy in a blue jacket.
A giraffe nuzzling another giraffe's neck.
A man in a brown coat and yellow hat.
man sitting down wearing brown jacket and yellow beanie.
An elderly man wearing a button up shirt and blue jeans and holding a game controller in his hand.
A man standing.
the black motorcycle with a man wearing a light blue shirt and a woman wearing a red shirt.
A motorcycle with a male and female passengers.
An airplane taking off.
An airplane with France on the side flying away.
A man, wearing glasses, eating a sandwich.
A man in a white shirt wearing classes.
Reflection of cat in mirror.
The reflection of a fluffy black cat.
A motorcycle covered in NO signs.
A side car with signs on it.
A lady in blue with hands out.
A woman with a blue vest.
A bed sitting nearest the short wall.
The bed closest to the half wall.
A pizza on a plate at the head or the end of the table.
A pizza that is nearer to the camera than the other pizza.
A loveseat to the right of a similar loveseat.
woman in black outfit.
A young woman underneath a pink umbrella.
A orange near the apple on a fruit basket.
There is an orange between the lemon and the lime.
Small orange tote in front of cat.
A bad that is not one of the 3 suitcases all lined up.
bus.
yellow and blue bus.
A man in a red-checked shirt standing behind a woman holding up a glass of red wine at a celebration.
a large person in a red plaid button front shirt.
A soccer player in a blue uniform with white shorts, rushing forward for the ball.
the man wearing a blue shirt.
A BIG FATTY MAN.
AMAN SITTING THE BIKE WITH GIRL FRIENDS.
sofa chair in a room.
An empty seat on a blue sofa at a party.
A white surfboard near the curb.
The surfboard of the man with the wetsuit with red trim.
A red armchair underneath two pieces of art.
red sitting chair.
Three seat brown couch on the right of room.
couch facing the fire place.
A CHILD WITH TEDDY BEAR.
A boy in red shirt holding a white bear.
A woman showcasing something and has an image of a hunched-over cartoon character behind her.
Woman with both feet on the ground.
A man in a pink cap holding a bunch of bananas in each hand.
man with bananas.
A urinal beneath a poster.
A white urinal with a poster above it.
Giraffe behind the first giraffe touching the fence.
The giraffe with its head nearest the men.
A large sheep with a baby sheep.
A mother goat sitting in front of a moss covered stone wall with her kid sleeping next to her.
the man in the left.
A short person wearing a long tie.
A cake with a heart and blue shoes made of icing on it.
A flowery cake with blue shoes and a name on it.
An elephant that has two people riding on it.
An elephant carrying a chair with people on it.
The bird on the right.
bird seen in profile on the woman's shoulder.
the man in the grey shirt wearing a hat.
A man on a motored raft with a grey tee shirt and black cap.
A MAN IS RUNNING WEARING 17 NUMBER JERSEY.
A man wearing a red shirt with #17 on it.
A piece of cheese covered broccoli between two other pieces.
Center pile of broccoli with cheese.
the airplane furthest left.
The back of a plane.
A sleeping infant with red hair.
Baby laying on a pregnant woman's stomach.
a bull nearest the cart.
Black chair that is to the left of the tv.
A black chair with wooden arms.
A TALL GIRAFEE IN AN OPEN AREA.
A very tall giraffe to the right of another giraffe.
The compartment that is holding corn.
A man wearing a red shirt walking and carrying something.
A man in a red shirt and bluejeans walking quickly.
half of sandwich out of focus behind potatoes.
the blurry person in the background wearing a tank top on the right of the photo.
Chair on which man with mustache is sitting.
The chair under the man who is holding a coffee.
Far right jet.
The plane directly above the smoke trail.
A professional baseball player wearing the number 32, giving a high five.
man jersey weiters.
A man in a grey coat and wearing eyeglasses.
White haired man with glasses holding something red around his neck.
A player swinging a bat.
A child in green swinging a bat.
An oven with a gold-colored door.
a yellow oven.
white woman.
A smiling caucasian woman.
a black cow is laying down in the grass.
black animal laying in grass.
Tail end of plane with SAS on back.
plane with SAS on tail.
The hotdog furthest from the glass of water.
Red cabbage on top of a sandwich and french fries.
A black car riding down street near white car.
A slightly blue car in which you can see the rear-view mirror.
Apple being cut.
Peeled slices of apple being chopped by a knife.
The orange on the right.
A juicy ripe orange sits to the right of yet another orange.
a woman sitting with her legs crossed in a pink and purple shirt.
a woman with black pants.
a lamb with its tail up.
a tredi bear animals in the ground.
the man rowing the boat.
a woman paddling.
The bicycle of the person walking the dog.
Bicycle with black wheels.
A part of a hotel bed.
2ND HOTDOG FROM LEFT.
The longest sausage not right next to the beans.
A giraffe that is drinking water in front of another giraffe.
A giraffe spreads its legs and bends its neck to drink some water.
the dining knife.
The silver knife next to the plate of food.
A blonde chef preparing food in a kitchen.
The worker between two black lamps.
A flat screen computer monitor and a gaming controller.
A computer monitor and an xbox controller.
A zebra standing next to a baby zebra on a grassy plain.
Large black and white zebra standing in a field beside a smaller zebra.
the horse on the right.
horse with lady on top.
a baby with computer.
child on left looking at laptop.
the two pieces of broccoli on the left.
the three pieces of broccoli on the far left of the plate.
A bike being rolled by a girl.
A bicycle next to a standing woman.
highest flying pink, orange, and yellow kite.
A red, orange, yellow and black kite that is flying higher than all other kites.
A shadow of a black car.
The dark SUV.
A large black bag that has white writing and is on a man's shoulder.
A black bag with white writing hanging over a man with glasses shoulder.
A spoted unbrella.
A polka dot umbrella being held by a woman in a long black coat.
A MAN LOADING LUGGAGE IN A CAR BACKSIDE.
A man in khaki shorts, a yellow shirt and sunglasses packing a vehicle.
A man holding a tennis ball and racket.
A man preparing to serve in a tennis match.
The Orioles mascot wearing an Orioles hat.
The black and orange mascot.
A small cow that is standing next to a larger cow.
A brown and white calf standing in a grassy field next to a larger cow.
A woman with black hair and wearing glasses applying red sauce to the bread.
Asian woman feeding her two kids.
A girl with orange goggles who is skiing behind another girl.
A lady in purple shirt and black pant is skiing behind the other.
bowl of white rice.
A bento box of white rice and a small bottle of soy sauce.
white couch.
A couch against the wall.
the man skiing.
A man on a snowboard.
Glazed donut on the left with a red, pink, and yellow candle.
The blurry goose waits while his partner eats some grass.
A very blurry goose behind a non-blurry goose.
The man throwing the ball from the picther's mound.
The player pitching the ball.
A boy wearing a white cap kicking a ball.
The child kicking the ball in light blue shorts and a dark blue shirt.
A catcher sitting in a baseball play.
A catcher behind the batter.
desk chair not being occupied.
A woman wearing a pink coat and riding a motorcycle.
helmet weared person riding motor cycle.
The girl with the pink shirt has sunglasses on.
The girl in pink.
A giraffe to the left of three other giraffes.
the giraffe in the left.
A man in a red shirt and khaki shorts helping a toddler with a light blue shirt and dark blue shorts and hat skate board.
a man teaching a kid to skateboard.
A sandwich on a roll in the front of the case.
A white truck on a street with its light on.
A WHITE COLOURED TRUCK IS ON THE ROAD.
A man in a blue shirt is holding a bottle.
the person holding the water bottle.
The bat of the man on the left.
the baseball bat of the man on the left.
Red and beige motorcycle.
A motorcycle in front of three men.
The orange truck and trailor closest to the orange box truck.
Pizza with pizza cutter that has black handle under it.
A small pizza next to a much larger pizza.
A cup of water behind a plate.
A glass of water sweating with condensation, ice melted, at a dinner table in a restaurant.
A man in a white shirt and brown shorts holding a red tennis racket.
A man in the middle wearing a white shirt and brown shorts.
A middle aged asian women.
An Asian woman with a green apron is at the market.
One baby wearing green swarter is using spoon in her mouth.
girl sitting in table and eating cake.
Strawberries and cream in an fruit/snacks tray.
One bowl of strawberries and one of baby carrots.
A Coca Cola truck making a left turn.
A red Coca Cola truck on the road.
A skate boarding being held straight up.
skateboard in middle of image that is upright.
A giraffe with a mostly white face in front of some trees.
Head of the shorter giraffe on the left.
Side of passenger bus, parked behind another passenger bus.
The bus that is closest to the building.
An elephant which is partially blocked from view by the elephant in front.
The cell phone on top.
the phone in pink.
teenager.
a boy's face next to a woman in a sweater playing the wii.
A man wearing a button up shirt throwing frisbee's.
A man wearing a black shirt undershirt.
Bed furthest away with red decorated blanket and wooden head board.
Bed close to window with dark red sheets.
a person wearing the dress.
a man holding a drink.
Edge of square shaped bowl.
bowl with chips.
asian man in black suit holding cup.
A man closest to the television.
A man in blue and White skiing.
The man wearing a blue shirt under his white numbered top.
A giraffe with its head over a fence in front of two other giraffes.
the giraffe closest to camera.
woman on her knees in bottom left picture.
leftmost bottom lady on her knees.
A silver and blue van is parked next to a motorcycle.
A ash color van named 'service department' is parked in a parking bay.
Boy in the blue jacket.
A boy in a blue jacket and plaid pants holding a tag.
A black and brown kitten with it's tail dangling down.
center cat.
A black and gray backpack.
The black and grey backpack.
man in jacket and glasses.
man at table watching girl eat.
A man wearing a orange tie.
A man wearing a red jacket and an orange tie.
A bottle of oil in a wooden bowl.
A blonde woman in a blue and black checked shirt washing an elephant.
a girl standing with blue light blue chces shirt and a skat.
The man with a foot on the van's bumper.
Older man with gray hair holding roof of car.
Man on right that is smoking a cigarette.
A man wearing a stripped polo shirt with his hand in his pocket.
A woman in a wet suit facing a man.
a woman walking on the beach talking to a man.
boy holding an umbrella up.
A toddler holding an umbrella above thier head.
A pizza on a round pan.
The pizza on the circular pan.
STAINLESS STEEL STOVE.
An oven with a stove top.
A woman in a white colored poka dot shirt next  a man.
European young girl with long straight hair-bangs.
brown teddy in the middle.
the bear in the middle.
A dog rests on the floor next to a table and a couch.
A black dog lying on the grey coach.
a blonde haired man is talking to a small child with black hair, white t shirt and shorts who is holding a red, orange, green and blue kite.
A man with out stretched arms helping the child fly the kite.
A man in an orange shirt that says Banamex playing wii with a person wearing glasses.
brown t-shirt man was playing video game.
A section of a beige couch.
a couch.
A white flag flying in front of a woman in blue and a man in white.
a white kite being held by a man walking with a woman holding his arm.
A trolley care ahead of two other trolley cars.
the nearest empty train.
A black man with a red and white shirt running.
A player in red and black.
a white dog in front of another dog.
THE DOG FACING FONT SIDE.
the cut piece of cake on the platter.
slice of cake on cake stand with rest of cake.
The boat on the left.
white boat with three motors stopped near edge of water.
The entire blue board.
A blue snowboard with the letters GMR written on it in yellow.
the wrap resting on the other wrap.
the giraffe standing between two other giraffes.
A giraffe in the background visible between two closer giraffes.
Bus behind other bus.
bus in the back.
Person with jeans and white shirt swinging a Bat.
A woman in a blue uniform swinging a bat.
Brown horse with head looking down.
A black scooter.
the black motorbike next to the green one.
The middle planes' tail.
the plane tail in the center.
A boy with curly hair drinks a glass of milk and has a donut.
A boy drinking milk.
A man standing in a kitchen with 2 small boys.
Man flexing muscles.
The portion of chair under the girls arm.
The wooden chair seen right under the woman's right arm.
A large black purse with gold emblem that a woman and a dog is looking through.
A black purse on a bed with a woman and two dogs.
a white bathtub.
A white bathtub with colorful tile behind it.
The yellow colored vehicle with only one man and a tire.
military truck number l4618873.
A boy on a skateboard pushing himself along cobblestone.
man skateboarding.
brown chair left side.
brown sofa.
left side monitor.
the monitor on the left.
bed layed on by man.
The pink fabric under the man.
The front end of a bus with a man in a tan shirt getting on.
A white and green bus with a man getting on it.
A man with a white shirt and black jacket.
man in a black suit eating ice cream.
A man smoking a cigarette.
man wearing green t-shirt holding cigarette.
the front piece of broccoli behind a big piece of chicken in the right hand picture.
2307 a black and white cow.
cow licking the camera lens.
A slice of pizza to the far right.
A man in a white shirt holding his hand out.
the bald older white man playing tennis.
A white blanket that is covering the woman's legs.
The mouse that is closest.
The Dell mouse on the left.
the brown horse in front.
Two brown horses grazing in a pasture.
A black flat-screen computer monitor.
A computer screen on a table being watched by a boy.
A small elephant with a chain on its back.
An elephant with a chain on it stands next to another elephant at the zoo.
A glass with chocolate liquid beside a white plate of food.
a glass filled with a chocolate beverage to the left of a plate.
A blue color truck with a writing food service of america on it.
The blue truck with a trailer across the street.
A black and white dog pulling a frisbee with its mouth from another dog.
A small black and white dog playing with a yellow toy.
An elephant walking on the road, who is directly in front of another elephant.
A brown elephant with a storage thing on its back walking down a highway.
A golden colored cat in the back of a car.
Cat in the back window of a car.
A toilet on right.
The toilet dose not show where the water comes into it.
a person in brown shirt in back.
A man combing his hair in the saloon.
Amen laying on the bed reading a book with his head propped up with a green pillow.
A man from right side reading the book.
A pair of red skiis.
a red color skating pad kept on a snow field.
A goat lying on the ground.
A brown goat laying down.
The elephant with the bright white tusk.
An elephant with tusk is eating something.
A green and yellow surfboard, in memory of Rebecca Ehehalt.
A green and yellow surfboard, standing next to blue and orange surfboards.
man in plaid shorts with back to camera reaching up to catch a frisbee.
a shirtless man about to catch a frisbee.
A tall dinner roll in front of several others.
A dinner roll on a table.
A young child learning to ski with a purple jacket and sun glasses.
a kid wearing a purple coat.
a white and red bus on a city street.
A bus with the numbers '2012' on it and a red bumper.
lady.
woman in black dress.
A man in a lifejacket looking down at his cellular phone.
a man hand in phon.
Skateboarder in mid-air.
man jumping above skateboard.
A woman with long brunette hair.
A girl wearing a yellow sweater.
A BASE BALL BATSMAN.
Baseball playing swinging a bat making a play.
Two grown zebras standing in middle of grassy field.
A zebra with a side-swept tail facing right partially obscured by another zebra facing left.
the kid with the a's hat standing and facing in the right hand picture.
There is no image.
A small blue owl with sugar packets in it.
A blue dish holding white and pink packets.
An antique car parked behind a man wearing a hat.
The second car from the man in a hat in the background.
Man wearing white shirt in kitchen with 2 women.
man in a white shirt.
red chair on the top of the image.
The seat of a shiney red chair behind the rice.
A surfboard being ridden by surfer.
dark chicken closest to the fence.
A ripe banana laying on top of the other bananas.
the blurry banana.
Plane seat of person sitting in it with white sleeve.
The back of an airline seat, where a monitor is visible.
A woman wearing a long-sleeved purple shirt.
An elaborately-decorated cake.
A cake containing treats on top and a catapillar on the side.
The larger of the two dogs.
The dog on the left.
An elephant sitting on a stool, with green and purple lights shining on it.
An elephant with a purple light on it's face sits behind another sitting elephant.
A bar stool with a person sitting on it.
The barstool with the man's foot resting on the bottom.
woman eating pizza.
woman eating pizza.
This is a man with a goatee that is wearing a long sleeve shirt.
A man in a purple sweater.
A man wearing black pants behind a man wearing all white.
A man in the middle is trying to grab a bite.
A man between two other men with mouths open, wearing a watch.
A ram standing up while the other animals lay down.
The brown cow that is standing.
A small elephant.
Small grey baby elephant standing still.
An empty table with seating for two.
A dining table with no one sitting at it and no pillows.
A man showing his teeth while smiling and standing next to a man with a glass of beer.
The man who has his teeth showing and is not holding a drink.
The chair closest to the camera that no one is sitting on.
An empty chair's tan seat cushion in a meeting room.
A picture of a man in a blue shirt sitting at a table holding a taco.
A man with a blue plaid shirt.
The car is black in color.
A black car on the parking, in front of the xuv.
The left kite.
the circular kite on the left side.
The woman in a dark blue blanket looking at the cat with a drunken daze.
The lady with the dark blue shit.
wooden table in the image.
the first zebra from the right.
apple furthest from bananas.
A nearly empty wine glass.
the mostly empty wine glass.
a man in a yellow ski jacket with black snowpants and a white ski hat with red trim.  He's wearing ski goggles.
man on left.
the plant that's barely visible on the bottom right.
Fern plant that  you can only see some of because it is cut off.
A skateboarder.
A man skating down the side of a large ramp.
A larger elephant.
The larger of the two elelphants.
Woman holding a baby.
A woman wearing a hat holds a baby and plantains.
the pizza closest to the camera.
the pizza closest to the camera.
the homeless man with the two bags.
A shrouded human sitting on an outside public bench with plaid bags.
player number 12.
A BOY PLAYING BASEBALL.
The entire brown horse on the right and the rider from the sholders down.
A brown horse.
A BASEBALL PLAYER  WATCHING  WEARING GLOVES.
a baseball player with a black glove.
The blue bike.
a blue and black motorcycle a a bike show.
A woman wearing a black hoody and standing next to a man.
Blonde woman in the front and center.
The sink closest to the camera.
One tier of a cake with a copy of an official government seal celebrating 50 years of service with the Maryland Police.
A tier of a cake that says Maryland.
A person with black full suit, slidding on the snow.
A skier in a black coat that is to the right and behind a skier that is in a black coat.
Blue car turning on a street.
blue car.
The horse on the left.
Brown horse pulling a carriage with another.
zebra closest to the camera.
TWO LARGE ZEBRAS RUNNING ON A DIRT GROUND.
woman in glasses throwing a frisbee.
a lady with a white shirt and black shorts tossing a plate.
woman holding a camera.
A PERSON WITH A GREEN BAND ON HER/HIS WRIST TAKING A PICTURE.
The front of a white ship with a navy blue stripe with a bright yellow stripe under it and a yellow float object hanging from it.
The boat with the yellow floater in front of it.
The motorcycle near the sheep with two men on it .
The motorcycle near the sheep.
A light brown cow behind another cow.
light brown cattle in background grazing.
A boy holding a cat.
boy wearing glasses and gray pajamas.
A bowl of cereal and raisins underneath the bowl of carrots.
dry fruits.
A larger elephant with a tusk facing a baby elephant in a feild.
A moma elephant with her baby eating grass.
The giraffe Im on the left had his neck stretched to eat.
A giraffe facing to the right.
a baby giraffe eating.
The smaller giraffe in the middle of the other two giraffes.
The umbrella behind the green one.
A girl wiring blue jeans and black top sitting on the road and taping on a black dog.
a girl with long ponytail sitting on the floor.
the rightmost hotdog.
a roll in the bottom right corner.
A man on a skateboard.
A man skateboarding with a hat on.
A man in a suit of armor riding on a brown horse.
The person on the brown horse.
A lady wearing a Mrs. Claus suit sitting on the back of a motorcycle with a helmet on>.
A female in a Santa Claus costume riding as passenger behind a Santa-clad man on a motorcycle.
The chair that the man in the light blue shirt is sitting in.
The middle chair of the group of three along the wall.
A man in a dark t-shirt and white shorts watching a little league baseball game.
A man in a black shirt and khaki shorts standing behind a chain-link fence, watching a boy play baseball.
A boat leaving white foam in its wake.
boat making a wake.
A grey dog playing with group of dogs.
A grey puppy dog being licked by other puppies.
the white boat with the two rectangular windows.
A boat which has a driver space.
A man drinking a glass of water.
A man with grey hair that is drinking water.
white bear sitting on a red pepper.
A white bear with red hat.
The man grabbing the chocolate donut.
A person grabbing a doughnut.
A bird floating behind the other bird.
a woman in a black jacket with a white umbrella.
A lady with a white and brown umbrella that is frowning.
A person wearing a plain flannel shirt.
Reflection in glass of the back of a man in a plaid shirt.
A woman in a long dress with a tray on her head.
A lady in a white dress.
A red dipping sauce on a plate of food.
A cup of red sauce.
The second motorcycle with VSU996.
A motorcycle with the license place YSU996.
The white car to the left of the display.
The beige-colored car by the display case.
Brown piece of wooden furniture next to the desk.
the chair to the right of the girl in the right hand picture.
A blond male in a white t-shirt and gray pants running during a Frisbee game.
A boy with a white shirt with teal sleeves.
The top of a green dining room chair.
a kitchen table chair brown wood.
The person in a red and gray jacket.
A person wearing a red and grey coat and a black backpack lying back on the snow.
A white plane with green, red and gray lettering and logos sitting on a runway.
A jet liner on the runway.
A man with a white hat grabs hands with another man across a net.
a man in black Nike shorts shaking someone's hand.
The man in the orange shirt.
The man in the orange shirt.
A man with dreadlocks playing a video game.
Man with glasses in black pants and top playing video game.
two toothbrushes.
A toothbrush next to another toothbrush that has a fluffy head.
A silver train with a blue logo on the side.
The train to the far left.
A mother elephant in a zoo pen eats a bunch of grass.
A mother elephant with her kid elephant, eating grass.
The full grown zebra.
Large zebra.
A woman in a yellow shirt at a produce stand.
A woman with a yellow shirt is standing next to a man in a fruit market.
blue brown and white plane.
The large plane is white, blue and brown in color.
farthest right partial giraffe.
giraffe to the bottom right.
Man wearing watch and bracelet holding cell phone.
Man smiling and holding 2 phones.
A man with white hair, wearing a jacket, sweater, and tie.
A man in a suit.
man in middle.
A man in a yellow plaid tie.
A surfer riding a wave.
A person on a surf board.
Red and white train car with the number 41 on the front.
an orange train.
The half of the sandwich nearest the can.
A chair that is out of focus in the background.
The empty chair in the background.
A clock on a building that is above a sign.
A clock in the front portion of a clock tower.
dog in background.
A dogs head in the background.
The white and blue plane in focus.
a white airplane from lufthanza.
A baby wearing a white ruffled dress with pink trim.
an Asian baby being held by a woman.
A man eating a sandwich.
A man at a resturant holding up half a sandwich.
A person with dark hair, white muscle shirt, and a black shirt hanging over his shoulders.
The person wearing mainly white.
A standing zebra facing away from the camera.
A Zebra's backside.
bride cutting the cake.
women in wedding dress.
a Brown dog running.
A furry dog.
man in yellow shirt.
Man in yellow.
a dog being scratched.
dog on right.
a brown horse.
brown horse.
A piece of artwork with two animal heads protruding from it.
A two headed deer vase.
The pitcher for the Monarchs baseball team in mid-throw.
A player in a green jersey throwing a pitch.
a black traffic light on a pole turned to red.
A stop light that currently is on red.
A white Mercedes flatbed semi truck carrying another white Mercedes semi truck cab.
heaver bros. Ltd Truck.
The man in the back in the blue shirt.
Blue and white wing of a plane on the airport's pavement with a U.S. Air Force airplane and other planes.
only the wings of the plane shown in the left most side.
the urinal on the right in the right hand picture.
The urinal on the right.
4 white flowers with green leaves.
A camera sitting between two men on a bench.
A camera resting on a bench.
A gray cat is curled up in the bottom of a refridgerator beside bottles of beer.
Giant blob of meat in the bottom right side of the refridgerator.
an empty white chair.
A white plastic lawn chair sitting in an apartment.
A drum stick the kid is holding in his left hand.
Drum stick which is facing front.
orange color slice near to the green color slice.
top carrot.
The small red container with slices of seasoned sausage.
Sliced bananas in a red bowl.
A brown horse with a man riding it.
brown horse with yellow and grey blanket.
A laughing black haired woman at the end of a group of people.
A black haired girl with her hands around her ankle.
The whole pizza in the front of the image on the plate next to the fork.
Small pizza with green olives and pepperoni on a gray plate on a table.
the sandwhich half on the left.
A woman's reflection is showin in the mirror holding a red comb.
Relfection of a woman.
A white carpet in the restroom.
WHITE BATH RUG.
boy with shirt hair in the background.
A carrot casserole with brussel sprouts.
brussel sprouts and carrots in a bowl.
A bottom oven.
A silver oven beneath another smaller oven.
The green box.
A green toy chest.
A man with a grey shirt behind the man in a pink shirt.
man that is behind the dude in the pink shirt right behind his hand.
The dark brown chair next to the bed.
brown arm chair towards the front.
A bowl of soup with a red knife in it.
A cup of oatmeal with a red handled spoon in it.
Cut bananas on top of a stack of pancakes.
The man whose left hand is not shown.
A large laptop beside a smaller laptop.
large laptop next to smaller laptop.
A meat and cheese sandwich on a white plate with other food.
a snadwich on a plate with fries.
A woman in a grey and white dress.
A woman with glasses and a grey dress looking at food.
A zebra holding its head over the back of another zebra.
A pair of zebras on an open plain bonding by standing side-by-side with the ones muzzle over the others hind end.
A woman in a white shirt with a purple logo on it.
the woman who is with a pink bucket.
A plant in a windowsill behind a cat.
leafy plant sitting in a window.
A sandwich with eggs on top.
A opened sandwich which slices of egg inside it.
a woman sitting on a bench holding a large item in her lap.
A person playing a musical instrument.
The wine bottle on the upper right hand side.
A wine rack with a bottle of win resting in the sun light.
A black chair with wooden arms.
CAR.
Blue van behind woman.
A boy wearing a yellow shirt riding a skateboard.
A young man with a yellow shirt and red shoes doing a skateboard trick.
A person's off screen leg wearing jeans.
These are the hands of a woman not fully in the photo.
flowers in front right.
purple flowers in a white vase next to the silverware.
A sandwich in a person's hand.
the piece of sandwich in the person's hand.
The computer monitor is not being used because its turned to the wall.
The man with the black tie.
A black tie with stickers on it.
A black chair with no one sitting in it.
Black patio chair outside on the sidewalk unoccupied.
A man in a black shirt and blue jeans riding on a skateboard at a skateboard park.
A man wearing blue jeans, a black shirt, and earphones is skateboarding.
A TALL WOMAN WEARING SUNGLASSES AND A WHITE ,BLACK AND GREEN BIKINI.
The woman in the black and white bikini standing up.
The cot with one white pillow.
A long, twin size bed.
The back of an elephant that is following another elephant.
an adult elephant with both ears and its tail showing.
The part of the orange in the background that is almost completely covered by other fruit.
A roll of bread to the right of another roll to the right of another plate of food.
bread in the right most corner of the image.
A man in a long-sleeved shirt sitting at a table behind a woman eating a hotdog.
A man sitting at a table eating and drinking.
A mother giraffe with a baby giraffe that is nursing.
Adult giraffe with baby giraffe under it.
A brown step under young girls.
a wooden step which two girls are seated on.
A white table with a cake on top.
A table covered with a white table cloth.
A zebra in the middle of a field.
A zebra that is more white than black, bending down to the grass, directly behind a log.
A blue skateboard to the left of another skateboard.
The skateboard under the feet of the person not wearing pants.
chair on left side corner.
chair next to person in superman shirt.
A white chair facing the window.
WHITE COLOR EMPTY CHAIR IN THE HALL.
a brown teddy bear with a red scarf.
A teddy bear with the green and red scarf around neck.
a man was on red t-shirt.
A man in a red shirt about to return a volleyball.
A sheep in the background eating grass.
A glass dining table.
glass dining table.
A red bus.
the bus numbered 1152.
The skateboard under the boy in mid air.
A little boy in a gray sweater looking at his friend's kite.
Boy in sweater vest on left.
the cow on the bottom right.
A black cow kissing another cow.
The man holding the plate with the pizza on it.
A man standing near the kitchen sink wearing orange pants and a dark long sleeve shirt.
A grey cat who is looking at the water.
A grey cat licking itself sitting by the sink.
An orange above a guava, and in between a another orange to the left and a guava to the right.
The middle tangerine rests on top of the bananas.
A white SUV is parked with its tailgate up.
A light-colored hatchback car.
The man in a brown shirt who is talking to the woman while cooking hot dogs.
A man wearing a brown shirt grilling, speaking to a woman.
A boat with one person on it.
A boat with a single occupant colliding with an identical, more crowded vessel.
A bathroom sink on the end with a duck-like object next to it.
sink to the left of the yellow soap dispenser.
The blue luggage underneath the other luggage.
A blue suitcase.
The closest banana.
Banana with stem pointing to the right.
A brown cow being held by an older man.
A cow with a rope around its head being held by man in a hat.
person in white shirt riding in the side car.
A woman in white riding a trike.
A snowboarder mid-jump on a nice blue sky day.
A boy with violet over suit jumping on the snow with the skating slidder.
Baby wearing pink shirt.
The baby in the photo.
A blurry image of a bird perched in the foreground.
Blurriest bird.
butter knife closest to the fork.
The butterknife front right on the plate.
The lady with the white shirt on.
Two adults recline on a sofa with two children.
Man writing while sitting on a park bench.
man reading.
The hand holding the sandwich.
a white hand holding a bun.
The zebra laying on it's back on the ground.
A zebra laying on the ground.
A skier with a blue suite between two other skiers.
A cross-country skier situated in between two other skiers.
The back of an empty plastic office chair at the table opposite where a man sits using a laptop.
A woman in a white apron pouring from a bottle.
woman wearing a green shirt.
A man in front of the opened fridge.
The man is looking in the refrigerator for food.
A woman wearing a black shirt.
A woman in a black shirt touching an elephant.
a silver colored sedan.
A car parked in front of school bus.
A red train with the Santa Fe logo.
a red train part.
a brown wooden chair.
a wooden chair with a green floral pillow.
A yellow traffic light that has a sad face drawn on the red light.
signal.
a red kite flying in the air.
a red kite.
The person in the background wearing a gray sweater and a pair of black slacks and a pair of black shoes.
Man in grey suit jacket and black pants standing near bar.
Teal suitcase side view next to other suitcases that are a different color of blue.
A grayish piece of luggage that is upright next to 3 pieces of luggage.
lower portion of wrap.
A veg roll which lies on a cutting pad.
A women in a red shirt.
A woman with brown hair and a red turtleneck shirt.
sky blue double decker bus.
A large blue double deck bus on a street.
piece of broccoli on the back of the plate.
The boy with the blue shirt.
A younng kid about to blow his candles.
two frozen bananas by the blender.
The banana furthest from the strawberries.
woman touching her neck.
girl closest to green plant in the center.
A wild animal, laying on its back on the ground.
A tiger lying on the ground.
An Apple laptop on top of a microwave.
A cup holds apple sauce.
ceramic cup of dipping sauce on plate.
A man in a striped shirt flying a kite.
man.
man on horse handing another man something.
MAN ON HORSE.
The chair towards the right side of the fireplace.
A couch in the bottom left corner.
Dark purple suitcase to the left of the person.
Purple suit case on top of the woman.
a folding bamboo chair behind two cats.
A wooden chair with white rope wrapped around the corners and middle, and a fabric seat.
The guy getting down at the last.
a man at the top of steps coming from airplane.
MAN  IN SEASHORE.
a man falling off his surfboard.
a motorcycle to the right of another one.
A white and red bus.
A tourist bus is traveling.
A man standing and wearing a black t shirt.
The standing man in the black shirt.
A lamb sitting down to the right of another.
animal on the right.
White pony.
A horse standing alone.
Subway wall over the tracks with advertisements.
THERE IS ONE WALL WITH THE SOME ADVERTISEMENT BOARDS ON WALL.
child with curly hair.
A child with curly hair brushing his teeth.
The child on the left.
dark brown and white horse eating hay.
A multi colored horse eating next to a tan colored horse.
A man in a bright blue hat seated in front of a desk.
The man in the blue hat.
The pink teddy bear in between a white and brown teddy bear.
Center bear.
Dude with long hair and hat on left side of picture.
Two zebras standing next to each other.
zebra facing left.
a cat on bed.
The black cat.
A leafy plant behind a man with a mustache.
blue chair directly in front of man in black.
the chair next to the man.
Older man with grey beard holding ski poles out in front of his body.
the man facing to the right.
Man in red jacket.
The man wearing the red jacket about to ski.
finnair plane on tarmac.
Large white airplane next to the terminal.
tennis player.
The man in all white.
Right side sandwich.
The piece of sandwich that is on top.
A fully loaded white truck.
A big white truck parked beside the orange stand.
a red truck.
A red colour tempo parking in the road.
Baby elephant walking in the middle of the road.
A baby elephant.
A cat underneath the other cat.
a gray and white cat sleeping under another cat.
The table the bird is standing on.
UNDERNEATH A TABLE WITH PEOPLE SITTING AT IT.
a red table cloth.
A man on the left, standing in front of his motorcycle.
man with blue helmet.
The door of the oven.
The oven door.
man in white shirt.
The man with the white shirt half off camera.
a red colour bag was on floor.
A red bag infront of other bags.
The backside of an elephant.
picture of the behind of an elephant.
a man in black shirt and shorts with a green Frisbee disc.
a man holding a frisbee.
refrigerated truck.
a silver trailer being pulled by a truck.
A brown horse to the left of another horse.
The horse on the left.
A baseball player with white gloves running.
Player with red hat and red sleeves.
A guy sitting on the bench takin ga selfie.
A MAN SITTING ON CONCRETE BENCH TAKING A PHOTO.
A man in a yellow, white, and red coat smiling and shaking hands with another man.
A well dressed man shaking hands with his counterpart.
An elephant with a tusk.
elephant in the back side.
A White computer screen.
The white monitor to the right in front of the white keyboard.
The black remote to the right of the biggest silver remote.
black toshiba universal remote on brown carpet.
A pizza scooper.
Item that helps you get a slice of pizza.
The metal chair leaning on the wall.
A folded gray chair behind the boy.
A piece of broccoli tilted eastward and on top of the bowl.
The largest elephant.
the biggest elephant.
A MAN WEARING BROWN COLOR CAP AND FACING FRONT POSITION NEAR BY TABLE.
Restaurant staff member standing near the pile of receipts.
A man wearing a checkered shirt and blue coat around his waist.
A big blue car parked in the portico before a hotel.
This is a blue van on the street.
A woman wearing blue long shirt working in front of computer.
A woman with brown hair sitting in front of a computer.
the man on the left in the right hand picture.
the man in the chariot.
A red bus on the road.
red bus in lane next to biker.
The seat cushion directly to the left side of the boot.
the green seat in the bottom left of the photo.
A black and silver computer keyboard sitting on a wooden desk.
An external keyboard for a computer.
The person with the bright blue pants.
The person wearing blue pants is looking at the ground.
The child on the left.
young girl with brown hair and pink shirt looking at a mircowave.
a purple umbrella.
a pink umbrella.
An adult giraffe staring into the eyes of a young giraffe.
the giraffe on the right.
a black car on road.
Black car parked next to a bunch of taxis.
A yellow truck parked next to a gas pump.
The fuel truck with the yellow cab and silver tank.
A bedtruck with a destroyed plane on it.
Part of an airplane on a trailer.
A pigeon looking down, to the left of two other pigeons.
a dove is sitting near another two doves.
woman in black in front of bowl of soup.
A woman with a blue shirt and jewelry on.
a tan-green sofa on legs on a wooden floor with a brown blanket balled up on top of the cushion.
person on right with gray and black sweater and white collar.
a smiling woman on the right.
Man with bat on field.
batter in striped uniform.
An elephant that is showing you his butt.
A man in ski gear with tan pants in contact with a female skier.
A man wearing a red coat is wearing skis in the snow.
The hood of the white car in the foreground of the image.
front of a grey car.
A messanger bag is wear by the mand.
A black colored bag worn by a man in the local train.
brown armchair with nothing on it.
an empty brown chair to the left of another.
The parking meter on the right.
Parking meter on the right.
cup with pig figures.
cup with red barn picture.
green umbrella held by woman.
A opened green umbrella.
white rice in a blue bowl.
the large gray bowl with white rice in it.
A woman in black dress enjoying her pizza.
A women with black T-shirt eating Pizza.
A woman wearing a wedding dress.
a bride in a bride dress cutting a slice of cake with glass of champagne right close.
man eatting.
the man sitting down and eating who has a bowtie.
A man wearing a black shirt holding a tennis racket.
A young man in a black shirt and gray shorts.
skiis on the man on the right.
The back of the wooden chair that is to the right of the plate.
The back of the wooden chair closest to the silverware.
A small child being held.
baby.
A baseball bats man hitting the ball.
A baseball player with number 3 on his uniform.
A piece of broccoli between two other pieces.
A guy with mic tested it.
guy on left side.
man standing on bike.
man riding on the back.
A man playing video games on the couch.
A man wearing glasses.
A red bus with a license plat of SWK697F.
bus with license plate 697F.
A banana on the top.
top banana in bowl.
a finger pointing at a dressed up hot dog.
index finger and thumb pointing down at a wusrt with saurkraut.
finger poking food.
The white umbrella on the left.
A white umbrella with a design on it.
An adult long hair cow standing next to a baby calf.
A large cow standing on a road.
the doughnut on the right in the right hand picture.
teal MP3 player.
the green camera.
A MAN WEARING CHECK SHIRT & JEAN.
A man in jeans raising his Wii Remote.
The container with string beans.
a container of green beans.
The black bag that is on the shoulder of the man in business attire talking on the phone.
The black bag over the mans shoulder.
A carrot touching the top piece of bread.
the woman coming out of the stall.
Girl coming out of the stall.
A warm smile from a young man.
guy watching something.
Girl in purple dress plays tennis.
A woman in a purple tennis outfit holding a tennis racquet.
The person in the rain slicker crossing the bridge.
A woman in a raincoat walking by the water.
A laptop that a person in a hooded sweatshirt is using.
The giraffe on the furthest left that is tall.
The giraffe that is farthest to the left.
rear view of a woman in black top and brown pants working in a kitchen.
A woman in khaki pants standing in front of a sink.
The green train engine sitting off the track.
Green train.
A blond man wearing a black polo and khakis.
A man with blonde hair, a black shirt, and khaki pants.
An black coloured make up chair.
the chair where the woman who is getting her hair styled is sitting.
Skier 77.
a person with jersey number 77 is skiing in snow.
Bed only of a dark pick-up truck.
back of a black pickup truck.
A white bowl with nothing in it.
an empty red and white ceramic bowl.
The woman in the dark shirt in the middle.
Woman kneading dough.
Baseball player in white uniform throwing a pitch.
Baseball player for the Flying Tigers throwing a ball.
Bunch of oranges on the person's right side.
A pile of oranges.
A lady with brown hair with a remote in her hands.
The blond female in the picture.
a white bowl of food next to meet.
The bowl on the plate.
A baby looks at an elephant.
a small child in an orange shirt.
The back of woman walking who is wearing a purple top.
A woman in a puple top and blue shorts walk down the street.
Wine glass on the left.
A glass of wine where the person holding it has a watch on, not a ring.
rainbow book.
A small book labeled rainbow on top of a laptop.
young man wearing black coat with hand in pockets.
A wooden chair with a man wearing a black shirt.
chair on which the man in black shirt is sitting.
A white cup half full of coffee.
The man standing in between the other two men.
The man with the blue tie, in between the other men.
arm of the man standing closest to the counter stool.
Man standing on left behind boy sitting in chair by table.
The single slice of pizza that is missing slices to the left and right on the platter.
A man wearing a suit and tie.
The man in the pin stripe suit.
There is a group of bikes parked on the lower right side of the picture.
the woman on the left that doesn't have her face visible.
A lady in bikini standing near the boy with red color dress.
A man with a dark beard in a plaid shirt.
a man with black and white checked shirt.
The keyboard of a laptop.
A computer keyboard is sitting above another keyboard.
A corrot.
A chef who is looking down  and standing chickens that are hanging.
A chef dressed in white smiling while preparing dinner.
little boy holding hands up.
A boy in dark clothing at the beach.
The green colored couches.
the pair of grey couches.
A brown cow with no spots.
A girl in front of an elephant.
a young girl wearing a whitish ballcap and purple tank top standing in front of an elephant.
Remote control located on the left edge of a table.
a silver remote on the left.
A blue crushed truck top.
Blue machinery.
A two-door stainless steel refrigerator with ice and water dispenser in the left door.
a stainless steel refrigetator.
person in red.
A woman wih a red jacket watching the elephant paint.
A man in an orange shirt pointing at a fruit.
The man in the orange shirt.
The right arm of a man in a pink shirt behind a table menu.
a man in a pink shirt.
lady on left.
A woman in a black top holding a video game remote.
The directors chair on which the boy with the suit is sitting.
A motorcyclist driving behind the other motorcyclist.
The motorcyclist in the back.
DOG WITH PAW UP.
A white and brown dog, sitting on its hind legs.
A brown curtain draping down.
A dark curtain behind the girl's hair.
A black cat sitting on a sink.
A black cat in the restroom.
The fancy chair with gold accent.
Pink and gold chair farthest from guard.
66 man, but not extra equiptment in his hand.
man in black.
The chair the girl in the red jacket is sitting on.
chair girl is sitting on.
A small container of dipping sauce.
A small black cup of mustard and ketchup made into a swirl.
The girl in the right hand side of the photo who is pointing towards the television.
A little girl pointing at a TV.
a table with a plate on top.
A stone table with Bananas and a white ceramic bowl with roses on it.
A business woman smiling down to the floor with happiness.
A blonde haired woman with a whit name badge around her neck.
The closest bike.
a person in the middle wearing a pure white t-shirt.
A MAN JUMP AND TO TRY CATCH THE FLYING PLATE AND WEARING WHITE COLOR T SHIRT.
A woman in a red sweater.
WOMAN PLAYING.
A white and brown dog.
Dog with white markings that you cannot see his face.
black pants of person standing to side of pizzas.
the person standing next to the pizzas.
keyboard for xbox controller.
A small keyboard peripheral for an Xbox 360 controller.
the person sitting on the right.
A GUY READJUSTING HIS HAT A SKATE PARK WITH HIS FRIENDS.
Green tennis ball being hit by a red and black racket.
A tennis racket hitting a tennis ball in mid-air.
A man happy and excited showing a box full of donuts.
An young asian man holding a box of donuts, sitting next to a young woman.
A drink in a plastic cup on a tray closest to the straws.
a drink in a clear plastic glass in front of two other drinks next to a Japanese candy pack.
A slice of pizza behind a rabbid with a staff and headgear.
A black van on the other side of the road behind a stop light on the other side of a green pickup truck.
A black color van is on the road.
The umbrella closest to the camera.
A white color umbrella which is very closely to the camera.
the side of a red trailor.
The trailer of a truck beside a blue trailer attached to truck carrying bananas.
The giraffe furthest to the left.
A giraffe with black spots.
The parking meter on the right.
Two parking meters with clear tape wrapped around them.
a person under a white umbrela.
Person standing outside holding a bright blue umbrella.
A black keyboard in front of a man in white shirt.
THE COMPUTER KEYBOARD  IN FRONT OF THE PERSON IS BLACK IN COLOR.
A man holding a Frisbee near a dog's tail curving toward it.
a person in a black hoodie is riding a skateboard down a ramp.
skater boy on top of ramp.
lady with two kids in front her her on side of table.
The person in the white and pink shirt.
SIGNAL LIGHT.
a crosswalk signal that is yellow.
A young woman with brown hair.
Female, brunette smiling for camera holding a pastry.
boat only partially visible.
A white boat to the right of a bird.
A lady bent over holding scissors shearing the wool off a sheep.
A women holding shears.
A young boy helped by a woman is learning to snow ski.
The young boy with the yellow vest.
The red surfboard with yellow stripes.
A surfboard with a orange background and two yellow designs on it.
chair in back.
a blue chair back.
The red bus with the pink sign.
A double decker bus on a street with a motorcycle laying next to it.
a chocolate covered doughnut on a white plate served for breakfast.
Chocolate covered donut.
The partially obscured morticycle on the left.
You can see the motorcycle's tail lights.
A man with a black shirt.
A man in a black shirt walking towards the kids.
A black and white zebra facing the camera with it's ears perked up.
The zebra facing the camera.
A taller giraffe standing to the left of another giraffe.
Giraffe on the left and appears taller than the other giraffe.
Beige recliner.
An armchair sofa in the background of a slice of pizza.
a blue umbrella open above a family of four.
The pole holding the bags.
GIRAFFE AT A BEAUTIFUL OPEN PLACE.
majestic and beautiful giraffe.
A young calf standing near its mother.
A black calf standing next to the mother cow.
brown and colorful luggage.
A woman watching TV.
A woman in a green top laying on a couch.
piece of broccoli left to the four carrot pieces.
The large piece of broccoli nearest the middle of the meal.
a bench full of fruit.
A bald man wearing striped shirt holding a bananna.
It is a smiling middle aged bald man with blue eyes in a stripped sweater holding a partly eaten banana.
dark brown couch with pillows.
couch.
A tennis racket being held by a man in a red shirt.
tennis racket being held by man in red.
The stack of papers with a banana and yellow hilighter on top of it.
the piece of paper underneath the banana.
A woman holding a tennis racket.
a woman is playing tennis in the tennis court.
cat on left.
Cat with white paw tip laying on its side.
The light pants and sweater.
adult in light green shirt.
a man in motion about to hit a tennis ball.
man playing tenis with a very serious look on his face as he goes to hit the ball.
A bed with white and red bedding on it with a red open suit case on top of the bed.
bed with a red suitcase on it.
woman in blue with purple bag.
Woman with purple Purse.
A wooden boat with fruit and vegetables in it.
the boat with the apples in the right hand picture.
The hand coming in from the right side of the photo.
A Lady who is sitting beside of a woman wearing orange colour dress.
A woman in a black shirt holding her glass up.
A baby zebra next to an adult zebra.
Baby zebra in a grass field.
A person in a subway car reading a newspaper directly in front of a woman in a flowered dress.
A man riding a train while reading a newspaper.
ONE CUP OF GLASS WITH JUICE.
glass of orange juice behind pizza.
A show-fa is behind the boy.
Brown leather chair in background.
A giraffe eating from a branch a woman is holding.
The giraffe taking a branch from the woman.
A small boy wearing a plaid cap eating pizza.
Dirty blonde hair child wearing a plaid cap taking a bite of his pizza with his eyes closed.
woman in black dress in picture.
a lady in black.
The seat part of a black chair that isn't pushed under the table entirely.
The Chair in front of the cat that can't be seen as easily.
A black keyboard on a desk.
black computer keyboard sitting on a desk.
the upright surfboard.
A white surf board.
The closest table.
A GLASS TABLE WITH TWO CHAIRS WITH BIRD.
Brown cow laying down.
A cow lying down.
The man with the striped shirt.
Man with his back away from us in a blue and white striped shirt eating.
A woman dressed in blue and yellow looks amused as she holds a white Nintendo Wii controller.
Fatty women wearing blue shirt and phant.
An older man who is a scout with a red hat on.
The man is wearing a red hat.
A glass of wine sitting by a fork and knife.
The wine glass that is near the knife.
A sandwich on a plate with a piece of tomato in front of it.
a sandwich on wheat bread.
black horse.
A black draft horse with two white feet.
A baseball catcher standing behind the batter waiting for a pitch.
a catcher crouched down behind a baseball batter.
the smallest bowl.
A small bowl of olives sits nearby other food and drink items on a wooden table.
A man standing amongst piles of oranges.
A man from the waist down wearing blue jeans standing in piles of oranges.
The toilet to the left of another toilet.
A DIRTY PORCELIAN TOILET WITH THE LID UP.
A small white bowl with nothing in it.
A WHITE EMPTY MUG ON THE DINING TABLE.
The surface of a table with a disposable plate and cup on top.
The red plate and green cup in front of the teddy bear.
a blue train car with yellow at one end.
A blue and yellow rail car.
A batter in a blue top swinging for a pitch.
A man in jeans and a blue t-shirt over a long-sleeved white shirt swinging a baseball bat.
A young child in a chair.
The baby in the picture sitting in the high chair.
A tan horse standing by himself looking back at a herd of sheep.
A light brown horse, alone, looking at a rancher herding a few sheep.
A man in a blue t-shirt sitting on a couch eating a chocolate cupcake.
Man in blue shirt taking a bite of a chocolate covered donut.
The man with the bird hat including the apple and orange.
Man taking bite of apple.
the man wearing grey color shirt.
A man in grey shirt standing in door frame.
A woman standing on the side of a mountain in a purple jacket.
A woman in a purple jacket and khaki pants just threw a frisbee.
A man playing wii that looks pretty bored.
Dude in grey t-shirt, standing.
A blue pitcher.
Blue flower vase full of water and plants.
A white bowl of soup with vegetables.
The bowl of soup on the lower righthand side of the serving tray.
toilet on the right hand side.
a bigger and better toilet.
A man swinging a baseball bat.
Batter at home plate swinging his bat.
A blue motorcycle next to a red motorcycle.
the black motorcycle with grey and blue.
A small donut in the middle of the person's palm, as opposed to the one on their fingers.
A small doughnut closest to the ring on the hand.
giraffe leaning against tree.
a giraffe in front of a tree.
cauliflower string beans and green beansplus orang stick.
Asparagus stalks next to a cupcake container of peas.
Black and white zebra looking upward with another zebra in the zoo.
A zebra with its mouth open, looking towards the camera.
A balding heavy set man.
A man talking and sitting at a table, making gestures with his hands.
A black suitcase closest to the car's front tyre with nothing on top of it.
a glass of red wine behind a plate with an egg sandwich and fries on it.
A glass of wine that is sitting near a plate of food.
the plane in the background.
a large white plane behind a blue plane.
A part of a storefront window with the words Designer Labels.
Advertising on the window that says Designer Labels.
A blonde haired girl wearing blue top.
A woman with a blue shirt, blonde hair, and sunglasses resting on her head.
tan couch on right bottom corner.
A tan couch with several pillows on in located in living room.
The baby with the blue toothbrush.
A baby with a blue toothbrush in his mouth.
man in black jacket.
A man in a black raincoat and helmet, standing to the right of his bicycle.
a beauty dog.
Puppy lying with larger dog.
A sliced apple with no seeds.
green apple pease on table.
The elephant standing on the right side of the baby elephant.
The elephant to the right of two other elephants.
A woman blowing out birthday candles.
A woman wearing thick glasses blows out the candles on her birthday cake.
A piece of puff pastry pie near a white and blue napkin.
A BURGER PIECE NEAR BY WHITE TOWEL IN THE TABLE.
an array of food in a green dish.
rice, beans, and tomato.
the woman in the background.
A person using a laptop in the background of a person who is wearing socks using a laptop.
A man with goggles on his helmet is skiing with a woman.
The man with goggles on his helmet.
The closest front facing pigeon.
Pigeon facing camera stands on pavement.
boy with white shirt pulling boy on skis from boat.
Man in white shirt and white pants.
Hashbrowns on plate with eggs.
The child in the foreground who is sitting on a blue skateboard. He is wearing black pants that have white and blue stripes down the side.
Child sitting on skateboard.
a redheaded woman plays wii with a blonde woman.
The woman in blue.
The brown teddy bear is standing.
a brown teddy bear with a yellow tie.
A motorcycle doing a front wheelie.
motorbike up on one wheel.
The dining room table set in the dark shaded area.
Table in kitchen.
A brown couch with one white cushion.
Bottle with yellow lid.
A plastic bottle with a yellow plastic cap.
A woman holding a child up.
A mother teaching their young child how to snow ski.
The red bowl with the grass.
some grass in a red pot.
A large vehicle moving down the highway.
A highway worker driving down the road.
A girl in a black shirt playing Wii.
A woman in a black shirt playing a wii game with a man in a green shirt.
A man with raised arms wearing a green shirt.
A man poses for a picture holding a video game controller.
You can see part of this horses tail.
The backside of a white horse with a golden tail.
Unused couch cushion.
a green chair to the right of another chair.
A green plastic chair closest to the potted tree.
A man wearig a white shirt and blue tie.
Guy in a white shirt.
An all white plane near a loading dock with a transport vehicle in front of it.
A white airplane with an airport vehicle driving in front of it, parked on a tarmac next to a larger red and white plane.
A chair to the left of another chair.
birthday cake.
A birthday cake on a purple table.
Player in the jersey labeled 49.
A player with no 49.
The man standing with the beard and blue shirt.
Man standing on the back porch with two women and girl standing in front of a birthday cake.
person sitting there with a crocheted gray and white blanket on their lap closest to the fireplace.
a person's feet sticking out from under a blanket.
Tallest giraffe.
A mature giraffe.
Small green plant on pot next to white rug.
plant on left in pot.
Red and yellow bus with white ribbon and bow.
An english bus with a plate beginning with an 8.
The woman in the orange safety vest who is guiding the airplane.
A women with an orange vest holding two orange sticks.
A tan umbrella.
umbrella over table in foreground.
Elephant painting on a canvas with trainer beside him.
An elephant that is painting a picture with his trunk.
The piece of food behind the two pieces of food in the foreground.
A bottle of water on a table.
A bottle of water on a table in front of a woman eating.
A soldier standing at a counter behind a woman soldier grabbing bananas.
The army person standing at the counter.
A woman posing in front of a giraffe.
Woman.
A man holding a glass of wine and a mixer.
A man with a green shirt with a white colar holding a glass of red wine and mixer with dough on it.
skater going through cones wearing blue shirt.
A man in kneepads, a red helmet and a blue shirt skateboarding through cone obstacles.
The gentlemen that is wearing the cap.
A man wearing a green hat and wearing black clothes standing in the back of a restaurant kitchen.
A silver color laptop is on kept with other laptop on the wooden table.
a grey laptop with black keyboard keys.
An orange bowl of soup.
A brown bowl of soup with a matching saucer.
A black dog on a table.
black dog licking a cake.
A giraffe facing right.
A giraffe looking to the right while standing in water.
The hood of a car behind a red pickup truck.
The hood of a car from the view of the dashboard.
sofa with back turned.
black leather couch facing the tv.
The tallest elephant on the right.
The largest elephant with the largest tusks.
furthest hot dog turned sideways.
A hot dog behind two other hot dogs.
A small figure looking towards the left holding green sticks in both hands.
A white toy holding a green staff and wearing a red scarf.
A person wearing black pants, standing in the shadows, with their legs not crossed.
Person with black pants and boots standing near person with white shirt.
the piece of pizza that is about to be put on the plate.
A piece of pizza being slid onto a white plate.
A piece of bacon inside some bread.
The bun with it crust peeled off somewhat.
A woman in an all black outfit skiing in an open snowy field.
A woman dressed in black.
A PC monitor that is inbetween a laptop and another monitor.
The tall monitor closest to the laptop.
back of red bus on left side.
A red vehicle.
An airplane that is white, green, red, yellow and black.
the plane.
the white bus that is next to the private hire bus.
The skier lying on the ground.
a woman in a white coat lying on the snow.
A man with a beard, wearing a blue shirt, holding a wine glass.
the person with blue shirt.
The pillows on the ground.
Sofa chair on left.
Blue train with angled yellow front.
a blue train with yellow on the front and the word first.
A bird that does not have its beak open.
This bird listening to the another bird's sound.
A man with his back to the camera wearing a white shirt, head cover and black and white striped apron looking in a refrigerator.
A cook in a stripped apron.
A veggie pizza sits on a plate waiting to be devoured.
A Pizza with many toppings sits on plate seated upon green table mat.
A white,puprle and brown circle is sitting in front of a green plant.
A round piece of art with purple and brown.
A giraffe in the middle looks over the fence at the elephant.
the giraffe in the middle.
An yellow colored piper aircraft on the ground.
A personal yellow airplane with the tag 12123.
a wet elephant blocking the view of two other elephants.
A female elephant standing in the water with two other elephants standing next to it.
a man weared white shorts & navy t-shirt & playing game.
A man wearing a black suit.
A bald man in a suit.
A green suitcase lined up by other suitcases.
green color bag in the image.
A Brown vase with plants in it.
A brown wicker vase.
A pile of carrots.
A woman wearing black and white tennis clothes playing tennis against another person at night.
There is a girl playing tennis.
A black skateboard with tan and white wheels.
A skateboard ridden by boy wearing green.
The legs of a man standing.
The jeans of the person standing on the tree.
Tan and black superbike at forefront of photo.
A grey and black motorcycle at the forefront of two other motorcycles.
oranges in the left blue basket.
Fruit that the Lemons 3 for $1 sign covers.
child.
The little girl near the door.
The zebra with its face looking toward the camera.
a zebra with his head up standing in the grass.
Half of an orange.
the unsliced half of an orange next to slices.
A jockey wearing a blue helmet and a yellow and blue jersey.
A jockey in gold silks with a blue V and and a blue cap.
A white pick up truck.
A tan truck is unloading two four wheelers.
A man without a shirt.
grown man with surfboard.
The green bush next to the wall.
A girl wearing a white shirt with frills at the end of it.
The woman in the white shirt.
A person picking up their slice of pizza.
A woman touching her pizza.
A wooden armchair with ginger cushions and a small gray kitten atop it.
A chair with a tiny kitten on it.
A bear laying down behind a tree trunk.
The bus with the number 22 on the front.
a double-decker bus with the top closed off driving down the street.
bus parked.
A white, blue, and pink bus.
a large white parrot on a boy's left shoulder.
A white parrot perched on a boy's shoulder.
the cut up banana on the first half of sandwich on the left.
A woman with her mouth wide open ready to take a bite.
A woman opening her mouth for some food.
double decker bus number 43 with headlights on.
A red double decker bus is pulling away from the sideawlk.
A large airplane beside a smaller airplane with a maple leaf and the word canada on it.
the plane that says canada on it.
A white van driving down a street.
A white van with a window in the back.
The horse with a rider in a brown jacket.
3 brown horses next to a lake caring 3 people.
This is a neon green bus outdoors on the street.
A bright green bus front that is destined to go to Asda & Town Center.
Curved wood directly in front of semi.
WOODEN FINISHED CHAIR.
A SKATEBARDER.
a man in the watar.
A Brown color cow is side of facing to side standing in the grass.
A tan cow looking to the right.
Bench behind the man with frisbee.
A person wearing blue and red.
A blue pant leg.
A white placemat with blue lettering.
Blue and white placemat with advertisements.
A woman walking down a sidewalk on her phone, in a suit.
A woman walking down the street, talking on her cell phone.
The catless man with the most shaving cream on his face.
Frame with man looking straight at camera.
A sandwich with wheat bread.
Half of a sandwich standing up on it's side.
The table the laptop is sitting on.
A brown table on which a cat is lying.
pepsi cup.
A large blue cup with a Pepsi logo.
A solid color living room chair.
Blue easy-chair with multi-colored throw laying on it.
The foremost arm holding a wii controller.
arm holding remote with bracelet.
The taller of two giraffes.
A guy in a fedora sitting to the left of a girl with a sparkly headband.
person on extreme left wearing hat.
A boy in black standing at the corner near a street crossing guard.
A boy dressed in black waiting to cross the street.
The red cup on the bottom.
cup on bottom holding other cup.
A white pickup truck with a yellow sign on the roof.
white truck with orange lights.
man wearing white plaid shirt and red bandana.
Man with scarf.
duck closest to water with white chest.
The duck that is closest to the water.
piece of fruit behind cake.
boy holding purple light up ball.
Child holding stuffed animal.
A little boy in a red shirt in front of an ocean view.
Boy in a red shirt and black sweater standing on a river front.
A giraffe, standing to the left of other giraffes, eating from a tree.
The giraffe on the left.
the left corner of a brown bear to the right of another bear.
The side of a bear on the right.
pillows on a couch.
The lady on the back of the motorcycle is holding a sleepy child.
A woman holding her baby in the back of a motorcycle.
woman.
An Asian women with a white apron on holding a dish.
The butt of a zebra behind a tree.
A zebra where are the bushes are closely.
girl wearing black shirt covered by gray sweater.
Young lady sitting at a table in a restaurant wearing a black tank top sitting next to a young man.
The blurry chair behind the sandwhich.
A brown haired sheep with brown legs and red marks on back.
a brown sheep standing next to a white sheep.
A MAN LOOKING.
the guy in a black white and gray sweater.
flower water glass.
A train with a variety of cars on a train track.
A long goods train.
The second horse from the right.
The horse that is facing straight forward.
the plate and donuts on it.
A pile of powdered donuts.
Smaller blue bike on the left.
A smaller blue bike on a sidewalk.
man smiling.
man with shaved head eating a sandwich.
the white bus.
A large white bus driving on the road.
A wicker chair with a lady with a head scarf sitting in it.
A light brown wicker chair that a woman wearing a purple shirt and headscarf is sitting in.
The slice of pizza being held.
pizza.
The first zebra to the left of the picture.
The backside of two zebras.
A green bottle of wine with a white and green label.
A GREEN COLOR Ee SHAMPIGNE BOTTLE.
A woman in a gray shirt staring a tv.
woman.
man waxing surf board.
a table with eatables on a road.
picnic table under the kid.
bicycle in center front.
A bicycle with a jacket hanging on the handle bars with a red bag in the back.
the banana on the guy's left.
A banana on the mans left side of his face.
a man in a blue shirt and white shorts holding a tennis racket.
the player in blue and white inspecting his bat.
the man wearing a white shirt.
A man facing away wearing a white business shirt and conversing with others at a table.
A person working in the far left corner.
A women cooking.
A woman wearing a green and white shirt sitting at a table in front of a dessert.
A smiling woman wearing a green and white shirt.
A SMALL BROWN TEDDY BEAR ON A BED.
The smaller teddy bear.
The big pizza looking thing on the white plate.
food on center plate.
A baby giraffe laying down.
A giraffe laying down.
A groom wearing a red tie is cutting a cake with his bride.
a groom in a black vest.
A silver car is parked in a parking spot.
A silver car to the right of a parking kiosk.
A woman in a red top and white pants talks on a cell phone while walking.
A guy in a red coat on the phone.
little boy holding a bat.
the kid hitting the ball with a bat.
leg of the mans tan shorts.
the green couch the people are sitting on.
A old sailboat that was photoshopped into the picture poorly.
A large kite in the shape of a sailboat flies in the air.
A fully packed bag with full of stripes.
the bag underneath the bright red suitcase.
There is bundle of bread.
A sailboat.
a green sailboat.
A man wearing black jacket and pant on the right.
A lady with a long coat with her hands up towards her face.
Red rail car to the left of a black engine.
The reddish brown train car behind the black train.
dark blue B&G truck.
a cargo van sitting on the street.
A BROWN TABLE WHERE PLACING THE HEINZ BOTTLE.
right side of the table holding the ketchup.
bannanas in bowl.
Sliced bananas on a bowl of cereal.
A Man in red color pointing out the machine.
A guy in an orange shirt and shorts pointing at something.
The girl in the white shirt.
A girl in a white shirt.
A man in a blue hat rests his face in his hand at a picnic table.
A MAN IN A GREY TSHIRT AND A BLUE BALL CAP.
A boy sitting on a bicycle.
A boy on a bike with his arms on the handlebars.
The man playing in a water.
It is a man in a gray t-shirt and black shorts standing at the shoreline on a beach preparing to catch a Frisbee that another guy has thrown to him.
A sugary doughnut underneath another doughnut.
the donut on the bottom.
WOMAN CELL EATING PLATE.
Woman on phone holding cereal.
Asian man in orange checkered shirt and brown pants drinking from a glass.
Man in a orange white checkered shirt.
The blue cushion on the seat of the chair that the dog is laying on.
Dog's brown paws resting on a blue cushion.
Puddle reflection of a light brown dog.
the reflection of a dog.
A man wearing a brown sweater and holding a game control.
A man in a sweater playing a video game with a woman.
A reflection of a black, brown and white cat in the mirror.
The reflection on a mirror of a white, black and tan cat.
The zebra on the right.
A zebra next to a tree.
Woman in the background looking at her phone.
A woman waring a black dress and sitting in front of a table.
man wearing white shirt and black shorts swinging bat.
A baseball player in a black and white jersey hitting a ball.
The coffee cup with big blue spots.
A coffee cup patterned in solid blue dots.
the bunch of carrots in the wood basket.
Serveral bunchs of carrots.
a white vehicle.
White van speeding by.
A young boy wearing a bright blue shirt.
Boy in blue shirt.
the spot of fur where the animal cannot be seen.
A SHEEP NEAR BY TWO SITTING KID SHEEPS.
The body of the person holding the umbrella.
The lower torso and legs of the person sitting on the dock.
The table with the grey table cloth.
A table with food on it that three peopl are standing around.
Flight Parked at an Air Port.
An airplane with the word Martinair on the side.
elderly woman in black dress holding an umbrella.
a woman holing a white ubmrella and wearing a dress.
shows a body if elephant which is not in the frame.
A parked red truck.
red truck.
An open laptop.
the laptop that is open.
A wooden chair with a blue cushion between another similar chair and a large wooden table.
The mug is empty.
Empty red coffee cup with a white inside.
A girl holding a blue umbrella.
A little girl holding a turquoise umbrella.
The back of the white chair with the child's foot on it.
white wooden chair.
the man in the last frame.
The boy wearing the tie on his head.
A boy is blindfolded.
A pizza sitting on the stove.
A box of pizza on a stove.
A pizza on a plate in a restaurant next to utensils.
a pizza in front of some glasses.
the black ship, name starting with 2*.
A black color boat with a number 391 resting in the dock.
A elephant standing next to another elephant in a zoo.
Elephant on the left.
the black cat on the right top picture.
A black cat on top of some shoes with floral print.
A man standing in the rain wearing a jacket and holding a umbrella.
A boy with grey trousers in the middle of other two women.
A flower vase which is tallest among the two.
A vase standing straight up.
red placemats underneath martini glasses in the middle left picture.
A baby holding a banana waste in his hand.
A baby holding a bannana peal.
girl is watching while the boy is on laptop to do something.
A little girl watching her brother playing on a laptop.
A black and silver office chair with wheels.
a chair pushed into a desk.
A man in a dark, striped shirt.
Long skinny blue vase with no flowers.
An oddly shaped vase next to a taller vase.
The sheep with its side closest to the fence.
The girl who is looking at her phone.
girl looking on the mobile.
A dark colored SUV parked outside of a fence.
The SUV.
A baby elephant on the left for which its trunk is sharp.
large elephant on left side of photo.
i larger boat, with a blue bottom, white top and black stripe.
the blue bottom of a blue and white boat.
A boy wearing black shorts walking on a tennis court.
The boy in the black shorts who is standing.
first bench on the left side of the pic closets to the front upside down.
Man in white shirt standing with tennis racket.
this is a guy holding a tennis racket and wearing a white shirt.
Three bananas.
bananas.
a man in a black striped suit and a pink tie.
An African American smiling while wearing a suit and tie.
the darkest colored bear that is standing up.
A small black bear standing on a rock looking into the water.
The man on the right.
man holding bottle of water.
a woman in blue outfit, holding rope for the horse.
A woman with blonde hair wearing a blue jacket, blue jeans, and brown boots walking on a dirt surface and holding horse reins.
The suitcase with the tag that has the letters U and R and is closest to the man's side.
A RED COLOR TRAVEL TROLLEY BAG.
the blurry pan in the background.
An out of focus pizza sits behind another pizza.
a person wearing the black colour court.
A black man giving a speech.
A close up of a table setting with pizza on the main dish with other dishes and a glass in the background.
table in which foods are served.
THE MOUSE IN FIRST COLUMN.
mous in tabul.
A giraffe with the top of its neck hidden.
tall giraffee in back looking at camera.
a man in a dark shirt bending over a sink.
A man bent over in front of the mirror.
Guy in a white shirt, gray jeans and a red, white and blue backwards cap.
A young black man doing a kickflip on a skateboard.
red stoplight that is right of the other one.
The traffic signal on the right side of the pole.
The blue bicycle the lady is holding.
bear in santa outfit.
A large stuffed teddy bear wearing a Santa vest and hat and holding a microphone.
Person sitting on the counter with their hand between their knees.
The slice of pizza on the spatula.
A slice of pizza being pulled.
a man in a white shirt.
A man wearing a white shirt and khaki pants.
The monitor to the left.
a single matress with white bedding atop it.
The half of the bed farthest away from the window.
The boy with curly hair.
man on left.
A clock with all of the numbers showing.
right side of clock.
a unbrella on the right.
a blue and yellow Sabrett hotdog umbrella.
Large truck at light blue building.
the largest truck.
A girl wearing red posing with a pizza.
A girl with pink cloth, is in the middle.
The bear on the right is showing teeth.
A brown bear with its mouth open, playing in the water.
a wooden park bench with a person sitting on it.
a bench with person.
A plant hanging in the restroom.
A red pickup truck.
The red truck behind the refigerator.
Woman standing up against wall.
A woman wearing a tan jacket is leaning on a wall behind a table.
The weathered bench that is part of a table.
A zebra standing beside a rock and behind another zebra.
The guy in the black stocking cap talking on his cell phone.
A paper made and crafted tie.
tie with peace sign and smile on it.
The sandwich in the middle seems to be made with chicken.
A pita sandwich is in the middle of a sandwich trio.
Partially obscured green paper umbrella.
A green fabric with flowers.
man using a cell phone.
An old man with glasses, a flip phone, and a pen in his shirt pocket.
a man in a black suit.
A man in a dark jacket and gray hair listening.
A blue semi truck parked to the right of a green semi truck,.
The large blue truck.
The motorcycle with a white face.
A motorcycle parked on the side of the road with a white front.
The back of a white van.
The white van.
A young man is a dark colored shirt watching people play frisbee.
A young man looking at the camera wearing glasses and a dark gray t-shirt.
A woman walking behind a man.
a woman in a black jacket.
dress in the store.
A back pack hanging on a wall with the pockets open.
a boy eating some food.
A boy sitting down and eating.
A gray chair with curved arms without a pillow.
A wooden framed chair with green upholstery and no throw pillow.
A motorcycles with a helmet sitting on it.
The motorcycle has a box on the back of it.
Partially eaten pepperoni pizza in pizza box.
A pack of pizza quarter eaten.
A green bottle  that is behind the dish.
The bottle is green.
The table closest to the camera.
the corner of a table in the left hand corner in the picture.
a baby giraffe walking.
The small giraffe between the two girafe.
The giraffe in the middle, laying down.
A giraffe laying down in the grass.
The bus in between the other two that says RUGGLES STA.
The bus in the middle that has "RUGGLES STA" on the marquee.
A vase with flowers painted on it is holding assorted flowers.
flower vas wih flower design ib it.
Beach Chair with a water bottle next to other chair with towel.
An arm chair with a water bottle.
A white truck with a black and glass trailer parked against the street curb.
A large food truck parked on the side of the road with customers at the window.
The brown birds with the long beak are in the water.
kite which use asweeamer.
A skateboard with a geisha design.
longboard on the left.
An aged elephant is in the image.
A large elephant with a tan trunk.
the smiling boy.
Smiling child on the left.
a girl drinking out of a cup.
Redhead on the right.
A baby elephant moving away from the camera.
There is a small elephant standing next to two large elephants.
the woman in green shirt.
The woman in green.
A man in a camo hat and camo pants.
Man in army hat and suit jacket using loud speaker.
bowl with spoons in it.  Bowl is colorful with a blue bottom and colorful letters written there.
An empty plate with two spoons inside it.
A man in a gray shirt reaching for a frisbee.
A person in a gray t-shirt jumping up to catch a frisbee.
dark brown pony.
a small and underweight brown horse.
Man sitting on the couch using a laptop.
A man with a hat using his laptop.
a woman blowdrying a baby.
an asian mother.
SANDAL COLOR TRAVEL SUITCASE AND LOCKED.
A light tan suit case with a blue and white tag on it sitting under a desk.
man with racket.
man wearing black hat.
The banana that is standing the most upright.
Giraffe with head in green feeder.
The giraffe with the fully visible face.
A GLASS WIRH A JUICE.
A yellow-colored beverage in a glass.
small red and white colored boat.
A red and white boat sitting in the mud of a drained water body.
A monitor with many blue sticky posts.
The computer monitor on the far right is a flat screen.
woman having white hair next to a woman.
gray haired lady on the left.
A green and brown love seat from the nineties.
Large blue and black boat behind boat with man in blue shirt.
a chair back in front of a desk.
Man in striped green shirt plays videogames with a woman.
man using a wii controller.
A goose walking towards the front of the cage.
A white duck with a yellow beak standing in front of two other ducks.
a brown chair to the left of another one.
Entire bench the people are sitting on.
half of an orange on the top right of the blue plate.
Seagull above the copyright.
The bird on the left.
the scatting board of the person with cones shaped cap.
A snowboard that says K2 on the bottom.
A parrot looking off away from the viewer.
The turck with 'Navac' printed on it.
blue van reading navac.
A teen in a black coat to the right of two other teens.
A young gentleman wearing a black leather jacket.
a man in white shirt and jeans doing a skateboard trick.
the man next to the skateboard.
A woman wearing purple sleeve less top in the left.
A woman wearing a purple helmet.
A glass of beer with a small amount of white foam on top right next to the upside-down word Man.
A glass of beer with foam on it.
stuffed animal dressed in black sitting at a beach.
the teddy bear with black cap.
the big elephant's trunk.
taller elephant whose face cannot be seen.
The rear of a bus is on other side of the fence.
bus on far left side.
A clear glass filled with a clear liquid.
Glass.
A spotted cow drinks behind two others.
the farthest away cow.
The leftmost of three empty bowls.
An empty light colored bowl sits to the left of two other bowls.
The man with the red shirt.
The man wearing red and standing close to the wall.
a laptop with a black keyboard.
A black laptop coputer.
A controller device which is in the middle of the other two devices.
One main wii remote in between a special remote and another wii remote.
A woman in black cooking.
A woman in black with blond hair.
The left zebra with a right-turned head.
The zebra with its hind end and tail showing.
A lounging cat facing away.
A coffee table.
The couch that has a man sitting on it with a black jacket under his arm.
A large armchair holding a man in a gray shirt and glasses with a videogame controlle.
A woman wearing a red coat with brown fur on the collar.
A woman wearing red jacket.
a woman with glasses sitting cross legged.
a woman in brown boots sitting at a table with another woman.
a man in green with JANS on it.
The boy in the center.
The piece of the sandwhich nearest the spoon.
The bottom half of a sandwich.
skis being carried.
The skis that are being held by the person that is closest to the camera. They're being carried rather than being worn.
a man in the wine shop.
Man sitting at the bar holding a wine glass with two women and a bartender.
woman in white standing on a street.
The woman in the white clothes.
The chair in which the old man seated.
The chair that the old woman is sitting on.
A horse that we can only see half of.
The tail and butt of a horse on the other side of the fence.
Two elephants tied together.
Elephant closest to the photographer.
A MAN IS SITTING ON THE ELEPHANT IS WEARING A BLACK SHIRT, AND THE TAIL OF ELEPHANT IS WAGGING.
The metal legs of a bench behind a dog.
The woman in the yellow shirt.
a baseball player swinging a bat.
A person in a green shirt.
woman sitting down.
Woman holding a little girl.
the woman holding the child.
an old man walking.
An elderly man in a hat with a white beard walking in front of a bus.
a maroon moped.
The purple and white scooter parked in the front of the photo.
Four slices of pizza on a pizza pan.
pizza, pan, and table.
Two light brown teddy bear bags hanging on the wall.
the two light brown hanging teddy bears.
The man on the right holding a sheep.
A man leaning over with a dead animal in his hands on the right.
blue surfboard.
carrot leg on the right.
Part of the back of the head of a chihuahua dog.
The back sides of the chihuahua's ear; from the perspective of the photographer.
A flower pot with a bushy plant.
plant cat's face is in.
The back of a boy's head and back as he brushes his teeth with the right side of another boy on his left.
The back of a child's head holding a blue toothbrush.
The picture of the man's face and neck and shoulder who is eating the hot dog, but not his hands.
man eating hotdog.
A toothbrush holder with a toothbrush in it.
A toothbrush holder with one toothbrush in it.
almost hidden bus that is the third one in counting from the bottom up.
Red white orange and blue bus that is the second from the building.
an odd looking desk behing the red bench.
A table to the right of a bench.
An orange cat with a collar drinking out of a sink.
The tan colored kitty with the black leash wants a drink in the sink.
The stove with the pot on top.
The stove.
A small giraffe in the backround.
the giraffe closest to the fence.
A seat back behind a baby.
The back of the highchair covered with light green fabric.
A young man wearing black and orange shorts and sunglasses who is spinning a frisbee.
man wearing black and orange shorts and white tee shirt holding a frisbee.
a man in plain cloths on the field.
a man in a white shirt and black shorts throws a Frisbee for his pet dog at a baseball diamond.
a dinning table with food items ready to eat.
A white tablecloth.
a glass with white wine in it.
The wine glass sitting on the table with white wine in it.
the girl with glasses in the blue shirt holding a backpack on the right side of the photo.
person sitting with grey shirt and glasses.
The jet at the bottom of the picture.
a jet under some other jets.
The two toned footrest,  the footrest closest to the beige fabric seat on the left.
ottoman that is fully visible.
The bird on the left is sitting on the branch.
A bird which is on the left side.
An empty brown chair next to another chair with a child in it.
empty wooden chair pulled up to counter.
the giraffe to the far right.
giraffe on the right.
A sink with two compartments.
A white double-sink.
The main zebra.
zebra standing in front of water.
The chair with the back towards the men.
wooden dining chair at the table.
A baby sheep that is looking at the camera.
Animal looking at camera.
The wine glass with the lime in it.
An empty margarita glass with a lime wedge in the bottom.
woman supporting baby looking at laptop.
the mom with cleavage.
A woman in a yellow shirt, sitting down and holding a birthday cake.
Girl sitting holding cake.
The man in a baseball uniform.
A baseball player in an Angels uniform.
The male to the right.
person on right.
an object behind the flower vase.
a paper plate with food, two forks and a knife.
table with two paper plates and silverware.
Man in black jacket and jeans sitting on a black motorcycle.
A man on a motorcycle.
The skiing skates of the man's left leg.
The left ski.
A red apple sitting on top of a bowl full of apples.
A red apple.
bear on left.
A light brown bear on a gray rock.
Plant sitting on the far left of the table.
Two paperback copes of books propped up by a plant.
Oranges stacked.
A pile of oranges for sale.
A tall glass that is nearly empty.
Empty glass on table, next to white sauce.
A metal sink in a kitchen near a window.
A kitchen sink that is less empty than the one next to it.
A player with red colored shirt trying to catch the ball with half sitting.
The player who is squatting and preparing to catch the ball.
A white woman wearing a white tshirt and red shorts with an umbrella near other umbrellas on the ground.
A girl with white tshirt, below the umbrella.
Player with the number 7 on his back.
The baseball player in the left of the picture.
A book with a sticker reading NEW BOOK.
book labeled new.
The arms of a barber cutting hair.
hands of the barber cutting the boy's hair.
pizza.
A thin pizza with lemons on top.
A man carrying an umbrella.
A man and woman walking in front of a bus with a pink Umbrella.
The African American lady is wearing United States Army uniform.
A woman in military uniform reaching for a banana.
the womans skis standing next to a little kid.
The right ski of the woman in the blue jacket.
Man in blue shirt and with beard.
man with a beard and a hat.
A balding man with glasses wearing a wedding ring and holding a baby.
man playing with infant holding remote control.
Elephant in the background that you can only see his back directly behind the woman in the tank top.
The elephant to the far left in front of the people.
A dairy cow standing with all four legs visable.
a chair with a purse hanging from it.
White colored bus.
this is a bus with atlantic on the side.
The horse with the number 3 on it.
A horse with the number 3 on it.
A car in crash.
a white car being crushed by a giant ball with wings.
A man laying on the ground.
Man laying on the ground under a skateboarder.
white fridge on the grass with door open.
An open white refrigerator.
Woman wearing a gray hoodie sweater looking in a cabinet drawer in the kitchen.
The woman wearing a gray sweatshirt and white pants.
a bus.
A double decker bus leading another bus around the corner.
a man wearing a checked shirt sitting infront of a table.
Someone in a plaid shirt cutting food.
a white boat with a chair.
The white boat with the directors chair sitting on it.
A woman holding a glass.
A woman with long brown hair that is holding a champagne glass.
The TC screen that the two players in white a looking at.
The monitor in front of the men.
A blue and red boat with the characters NN200 printed on the side.
A blue boat on a beach.
A giraffe standing further away from a fence than another giraffe.
A pink double decker train sitting at the station.
The train in between the two platforms seen.
plant with urple berries to the right of the cat.
A purple budded green plant sitting in a planter next to a cat.
a pair of snow covered skis being used by a boy.
skii.
The giraffe on the far right.
a giraffe on right.
A zebra standing behind two other zebras, with only it's mane and rear showing.
A line horse is standing behind the two horses.
the train on the right.
A yellow fronted train.
A woman in front of a Christmas tree with two other people playing wii.
A woman in a pink top and denim pants playing with a game controller.
all of table area where mugs are.
flower table with two mugs on it.
A mini bicycle ridden by a man.
The pink bike the man in the grey shirt is wearing.
The victorian picture with the green bow on top and looks like a conatiner.
A cube shaped antique with a green bow on top.
A black traffic signal with a red light.
A traffic light that is on the right side of the picture and is red.
A green couch next to a side table with a picture frame.
couch on left.
A woman wearing a green jacket is skiing.
the female who is smiling at the camera with the green shirt.
Silver platter with sugar and tea.
Silver containers and tray in front of the roses.
Blue boat that says Chatsworth on the side sitting in the water beside a green boat.
A large blue boat.
a table with a laptop in the middle.
desk.
asian man sitting at end of couch.
The left most person.
A female cook dressed in a white clothes, bending forward.
woman in background furthest away.
the legs of a man wearing black.
the man in jeans.
left arm with silver watch.
Two stretched hands with a band on right hand and a watch on the left hand.
Toilet that is farthest to the left.
A toilet to the left of another toilet.
child crying on dad's lap.
A screaming child in front of a large piece of pizza.
a white hardback book stacked on top of 2 other hardbacks.
a black and white notepad on top of pink notebooks.
A bicycle being ridden by a shirtless bald man.
A bike being ridden by a man with sunglasses.
A man wearing black coat sitting along with a woman.
An older man in a suit and tie.
an adult grey long-haired cat sitting in an orange chair.
the biggest cat sitting on the left chair.
A small giraffe with two large giraffes behind it.
baby giraffe.
An elephant facing the oppisite direction to the one on the right.
The elephant facing the right side.
horse in sun.
The horse carrying two children.
The Lufthansa plane with the blue and gold tail.
PLane with LuftHansa written on it.
The elephant closest to the camera.
the elephant whose trunk is visible.
A brown horse is walking in the grass.
A small horse walking ahead of a man and another horse.
A plate with a knife and a sliced tomato.
a cut up tometo with a knife near it.
cycle in the middle with other cycles.
The bicycle with red rims.
a guy in a red shirt and vest playing the Wii.
A man in a long sleeved red shirt playing video games.
A whole cheese pizza.
A whole cheese pizza in a pizza box.
the chair on the very left.
Small white car on the left side of white passenger bus.
A small white Ford car traveling on a bussy street.
a small girl wearing cement color tops and seeing eagerly something.
young girl wearing grey shirt looking intently at something.
Light colored kitty cat umbrella hanging upside down with other umbrellas.
gray umbrella with cats on it.
The top of two leather suitcases.
A leather suitcase with silver clasps.
A white keyboard.
a chair with a keyboard.
piece of table directly in front of couch that shows its reflection.
The airplane closest to the camera.
an aeroplane named 3po is parked in a ground.
glass bowl right top corner.
The empty container at the top of the other containers.
The striped cushion in the background.
A red striped chair behind a child.
A boy standing who is wearing green shoes and a gloves.
The boy in the number 7 jersey.
A sofa in brown color lying right side of the room.
Half of a leather couch inside a family home.
The closest giraffe walking towards the left.
A tan and brown giraffe with a black tail.
Chair sitting directly in front of two people.
A wooden chair back with two exes.
A man with curly hair wearing an apron.
A man in a white apron mixes ingredients in a glass bowl with a spoon.
A green food vendor bus serving food.
a green food truck.
the truck with a horse head looking outside.
Horse trailer on road.
A stuffed bear sitting on a bench with another stuffed bear.
a teddy bear wearing a hat.
The fingertips of the man holding the larger phone.
The finger tips of a hand holding an i-Phone.
EMPTY RED COLOR CHAIR WITH OUT PERSON.
A red chair behind a baseball fence.
The girl in the light green solid dress.
a girl to the left of two girls.
A young man in a navy blue shirt and black shorts is about to throw a Frisbee.
A man in a field getting ready to throw a frisbee.
A baby elephant standing in front of a larger elephant.
a small eliphant.
Girl in black shirt eating.
an attractive woman in black.
Tail section of a jumbo jet.
a blue and white color an aeroplane.
The top oven of the pan'matic.
Oven on top.
A baseball player throwing a pitch.
A man in white throwing in a baseball game.
girl in the blue polo on the left horse.
long haired women doing horse riding.
A baseball catcher is poised to catch a ball from the pitcher.
The catcher is wearing white pants and is in front of the umpire.
The person whose left arm is visible.
A person standing on the right side of a grill with an arm up.
The empty chair with paint peeling off.
An empty, wood green chair next to a man in a pink tie.
the meter on the left.
Parking meter in front of a black car.
A sandwich closest to the eggs.
A partially flattened and melting square of brownie partially covered in crumbs.
Chocolate cake.
a baby calf with its head stuck under an adult cow.
A baby cow drinking milk.
A man wearing a striped shirt with a game controller in his hand.
A man in a striped polo playing the Wii.
One side of a pizza with pepperoni and grapes on it.
Pepperoni pizza.
The doughnut in the bottom left corner.
Man in yellow shirt trying to catch a frisbee.
Man in green shirt, lunging towards frisbee.
a man in a chef uniform holding a saucepot.
A heavy chef preparing food in the kitchen.
A wrought iron chair with a beige striped seat faces a sliding glass window.
A lovely metal backed chair with a white cushion faces out a sliding glass door.
A plate of broccoli.
the backpack with red and green straps sitting nearest the boy.
The near backpack with blue and purple straps.
A young child in a green sweater.
the kid on the left in black in the right hand picture.
The giraffe that is the darkest.
the middle zebra.
lady talking on phone while riding bus.
woman wearing black and gray jacket on cell phone.
surfer laying down.
A man lying down on a surfboard.
A piece of leftover brown bread.
A brown horsein the shade seen from the side.
A dark brown horse to the left of another brown horse.
A green apple slice among other fruits.
a slice of green apple second to last from the plate edge.
A man in a red shirt looking at his friend while working on a lap top computer.
A man in a red shirt sitting in front of a laptop.
A brown horse pulling a buggie.
The horse on the left.
A little girl near a woman.
A young girl wearing a polka dotted shirt.
a man wearing a white jacket and kilt, holding up a beer.
A man shows beer glass with beer when another hold cigar on mouth.
A red bus in front of a double decker bus.
Red color bus with route number 396.
The tail end of a plane.
Man working on computer on left looking down.
A man in a red long sleeved shirt with a zipper on the neck, using a computer.
Back end of a zebra in a field with tow other zebras.
Slice of pizza with tomatoes on it on a paper plate in a pizza box.
The top slice of pizza on a paper plate.
The blurry black chair in the background just to the right behind the child.
The left tennis player.
the green apple to the right and closest.
The green apple in the front on the right.
The all black dog.
A black dog standing next to a suitcase.
There is a tray under the green flower vase.
A dark-haired woman with her hair in a bun.
A woman with her hair in a bun talking to a woman with loose hair.
man in black suit.
a guy in a black suit.
The light-colored horse.
A gray horse riding along side a brown bull.
Skate boarder mid-air.
A jumping skater.
A beach canopy blue colored umbrella having label bikini beach and a maroon towel is kept under that.
A tall giraffe.
Giraffe which is to the right of the pic.
Arms folded on the table.
Crossed arms and chest of person in dark brown shirt sitting behind pizza.
The table in the middle with the vase on it.
A small brown coffee table.
A blurry woman leaning forward in front of a man wearing a suit and tie.
Woman in the very front of picture with short hair.
A man eating a doughnut.
A man wearing glass.
a boy in a white hate putting frosting on a cake.
A boy in a blue shirt.
A person who is wearing yellow and red color dress.
A man on snow slidding with yellow jerkin and red phant.
A bowl full of greens.
A white serving bowl of greens.
the right sandwich in the right hand picture.
A turkey sandwich with a pick in it.
A woman holding an umbrella on a bench.
woman holding a polka dotted umbrella.
A table with a plaid blanket, food, and a candle on it.
table at which the blond women are seated and that is covered with a striped cloth.
a woman.
A woman wearing a black tank top and jeans looking to her left.
knife.
A huge knife being used to cut a cake.
A black man sitting on the couch wearing a black coat and pants.
A man wearing green and black sitting on the couch.
The small black cow shown behind the large black cow.
Black haired cow with yellow tag in ear.
man with a wine glass on the right hand.
A man in a striped shirt holding up an empty wine glass.
A red and yellow striped fire truck has its back storage compartment open.
a firetruck.
the piece of pizza on the right that contains SLICES of tomato.
Part of pizza right of another.
The all yellow train.
The yellow train to the right of a blue and yellow train.
Red SUV.
a red zeep.
A boy in green and orange playing Wii.
a boy in blue t-shirt and red pant is playing game with a girl.
A person in black pants and black shoes standing behind another person.
Person who is most in the back and is wearing black jeans and black sneakers.
empty yellow cargo train cartson the tracks next to  blue empty train carts.
the giant line of yellow cars in the right hand picture.
A little girl in a pink dress is holding a plastic spoon.
a babe seeing in cak.
A zebra on the left side of another zebra that is smaller.
a black and gold clock face.
A large black tower clock with gold hands, above a smaller tower clock.
a man  walking with skating roller.
a person with a skateboard.
a baseball player swinging a bat.
Baseball player swinging the bat on the home plate with the umpire and another baseball player.
The cow with the widest white stripe on its head.
A cow with its face angled toward the camera, with three cows to the left of it.
lady with grey t-shirt.
Person with black pants.
A woman wearing a scarf sitting in front of a laptop computer.
A woman making a funny face and looking at the camera.
A man in a blue shirt riding a bicycle behind a woman on a bicycle.
A man wearing black shorts and a blue t-shirt riding a bike through the forest.
A woman with a white shirt and red shorts swinging a tennis racket.
A woman posed to hit a ball with a tennis racquet.
A skateboard being flipped sideways by a boy wearing a white shirt who is currently in the air above it.
Skateboard in the air.
a computer monitor.
The back of a monitor with a white cable plugged into it.
A woman wearing dark jeans and a pink blouse.
A woman sitting down wearing jeans.
A man leaning over while sitting on a boat with a drink in hand.
A Person is Sitting with Glass.
Little girl in blue top watching man with frisbee.
a person is sitting with long brown hair and a blue shirt.
A baby in the crib.
A baby brushing his teeth.
A baby polar bear.
A baby polar bear sleeping on another.
A tan and white couch below below a picture.
couch with throw pillows on it.
A pair of skis in the boat.
A pair of skis sitting by themselves at the front of a boat.
horse to the left.
horse on left.
A toy white rabbit with a red dress and hat.
A stuffed rabbit in red clothes.
bowls and cups being used to cook in a kitchen.
man on wii fitness board.
a man in plaid shorts.
Delicious pink donut closest to the movie donut sign.
The closest donut to the front.
bench.
Giraffe with its head tilted down to get food.
Young giraffe bending its neck forward.
A brown teddy bear holding a red heart.
A small ceramic bear holding a heart.
The 3 black motorcycles parked to the left of the motorcycle with the fancy designs.
Row of three black motorcycles parked in a line behind a group of bikers tilting tothe left.
A black horse.
A dark brown horse pulling a carriage through a busy city street.
The elephant on which a man is sitting on the river.
The man running the grill with the short blue tie on.
There is one person wearing tie showing thumb finger up.
A black pillow on a two-seater beige sofa leaned up against the wall beneath a window.
a slick off white leather love seat by a window in a living room.
A green couch across from a white couch.
A green cushion couch with a pillow.
a food on tabule.
a pepperoni slice of pizza.
A zebra eating grass.
The zebra eating the grass on the ground.
The face of a clock.
White and gold clock with roman numerals.
The second cow from the right.
The cow whose head is completely blocked by the girl in purple.
The little boy in the striped shirt.
A boy in a brown shirt and navy blue jeans playing a Wii boxing game.
A person in a grren jacket and black hat holding onto sign.
A man who is standing on the top with grey colored jacket.
the train to the far right you cant see all of.
white train in background.
A blue backpack on a boy wearing a brown jacket.
The blue and gray backpack on the boy on the far right in the green and gray jacket.
A man with headphones in working at a lap top.
A man is black shirt and torn blue jeans is sitting with earphone in ears is operating the laptop.
A larger man with orange hair playing on his laptop.
Man in a blue striped shirt wearing earbuds and using a laptop.
A couch under a star fish painting, facing the coffee table.
a tan leather love seat with a single pillow on it.
A piece of cake.
a cake with icing on it.
A grey jet behind the grey and orange jet.
A dark grey fighter jet parked next to a black and orange jet.
the wii remote.
a wii remote.
A police riding a motorcycle is waiting while his friend talking to a man.
The man on the bike with the Police sign on his back.
woman holding wine glass.
the woman holding an almost empty wine glass and wearing sunglasses.
Man in the black coat with the scarf.
man holding wine glass wearing black coat and scarf.
the large bull.
A black cow standing beside a baby black cow.
The chair with a bear.
A brown wooden chair with a teddy bear, coffee mug, and plate sitting on it.
A woman with glasses and wearing a green shirt serving a piece of cake.
A woman cutting a cake.
glass of orange juice.
a glass with orange color beverage.
The surfboard the girl is holding.
The surfboard the girl is carrying.
girl in white.
A girl with a white top playing a game.
white car closest to motorcycle.
White truck and tire with the top of a blue motorcycle.
The tall giraffe near the top of the tree.
the tallest zebra.
A plush brown stuffed bear with yellow paws and ears.
a brown teddy bear with yellow ears and feet sitting on a bed.
The woman wearing the red jacket and holding skis.
A child in a red jacket, with a blue hat holding skies.
a boat in the water with the words U.S. Coast Guard on the side.
A red and white US Coast Guard Ship.
two pieces of broccoli in center to right of plate.
Cooked broccoli on top of shrimp.
A giraffe laying down to the right of another giraffe.
Giraffe sitting behind another giraffe facing to the right.
Gray sofa in the living area with a chair and television on a TV stand.
A grey love seat across from a table with a tv.
Table before the child.
A laptop with a slice of pizza on top.
A burgundy suitcase by the door.
A light purple suitcase on a wooden floor next to a black suitcase.
A man in a blue shirt blocking another guyin red.
A player wearing blue Tshirt and white shorts.
A man brushing a grey dog.
Hand of a person brushing the dog.
A glass of wine is sitting next to a birthday cake.
The animal in the middle that looks like he has a goatee.
The goat standing in the middle between the other goats.
The teddy bear that is brown that is on top of the roof of the car.
A brown teddy bear with a ribbon around its neck.
A plate of deserts.
A CONE SHAPE CAKE IS PLACED IN A PLATE BETWEEN OTHER BAKERY ITEMS.
A UMBRELLA REPAIRING MAN WEARING RED COLOR FULL SLEEVE T SHIRT.
man in red shirt kneeling.
A woman with long light brown hair and wearing a black and white shirt.
a woman in a flowered top holding a little girl.
A big cat that is lying in front of the sleeping cat.
A grey cat that has his paw extended out.
A middle aged bald white male with a forearm tattoo wearing a dark blue shirt, serving salad at a dining room table.
a bald head man.
The messier looking bed with nothing on it but the pillow and sheets are not placed nicely.
An unmade bed with the covers pulled out and 2 pillows moved around with a wooden head board.
Older woman with grey hair in a black formal dress tending to a young boy's tie.
A women with grey hair wearing black dress.
The wheel and spokes of a bicycle.
The back wheel of a bike behind a motorcycle.
A merchant in a red plaid shirt.
A man in a red plaid shirt behind a counter.
A green glass vase with a rose in it.
A red rose in a vase.
A table with dishes of pizza and a tablet on it.
The tablecloth on the table with the electronic device.
A woman wearing glasses.
A woman.
A carafe of water sitting on a table.
A glass vase with clear water in it, next to a wine glass with brown beer in it on a brown wood table.
A gray, red, and blue train that has the numbers 159 on it.
The leftmost train of the four.
The man wearing white shorts and white hat standing on grass.
A man in a white shirt white shorts and a white hat standing next to a woman who is also standing next to a man.
Brown vinyl chair on wooden floor.
A tan, leather rocking chair.
A bald headed man in a suit.
the man is wear suit,beside him a lady is standing.
A black dog sitting on the back of the chair near the window.
A black dog sitting outside.
the child giving a thumbs-up in the blue shirt.
A child giving thumbs up.
A person with a white spoon in a blue sweater.
the person on the right.
A sheep grazing grass behind the other sheep; we can see its head eating grass.
a sheep eating grass.
The zebra on the left who is facing the camera.
Zebra facing camera.
The tabletop with the man resting his elbow.
A table with a white tablecloth seats a guy smiling at a standing woman in white.
A man in a red shirt on a elephant that is about to kick the ball.
A man wearing a red shirt riding atop an elephant close to a soccer ball.
A long narrow multi-colored kite to the left of two other kites of the same colors.
A side of the kite that is closest to the man in black.
Man wearing brown pant and black shirt carrying an orange bag in the bathroom with another man.
a man wearing a black shirt and beige pants holding an orange bag talking to another man.
Man on a motorcycle holding a white dog.
A MAN WITH HIS PUPPY SEATING IN THE BULLET.
The skateboarder with their hood pulled up.
A child with a hood pulled up over their head.
The dark haired goat.
A sheep with a black coat.
A bat being held by the person in jersey number 3.
Boy to left holding black bat.
A GIRL GIVING FOOD TO GIRAFFE.
lady in blue jacket and blue hat.
The half of a giraffe in the background behind the golf cart.
A giraffe's body is cut off in the picture.
woman in sandals.
A woman in flip flops.
A mobile phone with a white case.
A white cellphone on a table.
a white teddy bear with blue dress.
white teddy bear.
The boat on the far right.
the boat perpendicular to the others.
A BLACK COLOR CHAIR NEAR BY TREE POT.
Blue leather chair behind lady in red.
The woman eating hotdogs.
A lady eating the donut and a man near her.
A woman wearing yellow shorts jogging.
a girl running wearing yellow shorts and a white tshirt with number 28 on it.
A brown sofa that a man is sitting on .
Couch man wearing glassed is sitting on.
A brown horse standing behind a white horse.
A horse is standing back of all other horses.
Leather chair in front of fireplace.
a black leather chair next to a green floor plant.
An Elephant showing leg like to give a kick.
the elephant with its leg in the air.
The portion of the table largely empty.
A white table in a room.
The train with the red EWS sign.
The train in the last platform.
The brown chair facing the couch below the picture in the brown frame.
The man lying down in orange.
A man under the elephant.
The gentleman facing the camera, wearing a tan and red plaid short sleeved shirt.
A man in a plaid shirt with red flowers in front of him.
A full  picture of a zebra.
zebra with white and black strips standing in the green grass.
A white bird sitting with both feet on the branch.
the smaller bird at the left.
Baseball player wearing a helmet running toward a man standing on a base.
A baseball player in a striped uniform running to a base.
A giraffe looking to the left.
Two giraffes standing next to each other by a pole.
A woman sitting next to a child eating a slice of pizza.
a woman was sitting on sofa.
A bag with pink and red flowers on it.
a floral bag next to a woman's legs.
The right shoe is on the right of the banana.
A tennis shoe on a right foot.
A woman in a red tank top.
Woamn in the red top.
A white truck.
A white truck parked beside a yellow bus.
division bus.
Front of DIVISION bus.
Older man with glasses and a prka sweater about to drink wine and chocolate.
A man with glasses wine tasting amongst the company of two women.
The right computer monitor in a dual monitor set up showing a Flickr page.
A MONITOR IN FRONT OF THE WIRELESS KEYBOARD SHOWING SEARCH ENGINE.
a man in a button down white shirt.
Man in white shirt.
A chubby kid in a grey shirt sitting on the couch watching TV with his dad.
a person wearing a gray shirt watching tv with another person.
A man standing near the sheep touching a lying sheep with a rod.
A older man wearing a gray T-Shirt and gray sweat pants.
A silver butter knife.
A SINGLE STEEL KNIFE IS PLACED ON THE TABLE.
White male playing a hand held video game while a Wii employee watches over him.
A man in black with a white game controller.
The sink to the left of the other sink.
The left-hand sink, closest to the towel rack and nightlight, with a white bowl, brass fixtures, and white handles on the water knobs.
A woman in a military uniform with a horse.
A woman holding onto a white rope with one hand and touching the horse with another.
The bird that is looking into the window and seeing his or her reflection.
A small bird on the window.
The laptop on the left by the corner of the desk.
The laptop showing its desktop.
The bus to the side of the centermost bus.
The partial bus on the right.
The purse that the woman has over her shoulder.
purse held by the woman.
A black office chair with tape on it.
A black swivel chair.
man wearing glasses sitting at table.
A man wearing dark dress near a woman sitting at dining table.
A girl laying down wearing a white shirt taking pictures of an elephant.
A woman taking a picture.
A jug of unmarked orangle liquid in a fridge.
this is a jug of kool-aid in a refridgerator.
A black horse giving a child a ride.
horse that a girl with a white t-shirt is riding.
An elephant driver / handler.
man with bare feet on elephant.
Black purse sitting on a wooden chair.
briefcase sitting on chair next to laptop.
the square sink on the right.
sink on right.
Bus in the middle of the crowd.
bus.
A woman in blue shirt and large green bowl is smiling and holding a bottle.
Older woman in a blue shirt with a big gold bow on the front.
A woman is standing to play the wii.
Woman standing up with Wii remote.
White chair next to woman.
the chair by the ladies right arm in the right hand picture.
The obscured baseball player.
person in backround.
A woman in  a blue outfit making a claw with her hand.
Woman in the blue dress.
KIT GIRAFFE DOWN THE HEAD.
the giraffe that is bending his neck downward.
The man standing in a truck.
A man in the back of a truck.
boy wearing a blue helmet.
A boy with a blue helmet.
A women wearing red shorts.
girl holding surf board.
The woman wearing a hat.
A woman in a boat preparing food.
A large chair with cheetah print pillows on it.
A couch with two leopard pillows on it.
the red and white bout marked R1.
red and white boat with hull marking RI.
The right arm holding a camera.
An bare arm and hand that is holding a cell phone taking a picture.
A man wearing a black cap.
a man in a white shirt next to a man in a green shirt.
A man wearing a red and yellow safety vest.
A man wearing a construction vest holding what appears to be magazines.
Person in a blue shirt.
A man in a blue shirt and shorts with his arm around a woman.
a grey sheet blocking a table.
MAN ON FAR LEFT.
An old man.
Older man with a blue long-sleeve shirt holding cup of coffee in kitchen.
A bed with brown sheets.
A cot matteress with a brown folded blanket.
a boy wearing black watching the donuts in front of him.
A BOY WEARING BLACK COLOR T SHIRT CHEERIOS STICKER AND WEARING EYE GLASS.
A girl wearing specs and green tote enjoying kite fly.
A woman with black hair with bag on her shoulder.
A black color dress woman wearing spects watching the other man.
A girl in kitchen watching cooking.
The middle picture of both of the girls.
the chair next to the boy.
a sofa behind the boy.
A pastry covered in frosting and sugar next to a starbucks drink.
Chocolate donut standing up in front.
The back wheel of a bike parked on the street.
The bench is behind the bike on the street.
A red truck.
A red jeep that is rusty.
zebra in a cage.
The grey minivan.
A silver van parked on the side of the road.
the woman with the hat and stripped shirt but in the picture on the right.
Woman on the right horse wearing a black and white striped shirt.
a black duffle bag with a face on it.
A black backpack with white writing.
A white bathtub set in multi-colored tile.
A bathroom tub which is used for bath.
The front half of an airline jet, which reads, QANTAS, and, Spirit of Australia.
A Qantas jet that says Spirit of Australia on the side.
The person holding the book.
A woman holding a book.
A banana with a worried face behind other bananas with a knife cutting down its side.
banana in the far right with a ashamed face.
The wooden chair that is closest to the camera.
Brown chair partially under the table.
A smiling woman standing in outside diner in a dark coat and gloves holding a bowl with a spagetti meal inside.
A woman standing and smiling witha bowel of chili.
giraffe in back, standing in shade of trees.
the giraffe in the far back.
A woman standing under an umbrella.
A woman in a brown coat, with an umbrella.
long, whole broccoli floret.
The first piece of broccoli that has a floret if coming from the bottom.
The bicycle on the right is lavender colored.
A bicycle with large round wheels tilted against a railing to the right.
A bicycle locked on the right post.
man's bare arm.
Hand and arm on tablecloth.
The woman that is standing and leaning over the table.
lady with red top in the left side of the image.
A person in a knit cap wearing a leather jacket.
Man with black leather jacket.
A large elephant standing in the grass by a swamp.
A large elephant with it's trunk folded up.
Rider wearing orange who is in the lead.
A person wearing a red and white uniform riding a motorcycle in front of a competitor on a race track.
An apple in between two other apples.
An apple between two otehr apples.
a motorcycle with orange lights.
a motorcycle is in the back of the room behind another motorcycle.
person holding green skateboard.
A girl holding a green skateboard.
A carry on suit case with an american red cross bag on top.
The roller suitcase that has the red cross bag on top of it.
The red and tan purse with the hearts.
a bag with hearts.
a black rolling suitcase.
A TROLLY BAG HANDLING BY A KID.
A big elephant.
A large gray elephant in the grass in an animal pen.
Glass of water on the table.
A glass of water.
A cow standing behind another cow.
A brown and white cow facing the creek.
An antique brown chair.
A wood chair with a back.
man with beard black shirt and khaki shorts grey shorts flipping off camera.
A scruffy young man making an obscene gesture.
The pizza slice to the left of the one with the knife under it.
The slice of pizza to the left of the slice with a utensil under it.
The kite on the ground.
LARGE COLORFUL KITE LAYING ON BEACH.
a giraffe eating a branch on the right.
A giraffe with brown spots playing with a rope toy.
A dog lying on the grass with a lady on it.
Dog lying under woman.
A green horse cookie on top of a cake.
green horse on cake.
The girl in blue.
The boy in blue.
The motorcycle at the rear of the trailer.
A blue and green checkered bike behind a matching bike on a trailer.
A woman with a pickle in her mouth.
The lady with the hotdog and a pickle in her mouth.
The man in the middle.
A man standing between two other men looking at the camera.
the hands of a child on the right.
Hands near the bag of baby spinach.
A girl with brown hair wearing a maroon t-shirt and plaid shorts standing in the sand at the beach.
A girl on a beach throwing a green Frisbee.
The bacon pizza on the white tray.
A plate full of food ready to eat.
The glass in front of the pizza.
a glass of water next to a pizza.
the black car in the back side.
black color car in the back side of the image.
An out of focus skier behind the skier subject of the photo.
The leg of an athlete otherwise obscured by another athlete dressed in red.
woman in black shirt.
A woman wearing a black shirt and blue jeans.
A burgundy color bicycle.
BABY PLAYING TENNIS.
An Asian toddler wearing a floral top, pink capris, and white sandals while holding an orange tennis raquet. .
A man in a yellow jacket snowboarding down a hill.
the standing parson in yellow jacket.
The large white crt computer monitor.
Computer monitor at the far right end of the desk.
a white toilet seat to the left of another seat.
A redheaded woman holding an orange pumpkin.
woman wearing green rain suit holding a small orange pumpkin.
A back wheel of a motorcycle.
a  brown dog responded to his owner's command.
The dog next to the table.
A man with long hair in a blue shirt is holding a game controller.
A man in a blue tshirt, playing the Wii.
The plane in the back.
A white airplane awaiting takeoff behind another airplane.
a bike with a man wearing a black coat with helmet.
A black color bike where man is sitting on it.
A black and white dog sitting on a blanket.
A black and white dog.
futuristic apperaing white high speed train in a station.
A front of a high-speed train.
The photographer has dark hair.
A womans head next to a camera and three people.
a small cup of coffee with a cardboard coffee coazie to keep it from burning your hands.
a small coffee.
Part of an umbrella that is only showing white and blue on it.
an umbrella not being held.
White bird on beach.
bird on the beach.
A white bird underneath a set of zebras.
A bird infront of zebra.
A young male child with a red shirt and blue jeans holding a wii remote.
A BOY PLAYING THE GAME.
BROWN COLOR SOFA  AND SIDE POSITION SITTING THE GIRL.
brown leather couch behind remote.
The boat in the back right with a light below the mast.
the yacht has light in the upper body.
black girl wearing a jean jacket.
A young black woman holding left hand to her chest.
a girl next to another girl with an umbrella.
The whole apple.
A red apple.
meter behind white jeep.
A parking meter behind a white SUV.
the two hotdogs.
both of the hotdogs.
The obscured giraffe.
A giraffe on the right, eating from a trough.
a black chair closest to the camera.
The black chair with the red throw.
A person riding a white horse waiting for orders with a fluffy white sheep in the foreground.
The white and grey pony that the man is riding.
woman with blode hair swinging a bat.
A girl batting.
The pork beside the carrots.
About 2 ounces of pork cut into small pieces in a yellow cup.
The car closest to the camera.
An electric toothbrush with three blue lines.
The toothbrush with three small, purple bands on it.
A baby elephant between a sleeping elephant and a standing large elephant.
A calf.
A person picking up a coffee cup.
A person in a robe seated near a coffee cup.
Orange shiny fruit with bananas on the side.
A plate of food with many toppings.
This piece of veggie pizza is topped with cheese, mushrooms, tomatoes, broccoli and green and red  peppers.
a blue bus.
Bus which is to the left of another bus.
The brown table where three people are sitting and eating.
Part of a brown wooden table.
Part of the screen with numbers.
digital display in the white board.
A red bus with a yellow banner on the side.
double layer bus in left most side of the image.
An quaint bus seemingly from the 20th century.
A orange and white bus with lots of windows.
A young white sheep huddling close to its mother.
The bussel of bananas in the back.
bananas in the back.
A giraffe standing in front of a fence and in front of another giraffe.
A giraffe on the front side of the fence.
Two glasses of white wine and one glass of red wine sitting on a table.
A woman in a black shirt wearing a blue necklace.
A woman with a black shirt is wearing a turquoise necklace.
A man holding a tennis ball wearing jeans and a white shirt.
A man in a white shirt holding a tennis ball.
a white laptop screen.
computer screen with white edge.
bus with orange paint on the back.
The bus that is white, blue, orange and red.
the man, not the reflection.
The man who is brushing his teeth that is not a reflection.
A train that is yellow in color.
A yellow train that is not currently in transit, named InfraNord.
The motorcycle with the rainbow flag.
A motorcycle with an upside-down V sign behind the guard.
a reflection of brown cat with white whiskers on water.
A black and tan cat overlooking its reflection on a sunny day.
The boat with says marleni-n on it.
An old row boat with 'Marleni-IV' written on it.
grey couch in the right top most corner of the image.
The gray fabric chair in the corner with magazines on it.
The container holding the fish and green vegetables.
Person in white shirt and khaki shorts.
girl on left side.
A duck with it's head in its wing.
The bird looking to it's side.
a teenage elephant walking next to his mom.
A medium sized elephant next to a bigger elephant.
The zebra is at an angle in front of the other zebra.
zebra left.
A notebook and stack of papers on the table.
A stack of paper and notebooks adjacent to a apple.
A cup of pepsi with straw kept on the table along with a small tub of pop corn.
the pepsi soda cup.
The man running behind the frisbee.
a guy with adidas sockjs.
A young boy wearing a wet suit and holding a surfboard as he standing between a man and a woman.
The kid in the swim suit that has black hair.
A woman sitting on the curb with her legs straight.
side of pickup truck.
A gray jeep parked in front of a large tarp.
The yellow banana is trying to escape from the rest of the bunch.
banana separated from bunch.
The glass next to the silverware.
This glass of water is not enough to quench my thirst.
A BULLET TRAIN ON HIS WAY TO DESTINY.
A red speed train that takes passengers to desired places with the numbers 4382 on its front head.
A dark haired man holding a small child.
A man carring his baby.
The man in the black shirt and white sleeves.
A young man running to catch a frisbee wearing a knee brace.
a guy in a white shirt.
A man with a white shirt and a tennis racket.
The man holding the parrots.
A MAN SMILING AND HOLDING HIS BLUE AND RED COLOR PARROT.
skateboarder in air.
The skateboarder farthest to the right of the picture.
man wearing blue shirt in front of oranges.
Boy with blue long sleeved shirt and arms crossed.
Half of a sandwich with a green topped toothpick stuck in it.
The shorter giraffe with its next in front of the other giraffe.
A smaller giraffe rubbing it's head against the neck of a larger giraffe.
A young sheep with a black and white face.
Younger sheep.
a bald man on a surfboard.
A smiling bald man in a black and grey bodysuit.
A cement bench with a skater on top.
A solid, sturdy white concrete bench is being used by a skateboarder to launch off of.
The white horse on the riders left.
The left side horse is walking with accompany to the right horse.
A woman in front of a drop cloth.
woman standing in front of sky backdrop.
Lounge chair on the right of other.
A yellow chair on the right of a small table.
That is a baseball player sliding into home plate.
Baseball player with number 13 on uniform.
Black Iphone.
Telephone underneath a tablet.
Large computer monitor on the left of the table.
A computer screen with two green and yellow boxes.
A plant to the right of the blue sign.
A potted plant above a tennis racket.
the white purse that the woman in blue is holding.
a white colour bag which is weared by a women who is weared a blue shirt.
A man wearing a black toboggan, orange coat and black pants standing on skis with 2 other people with ski poles in one hand.
A man in orange shirt.
A man wearing a white hat with a cherry on top.
a man dressed up like a ice cream cone standing near a black horse.
a brown horse standing in front of another horse.
The horse that is closest to the camera, it is slightly darker in color than the other horse, and it is facing towards the right.
A circular rainbow kite.
rainbow colored circle kite.
A man wearing a black suit and a striped tie.
a man in a brown suit with a striped tie.
male on far right in black t-shirt.
A man in a black T-shirt that says QuickSilver.
A woman opening a bottle behind the counter.
The woman is preparing food.
The girl with the pigtails in the food truck.
A woman with braided hair serving food from a truck.
a woman sitting at the dinner table.
A woman eating food with black sunglasses on.
The control panel of a motorcycle.
A man in dark athletic pants and sweatshirt getting supplies ready for fishing.
a man with black pants whose back side can only be seen.
The brown and white cow next to the pole.
Animal looking at camera.
a black car driving down the road.
The pure green umbrella towards the right.
a green umbrella with no one under it.
The laptop screen in front of the person in the brown jacket furthest to the right.
The rear tire of a black bike.
A BLACK COLOR CYCLE FRONT WHEEL NEAR BY YELLOW COLORED CYCLE \AND PUPPY DOG.
Zebra looking to its right.
A BLACK AND WHITE ZEBRA WITH ITS HEAD TURNED TO THE LEFT.
A child is reading a board book to another small child.
A kid hugging his baby sibling while reading a book.
skateboard under rider.
The skateboard that is grinding the ramp.
duck flying with wings outstretched.
THE  BIRD   FLY TOP.
A man with black hair wearing a white t shirt that is sitting down.
A man in a white shirt sitting in the background behind a woman holding a toddler.
An onlooker with a camera shoots a trio of flying kites.
Man in black shirt and jeans photographing kites.
A cow standing to the side.
A cow looking at a dead cow on the ground.
A multi colored cat is near a tree.
A man in a orange vest.
A person in an orange caution vest standing by a train.
A banana on the right of a bunch of bananas.
a banann.
the bear in the backside which is not visible fully.
A brown bear wading in a river behind another bear.
a person with white hair seating on skating board.
a man with a blue shirt and grey jumper with one hand stretched out.
A man in a blue and gray shirt with outstretched arm.
Girl in a red shirt smiling.
Red skirt and foot of woman standing behind fence.
A blurry person behind the fence wearing red short and brown boots.
toliet on right.
Toilet on right.
The baseball player kneels down out of the way of the ball being thrown.
A BASE BALL PLAYER KNEELING DOWN WITH HIS CO-PLAYER.
A jockey racing a horse on the outside of the pack.
man with blue hat that has a green cover on his horse.
The man in the back wearing a suit and smiling.
The smiling man near the curtains.
a white sheet.
A fluffy white pillow.
A blue, grey, and black camping backpack with a red tent strapped to it.
Blue luggage on the side of the road.
A skateboarder directly in front of a green sign.
A bench is being used for kids to sit on and eat their lunch.
A zebra drinking some water out of a puddle on the ground.
zebra on left.
a white fluffy object touching the cats back.
A white cat to the right of an orange cat.
the child is skating on road and looking somewhere else.
The girl in the blue shirt behind the rail.
A large bus in front of the others with a broken side window.
A BUS NUMBERED 8852 STANDING ON THE ROAD.
young child in jeans and a pink jacket swinging a yellow bat.
baby girl in pink coat holding bat.
A table containing the drinks of three customers; one in green, one in blue, and one in black.
Four drinks on a wooden table.
A brown leather couch near a window.
a brown leather loveseat near a window.
A person off the screen in a white shirt next to a pizza.
The right shoulder of someone wearing a white shirt and a vest to the left of a pizza.
a person sitting down.
The man in the tank top.
LEFT TOILET.
A toilet painted to show the interior components in blue, black, and white.
The brown wooden dining chair an older person is sitting on next to a little boy about to blow out birthday candles on a cake.
chair to the right.
A man in a brown vest standing outside of a garage.
The man in the orange vest.
A giraffe standing next to some rocks with its neck extended.
Giraffe walking across grass.
A old man sat on the sofa and holding glass.
A MAN WITH SOFA.
a baseball player standing with his bat.
A baseball player wearing a red and white uniform.
Cooked carrots on a plate next to green beans.
A pile of carrots on a plate.
The back of the chair directly behind the chair at the table with the plate on it.
police biker 4th from left.
The middle police motorcycle in a line of them on the street.
Two small dog treats with writing on them.
Two cookies sitting on a plate.
A man wearing a blue shirt and gray pants looking a bear.
guy on left.
Chair with the white cushion on the left.
The chair with the white cusion on the back nearest the brick wall and plants.
black laptop.
the black laptop with a piece of paper on its keyboard.
An inflatable balloon with spikes.
A large blue, black, red and white object with red cones all around it and the initials MKF on it.
A pizza in a pan.
A fresh pizza rests on the table.
bowl.
green and white bowl of cereal.
The man holding the umbrella.
PERSON WITH UMBRELLA.
A woman wearing a black shirt holding a napkin in one hand.
a female with a black top on.
the cake that states happy birthday daddy.
The square piece of cake is adorned with a lit candle and a birthday message to dad.
A flower vase between two others.
flower bottle in middle like a mango shape.
the guy in white in the right hand picture.
man sitting on the elephant with ash color shirt and blue jean.
the giraffe with its neck parallel to the ground.
a dog sitting in a motorcycle's sidecar.
A vehicle and a dog in front of another vehicle.
The vintage car on the left.
Front view of antique car.
a girl with her arm over her head.
Girl in a black shirt scratching her neck.
A baby zebra.
A baby zebra next to an adult zebra.
A man in brown watching two people playing video games.
A male in a dark shirt sitting on a couch.
zebra to the left of another zebra.
Two zebras standing side by side.
A wooden chair with pillow resting on carpet. Parts of other furniture also seen.
The brown wood bench has a tan colored cushion.
the brown marble table.
A stained table with plates of pie on it.
The zebra farthest to the right.
The zebra head to the far right.
A dark brown horse with a green leg wrap.
A brown horse with a green saddle.
A bin of fresh grapefruits.
The bin of oranges in bags which are only slightly ripe.
the spider plant at the right side of the window.
A plant hanging in a planter on the right side of the window.
Smaller cow following a bigger cow on the road.
brown and white cow.
The man in the white shirt wearing glasses.
A man wearing white holding a tennis racket.
Half drink in glass in middle front behind french fry and food plate.
A pilsner glass is half full of beer next to a fuller glass and full plate of food.
the woman guiding the cow.
A woman in a white shirt holding a leash attached to a cow.
this man is bending over at a table.
a man with brown dress.
A polar bear on the right.
A bear which is at the right side of the other two bears.
Brown sofa couch where black dress person sitting.
A leather couch that a woman in tall boots is sitting on.
This is a desert in a glass on a white plate.
dessert in glass on small plate.
The front half of a horse.
dark brown horse with bridle on.
The teapot is sitting on the stove.
The stove top and the controls of the stove.
An elephant standing in front of another elephant.
Elephant with mouth closed.
A bus that is close to the camera.
A Fullington bus being cheered on its way into town.
The man with a moustache.
Man in a light grey shirt whit his arm and hand across his chest.
GUY ON LEFT.
bread sandwich in table.
A bowl of fried snack and tomato sauce in a green spoon.
the brown dog.
A brown dog.
The right side of a man who is mostly out of view.
The person on the far right.
A baby with a pink shirt.
this is a baby by two birds.
man in white shirt.
A man in a white shirt at a desk.
A woman hitting a tennis ball with a racket.
A woman hitting a ball with her bat while playing teenis.
White sink.
tub.
White couch next to large wooden cabinet.
The white couch sitting on the side of the room that the oranges are on.
front end of gray SUV and back end of white SUV.
White SUV with its lift gate open.
A base ball player in white jersy and pant wearing blue cap trying to field the ball.
A baseball player sliding on his front with his right hand touching the base.
A white coffee mug next to a plate filled with a halved sandwich and leafy salad.
A white coffee mug.
The motorcycle with the tag of 85 33 CM.
The motorcycle with an 85 on it.
A learge white airplane with red writing on it and had the large red stairs next to it.
A red and white plane that says ' AirIndia' on the side.
A motorcycle rider.
A man in a red coat wearing a helmet on a motorcycle.
a man sitting on a couch holding a bottle and a racket.
a man wearing a white head band.
right most lemon.
zebra standing in middle with head down.
The zebra in the middle with its face near the ground.
An italian tomato cake piece with cream and strawberry.
a white cake with berries.
Half of a sandwich laying between fries and a pickle.
A half of a sandwich up against a pickle and fries behind it.
The quesadilla farthest to the left of the plate.
The taco on the farthest left.
A dirty lamb sits in a pen.
A close up of a sheep laying down with its eyes closed and mouth open.
a bowl of green veggies.
A greens food on the boul in front of the cook.
table that person with red coat is sitting at.
a plate.
White cake with yellow and pink trim in icing.
White, yellow, and pink frosted sheet cake.
a clear square box wuth broccoli.
A square plastic food container holding broccoli.
A man in dark clothing holding a skateboard.
A guy walking with his skates on his right hand.
The woman who is holding her skiis and smiling.
A girl in skis.
The reflection of a woman and a dog in a mirror.
The reflection of a dog and its groomer who are looking at a camera.
A giraffe that is larger than the other.
A tall giraffe.
zebra to the right backwards.
zebra, which you cannot see the face of.
The baseball player that is swinging the bat.
Batter swinging the bat.
Second elephant with a person in orange on it.
A toothbrush handle with green stripes.
A hand with the thumb and first finger pinching a laptop screen.
A hand on the screen of a laptop.
A woman looks at a cell phone with a man standing behind her.
A woman with long, blond hair holding a cell phone.
a blue folder that a red teddy bear is sitting on top of.
Blue book cover under another book.
The hand of the man holding a smaller knife.
The hands of someone cutting a cake.
A small lamb lying closest to the adult.
A lamb looking up at a sheep.
The furthest away sheep.
A fluffy cat staring at another cat.
vase full of candle tarts.
A large clear vase full of a potpourri of items.
A man about to take a picture of two giraffes.
A photographer standing in between two giraffes.
Cesar's Way book.
A BOOK OF CESAR'S WAY.
the bottom sandwich half.
The black chair in front of the only white laptop in focus.
A white cat with black spots.
Cat with black spots on its white back.
an elephant in front of several other elephants.
TWO SHEEP RUNNING THE GROUND.
The sheep closest to the dog.
glass of water with lemon next two bowl of vegetables.
the glass of water in between the hildon bottles.
A toshiba computer on display.
Laptop computer on left side of table.
a plate of rice, mashed sweet potato and broccoli.
a plate of fried rice with vegetables on the table along with fork and knife.
the apple computer.
A laptop with a word processor open.
A lady with a maroon T-Shirt showing her back.
An old lady with grey hair, in dark maroon clothing.
A brown haired woman wearing a black and pink wetsuit carrying a white and black surfboard.
A surfer with dreadlocks and a white surf board.
A little girl in a blue dress.
A little girl in a blue dress near a man.
a green blue yellow and red umbrella on the left.
2nd umbrella from right.
A man with a beard and cigarette riding a motorcycle.
A smoking man in overalls riding a motorcycle.
A clear drinking glass.
A glass of water.
A table with a small white piece of paper on it.
A table with a triangle folded napkin on the end.
A man playing an electric guitar at a news stand.
A man in a store playing guitar.
the man in the green shirt.
The white-haired man on the elephant.
A table cloth.
the bottom part of the tablecloth.
Person in Tan Khaki shorts behind dog.
table under the spotted cake.
Surface below iced cake.
Food in the back of the middle tray.
A sandwich next to the pasta.
The toast on the right that says "hold".
toast with pasta on the right side.
Larger, black keyboard.
A Microsoft make keyboard of a computer near another keyboard.
blue motorcycle.
a blue chrome motorcyle.
zebra laying on the ground.
A black and white zebra lying down in the brown dirt.
A BABY INSERT BRUSH IN HIS MON MOUTH.
A baby in pink Pjs holding a tooth brush in a woman's mouth.
A woman with glasses sitting at a counter.
a woman in a white shirt.
Woman in a short sleeved top.
A women sitting at the dinner table with her arms on the table.
An empty grey chair, next to a blue chair.
the empty chair near Kermit.
cow eating grass in the back side.
The cow that is eating grass.
A person in a white shirt, sitting at a table.
Man sitting opposite us.
The body and head of the giraffe looking awat, and the body but not the head of the giraffe looking sideways at the camera.
zebra looking at the right side.
Two giraffes looking in opposite directions.
A blurry giraffe facing the left.
A boy with yellow sandals sweeps the tile floor with a straw broom.
A boy playing with a broom.
the white chair the man is sitting on.
the chair the man is sitting on.
A man in a striped shirt is standing oppsite and between two men.
A man in a stripped shirt looks angrily at the camera.
table to the right of white purse.
A TABLE NEXT TO SAME ONE WHO ALL ARE OPERATING MOBILE PHONE.
skateboard positioned upright in hands of person on top of ramp.
BLACK HORSE TRYING TO CARRY THE CATAGE.
A horse pulling a cart a a man in blue.
A curly-haired woman eating.
The woman with curly hair holding a plate and facing the camera.
The stuffed animal on the right.
a stuffed animal being held on a person's back; this one is located on the right.
Guy with a long gray shirt and wearing a neck pillow making a sign with his hands.
a boy wearing a long sleeved shirt.
The drink that is closest to the pastries.
A drink with a lid on it between two other drinks and a basket of baked goods.
There is nobody riding this skateboard.
A skateboard alone on the ground.
A white work truck KX53 ENV.
The truck that says Biffo on the front and is facing towards the camera.
THE REFLECTIONS OF THE PEOPLE IN THE WINDOW.
A reflection of a man in the window.
A black vehicle to the left of a man and a horse.
Black bus with a large mirror.
A man sitting on a bench reading  while other people are walking past him.
A MAN READING A BOOK.
Black laptop computer.
A screen for a laptop.
The table has pizza and drinks on it.
a marble table with cups and plates and a tray of pizza on it and silverware on it.
A woman with black hair in blue and white.
A woman wearing a cream colored cardigan looking at a plate of chocolate.
A man with his eyes closed wearing a white t-shirt and gray shorts.
Man in white shirt, sitting on couch between two other people.
A cat lays down on a striped bed.
A cat lying on the bed.
A light blue motorcycle with an American flag attached to the side.
blue motorcycle with a man and a woman on it.
a black cow seeing.
A black cow standing next to a brown cow.
a women in blue jacket stand on the road with two other people.
a woman in purple with a polka dot blanket.
A man in a black shirt catching a Frisbee.
two boys jump up for a frisbee.
A black horse.
black horse.
A boy playing baseball.
The baseball player.
A pint of beer is resting on the table next to the salad.
container above container with white stuff.
the seat the woman is in.
A green camping chair a young woman is sitting in.
A man using a laptop.
A MAN WEARING YELLOW LINE SHIRT & BLUE JEANS USING LAPTOP.
the man in the surfer suit.
Man in a black wet suit surfing looking down.
A red-haired woman with glasses sitting at a table next to another lady.
A woman with red hair and glasses eating.
The background between his head and the racket.
The man in the hat with the blue shirt and the black shorts.
a man with blue shirt and black shorts leaning on a trailer.
a red leather chair facing the TV.
Red chair near windows.
the white purse.
A white handbag on a woman's arm.
A wooden table in a restaurant.
The wooden picknick table closest to the camera.
A dish of food heats over a small flame.
A chafing dish of food in the middle of a table with white plates with food around it.
silver full-sized laptop.
A silver laptop.
white color car next to truck.
A tennis ball on an art display.
a tennis ball on a TV during a woman's tennis match.
A bird to the right of two other birds.
the wild turkey closest to the camera is looking away.
A LADY DRINKING COFFEE WITH HER BOY FRIEND.
woman drinking out of cup.
A wine glass by a glass of water.
A white bird with black wing tips and red feet.
A plastic seagull sitting on a rock.
A little girl.
small child in pink bib sitting on man's lap.
The front edge of a tan scooter with a carrying container on it.
The back end of a brown motorcycle.
The blant behind the empty chair.
a tree behind a green bottle of wine.
the banana cupcake on the left.
The dark brown chair behind the dog.
Antique ladder back chair with woven seat next to a rustic pink pot in a wrought iron stand.
boy in burgundy shirt.
Person in red shirt.
brown color table in the front side.
Shiny wooden table close to the camera.
A peeled blood red orange with lots of fiber attached.
a half of blood orange to the left of another half.
BROWN COLOR BED  AND SECOND POSITION.
Bed with dark comforter and blue pillow.
A woman with a pink dress and white scarf standing next to a man.
woman in pink dress.
a homemade pizza on a peel.
Pizza that is on wood tray.
A man with dark glasses and a drink in his hand.
A man holding a glass up to his mouth.
The toy train for children.
A green train engine on the tracks next to a building.
A lady in a pink tank top and pink hat wearing flip-flops and standing with a green bicycle.
Woman with pink hat and shirt on a bicycle.
the circle on the bottom under the clock.
The catcher, walking away from the batter.
a baseball catcher.
A boy in a blue hoodie standing by a fire hydrant.
boy wearing blue and black.
red motorcycle with a person wearing jeans sitting on it.
The 3rd zebra from the left.
A man watching a tennis match in a blue shirt and orange shorts.
A non active tennis play wearing a blue shirt and orange bottoms.
A team player in a blue & white baseball uniform in front of the umpire.
Catcher crouched down between batter and umpire.
An indoor plant that is at the corner of the room.
A plant on the floor with large leaves.
Gray swivel chair.
the empty grey chair.
Mother giraffe tending to the baby giraffe at the zoo.
A giraffe bent down toa smaller giraffe.
The cow that is looking away.
Black cow on the left.
A man in a blue tie.
The man on the left.
The foot of a person wearing sandals.
a sandaled foot curled under a chair.
the car closest to the camera.
The hood of a car with a large animal to the right of it.
A brown sofa chair sitting next to window curtains.
The chair on the far right partially obscured by the pole.
A cicle donut on the right of a plate.
The glazed doughnut on the right.
Laptop with a business card leaning against the laptop screen.
laptop in the middle.
A train engine parked behind a car with yellow and red colors.
train part with yellow painting and number 47845.
A black sheep to the left of the sign.
a sheep staring at the camera.
Person with blue vest learning to ski.
Skier between two men holds onto a stick.
a surfboard being held by a girl.
A blue and white surfboard.
mama elephant in the right hand picture.
A mother elephant.
the head of a sheep next to the head of a sheep staring at the camera.
A wooly sheep nuzzled up to another sheep.
elephant with trunk near the ground.
A baby elephant with its head facing down and its trunk near the ground.
A silver train whose front is visible.
A train moving with MARC on the front.
A black train sitting to the right of a red train.
a black and yellow train.
a bottle with full of skol vodka & placed on a table in kitchen.
a large bottle of vodka near a woman.
A tennis player with a bandana tied around his head like a headband.
A person playing tennis and wearing black shorts.
The lady is brushing the other ladies hair.
A girl with glasses combing a ladies hair.
the short blue suitcase on the ground.
the small blue suitcase.
bear sitting on rocks next to grass.
The backside of a big black bear.
blonde girl in green top with remote in her hand.
a woman holding a Wii controller.
The computer screen behind the woman with glasses.
the right horse in the right hand picture.
the horse with all black legs but a brown body.
The big black man with the sweater.
a man wearing a black vest.
The truck that says TOT on its side.
white truck with blue writing on left.
the dappled horse with its ears back.
The whole mottled grey and white horse on the right side of the image.
A young boy wearing a black hoodie with white strings sitting on a bed.
Person in the back with the white strings on his chest.
bowl of red soup.
white bowl of soup.
arm wearing blue sleeve and reaching for the bag.
woman reaching for bag.
Person wearing black jeans and blue shoes.
A person in blue sneakers holding a skateboard.
a vintage white car.
The car on the near side of the street.
A man in white shirt holding a cellphone.
A man holding a phone taking photo.
hands of the person with a ring on the finger.
hands of the person at the middle computer.
white horse with brown marks on it.
A white a brown horse with its head down and grazing.
A light brown cow eating hay next to darker cow.
A lightly colored beast of burden.
Woman holding wine glass.
A woman holding a phone.
A piece o pizza from the whole pizza in a plate.
The baby that a man is holding.
Baby wearing white snowsuit.
A dark green car on a flatbed.
a black car on a tow truck.
The giraffe on the far right.
A dark brown and white giraffe facing to the right.
a man with white t shirt.
a man was playing video game.
A red and yellow cup.
paper cup.
Man in a white shirt.
A man in a white shirt eating a sandwich.
Large white SUV parked along the street.
a white vehicle.
Man at the catcher position.
The catcher with his glove out.
A red pillow.
couch and pillow in the left bottom corner.
A man with a woman hiding behind him.
a man with facial hair, holding his arm above his while a girl in the background is popping out from behind.
The girl in the middle wearing the white shirt.
woman in middle.
GREEN SIGNAL LIGHT ON ROAD].
traffic light with green arrows.
The black car in rain with beside dog.
A black two door car is parked.
A bottle of Smirnoff vodka for a birthday celebration.
A vodka bottle.
A dark brown horse on the ground.
A dark brown horse walking towards a building.
A bowl on the right side of the pitza.
the man wearing the long black wig with sunglasses on.
A MAN WITH A LADY HOLDING GLASS.
a black chair by a gray table and is far right of a person sitting on another chair.
Black metal chair far right pushed in under table.
Shaggy brown dog sitting in front of grey pole.
A long haired dog laying in front of a bike's pedals.
A guy in a yellow shirt under shelter watching a person on a dirt bike jump.
Man in a yellow shirt standing in a gazebo.
An older woman in heels and black sits next to a man.
Person sitting on bench in a black shirt.
A woman.
A smiling woman in a black jacket.
A white truck immediately behind a baggage cart.
The white truck with its door open that is nearest the workers.
floral patterned tablecloth under fruit plate.
shorter cow.
The back of a folding metal chair that is white.
The back rest of the grey metal chair.
A man in a hat talking on a cell phone.
A MAN SPEAKING IN MOBILE PHONE.
the dark brown horse with black hair in the middle.
The horse in the middle of the three inside the fence.
A cow behind the other two cows.
the cow on the right.
A glass of iced soda with a straw in it.
a cola glass with ice in it on the table kept along with two pizzas.
an asian woman in a cream jacket with black frogs wearing a pattened skirt, carrying a letter.
WOMANWALKING.
A large boat carrying many people, which has four masts and which is being watched by a couple on a bench.
CRUISE BOAT.
A bannana sticking out in front of the camera.
The man.
A man being licked by a giraffe.
A woman in a dark sweater standing in front of an electronics panel.
A person in a dark sweater.
todo mundo notebook laying on a desk.
The light gray notebook resting under the two notebook with spiral binding.
Two giraffes graing over the grass in a cage.
The smaller of the two giraffes.
A couch with several throw pillows on it in the living room.
A grey sofa with four pillows.
A woman wearing glasses.
A woman with a purple shirt and silver pendant on.
The pink suitcase.
A pink hard-shell suitcase sitting under a family portrait.
A young girl wearing a grey sweater.
Child in a blue shirt holding noodles on a fork.
a woman looking at the camera.
A woman win a white shirt holding a glass of water.
A brown horse.
A solid brown horse.
The bird is holding his head up.
The parrot that is looking away from the other parrot.
A girl wearing a pink skirt.
a girl wearing a tennis outfit.
A pink teddy bear laying on it's back.
A pink soft toy.
a man in a blue shirt.
A man in a blue shirt.
A woman with blonde hair laying on a man's chest.
A blonde woman smiling.
A chair which is girl sitting.
A chair on which a girl is sitting.
A plate with black cake on it.
Some pie on a circular white plate.
A red boat on the grass with long poles.
A  red boat sits landlocked in a grassy field which at one point was a body of water.
A woman in a blue top and blue jeans.
A man and a woman in a pool, where the woman is wearing a red bathing suit and is hitting the man with a noodle.
A men is standing between to women in the swimming pool.
A white male wearing a black t-shirt and gray sweatpants with red shoes.
A man with his mouth wide open stands next to a skateboarder.
The bottom sandwich.
The left half of a sandwich.
black color couch in the back side of the lady with red top.
The chair behind the woman with the red top.
A pizza next to a bowl of tomatoes.
pizza dough with tomato sauce on the white plate at bottom of picture.
A women sitting and taking notes .
A woman in a green shirt and ponytail is behind the man posing.
The giant red bus drives down the road.
double decker bus with 109 BUSARAS on it.
The cup to the right.
A purple inflatable teddy bear.
A purple inflated bear that is being flown like a kite.
The surf board that the man is holding.
A boat  with red mark holding by a man.
Black dog on four legs.
a dark colored dog looking out the door.
A white armchair opposite a white loveseat.
The pizza that is held by two hands.
A piece of pizza held by the man with a beard.
Guy in yellow shirt snowboarding on street.
A snowboarder in a yellow shirt tries to get momentum riding his board on a street.
This is a chair with a pillow on it.
Policeman riding a horse in front of crates talking to a man in overalls.
A man sitting on a horse.
The plant in the red pot.
A earth tone flower pot with a green bush in it.
Largest plane in the foreground facing left.
plane with world written on it.
A woman in a bikini holding a beach towel.
A woman wearing a black 2 piece bikini holding a orange and white striped towel.
A woman stands next to a surf board.
Woman wearing yellow bikini and sunglasses holding surf board.
An older asian woman with grey hair.
An old lady wearing glasses and a grey dress.
a man standing next to a girl on a surfboard.
man standing in water without shirt.
A girl in a black sports top with a tennis racquet in her right hand.
a woman wearing a black tank top swinging a tennis racket.
The orange cat is sitting on the side of the sink.
BROWN CAT.
a man smoking a cigaret.
Man squatting smoking cigarette holding a towel.
A black bicycle is leaning against the brown desk to the right of the man.
a bike in a shop.
A man in a white shirt to the left side of the ramp.
A man in a white shirt skateboarding at a skate park with another man.
An all white laptop with a black screen.
A white laptop.
The girl on the horse.
A little girl in pink wearing a cowboy hat and riding a horse.
The legs of the chair directly behind the fork.
A chair behind the finger of the man cutting pizza.
Black umbrella being held by a woman.
a blue umbrella being held by a woman.
adult elephant trunk.
An Edinburgh Tour bus which is traveling with a small car in front of it and a second tour bus behind it.
Bus that is in front of the other bus.
the backside of a brown adult elephant.
The elephant behind the other.
Stack of 4 old luggage pieces all tan in color.
4 BROWN COLOR OLD SUITCASE  HOLDING THE GIRL HAND.
a cut half of a sandwich on the bottom.
A cheese pizza sitting on a wood table.
The pizza closest in the photo.
a girl in pink surfing.
A blond girl in  red wet suit riding a surfboard.
A bowl of soup.
the largest plate.
Two slices of sandwiches.
A black and white cat sitting on the edge of the bathtub.
A gray and white cat sitting on the edge of a bathtub.
The woman holding a bottle of wine.
an older woman placing a bottle of wine on a table.
A boy in a blue star-patterned shirt lays on his side on a white sheet.
child in blue and star shirt.
A taller girafee running to catch up with the other giraffe.
far right giraffe.
A pink teddy bear on a car.
pink teddy bear.
A man wearing white shorts and a white t-shirt over a blue long sleeved shirt.
a guy in white clothes throwing a white Frisbee.
a man wearing a blue baseball cap.
A man wearing a blue cap in his head.
The bench right between and under the boys legs.
A red table with a cake on it.
the table that the cake is on.
the girl wearing a gray under shirt and a greenish shirt on top.
brown haired girl in yellow, waving.
the wall of carrots.
Walls made out of carrots.
A Baseball catcher on the ground holding his arms out.
A catcher kneeling and holding a baseball.
A white plane that says Kingfisher in red.
Kingfisher Airplane is landing.
A boy with glasses and a black shirt holding a Wii controller.
a man wearing a black color t-shirts with handle the remote.
A player throwing the ball in a practice session.
A baseball player pitching a ball.
A hawaiian native with a blue shirt beside the woman.
A man in grey.
a light brown cow with bells on its collar, behind another brown cow with bells.
The brown cow to the left of the fence post.
A group of zebras standing around eachother looking different ways.
A glass carafe with tea in it.
A bottle with brown liquid on the left of the tray of food.
The chair with the jacket on it.
the jacket on the chair.
The Apple computer on the left.
The silver apple computer.
A girl in a red and paisley dress tying a red patterened man's tie around her neck.
A woman in a red and floral dress wearing sunglasses laughing.
man sitting touching arm.
Baseball player sitting on bench behind fence.
a person wearing blue sweater and a black pant ,he is skating.
Person in blue coat snowboarding.
A red color Hyundai Getz car.
the parked red Hyundai with the Getz tag.
A SHEEP IN THE CENTER  POSITION ALONG WITH LEFT AND RIGHT SIDE TWO SHEEPS.
The largest mountain goat between two other goats.
man with bat.
Guy on left swinging paddle.
a motorcycle with an officer sitting on it.
A police motorcycle being which is being ridden by a policeman.
whit woman in black dress cutting her food.
A woman using a knife and fork to cut food.
a white teddy bear is beside other bears.
Two sheep in the process of being herded.
A man wearing sunglasses and reading a book.
man reading book.
the top carrot in the right hand picture.
The orange stick thing directly under the crossed green stick things.
The baked chicken on the plate.
A piece of meat with mushrooms on top.
the right bush in the clay pot.
A thin, tall bamboo plant.
A fat girl, trying to hit the serve in the tennis court.
the woman hitting the ball.
An elephant being brushed by a man and not painting.
the back elephant not painting in the right hand picture.
a man in suit holding a black bag.
A black color bag which is on the lap on right side man.
catcher about to catch the ball.
A baseball catcher who is crouching in front of an umpire.
A toothbrush with yellow and blue bristles.
a glass full of daisies.
A vase full of daffodils sitting on a doily on a brown table.
The baseball batter who is wearing red sox.
a man wearing a Cardinals baseball outfit holding a bat.
A man airborne.
A man in red checkered polo doing skateboard.
the young person in blue who is on the phone.
Person in a blue hoodie holding a cell phone.
a chair to the left of a television.
the carrot on the bottom.
A thin carrot underneath two other carrots.
The man in the top hat watching the game.
A man in uniform watching people play cricket.
A man with brown hair in a brown shirt holding a tennis racket.
A man in a brown shirt.
black umbrella over man.
The brown colored minivan in the parking lot.
A tan colored minivan.
A laptop keyboard and touch pad.
A laptop's keyboard that is attached to the laptop.
#15.
a baseball umpire with the number 15 on his shirt.
A yellow food truck on a street between two other food trucks.
A yellow food truck serving a customer.
A stack of books.
A stack of old notebooks.
white bowl full of soup.
The white bowl.
The tail end of an airplane at night.
A flight in the airport for dispatch.
The food at the top right of the table.
The hotdog next to the man in black.
A red t-shirt woman.
A woman in a red shirt.
A man in a yellow outfit who is a referee at a soccer game.
A man in yellow stands behind a boy in white and a boy in blue kicking a soccer ball.
A english muffin breakfast sandwhich.
left piece of sandwich in the right hand picture.
A woman wearing a pink tank top.
person standing, holding coffee cup and wearing a pink tank top and white pants.
A female skiier wearing the number 16 standing on the top podium.
A woman wearing the number 16.
A man standing in the back with a woman sitting in front of him.
A man who is taller than everyone else in the picture and is not wearing glasses.
the chocolate doughnut in the right hand picture.
Dark pastry sitting on a plate with other various colored pastries.
a man spectating a tennis game.
man in grey shirt.
A man in a yellow shirt.
the guy in a yellow shirt.
A woman on her knees playing Wii in a red shirt and black skirt.
a kneeling woman in a red shirt.
baby giraffe milking.
A baby giraffe.
A glazed yeast donut is sitting on a white plate with a few other donuts piled on top of it.
A donut on the bottom of the pile.
An elderly woman looking up at the horse.
A woman smiling at a horse.
Man in swim trunks by the ocean preparing surfboard to surf.
A man wearing shoes and shorts holding the back of a surf board.
The man in the grey suit.
Two business men looking at a laptop computer.
A crazy looking pelican.
Large black ans white bird with gray legs standing on grass.
woman on right.
A woman sitting in the floor beside a window using her cell phone.
left most apple in the image.
Yellow and red apple with a tiny brown spot on the side.
A surfboard being ridden by a man in a wet-suit.
white surfboard being used by a man surfing.
The brown horse standing furthest from the white horse.
The blue double decker bus with the 'Les Miserables' advertisement.
A large blue double-decker bus is pulling into a parking spot.
A large knife sitting near small white items.
The larger knife next to the garlic.
A woman wearing a dress and heels walking around the corner of a building.
The walking women is wearing a yellow skirt with black heels.
The man on the couch with his hand on his face.
a GUY IN WHITE SHIRT SITTING ON A SOFA.
The leftmost elephant.
One elephant is coming in front from other elephants.
the person underneath the white blankets not smiling.
The couch the man in the back is sleeping on.
A small giraffe to the left of three others.
Baseball catcher waiting for the pitch.
The catcher squatting in behind home plate.
A plant/tree, behind a couch.
A plant behind a cat and couch.
A blue children's bicycle.
"a small bicycie which is ridden by child".
green color vegetable in between potato and carrot.
Bundle of broccoli.
A triangular finger sandwich, with only dark bread, pate and tomato.
Two guys jumping high to catch a disc.
Two men leaping into the air.
A train with a yellow front pulling into a station.
the blue train.
The girl in black dress and putting her hands on the other two girls.
Three women pose for a photo and the person in the center has her arms around the others' shoulders.
Colorful food on a dish that is very blurry.
The blurred inage of food next to a clear image of the same type of food.
Person in a red shirt.
A man in a red shirt with dark hair, controlling the lines to a kite in the sky.
A passenger train with blue and white paint reflecting lights.
A lit up train to the left of another train.
Sandwhich behind other sandwhich.
end view of sandwich with banana on wheat grain bread.
little boy with a dinosaur printed shirt and orange pants.
A grinning young boy holds up a Nintendo Wii controller.
A dog sitting down staring at its owner.
A black dog wearing a belt on its neck.
A small child playing dress-up with a cowboy hat and a baby doll.
A young kid in a straw hat.
The bikes on the front of the bus.
Bicycles on the front of a moving passenger bus.
boy in brown shorts wearing a helmet holding a skateboards.
A skateboarder balancing on the edge of a pool.
workers back next to giraffe.
Someone not paying attention at the zoo is being licked by this giraffe.
A bowl of pasta and meat.
the plate with the rice on it.
A zebra walking behind another zebra.
black and white zebra following another zebra.
The man in the white shirt.
A man in white playing Frisbee.
A man in a grey shirt and jeans.
A man wearing a gray shirt with a gecko graphic.
white couch.
a sofa set was on the room.
small boy on left.
A small dark-skinned boy.
The bowl of rice.
A portion of cooked white rice in a white bowl.
rangetop.
A gas stove with several burners on it.
Decorative pillow behind the cats.
patterned pillows behind the cats.
wooden dinning chair.
the wooden chair against the wall holding shopping bags.
A white laptop in a black case.
white laptop computer on a living room table.
Glass behind the tag of the vass.
upside down champagne glass just to the right of the vase.
White motorcylce with a person dressed in black with a white helmet in front of a nother person on a motorcycle.
Motorcycle that has the person wearing a white helmet.
A circle slice of apple.
The boy in the white shirt.
A boy sitting on a luggage.
A red molded plastic chair against a brick wall.
Red plastic chair with woman sitting in it.
Two bananas hang on a rack.
The banana with the most brown spots.
A black dog in the water.
Black dog with blue collar.
a blurry piece of lemon cake.
blurry piece of pie in the back.
A women giving bath to kids.
A woman in a red shirt giving a bath to two babies.
a man wearing chritmas dress.
A man dressed as santa.
A man posing to the picture in snow slidding, without a glass on his face.
RED COLOR BOAT NEAR BY ANOTHER ONE.
The red and white boat behind the man.
A silver Cox Cable remote.
A silver remote control with a black buttons and curved sides, sitting between two black remotes.
The man wearing the light solid colored long sleeve button up shirt.
A man with full sleeve shirt on the right end of the table.
smaller white cake in the back.
an oval shaped cake in white color.
baby cow on the right.
a small brown cow with his head turned to the right.
A person with black t-shirt in front of the pizza on a table.
Partially visible person wearing a black Billabong t-shirt.
The ambulance behind the woman.
The medical truck directly behind the woman.
A pink plastic container filled with small chocolate cookies.
Small pink lunchbox compartment holding brown cookies.
The glazed donut on the front of the plate.
A regular glazed donut in front of an assortment of other donuts.
Closed laptop next to woman in white and blue skirt.
It is a silver laptop in the closed position sitting on a worktable next to lady in white skirt with blue floral print.
A small cup of a liquid on a plate two breads.
White cup with coffee on the plate with a sandwich.
The man on the right.
a guy with short hair and a checker pattern tie.
giraffe closest to camera.
A GIRAFFE EATING AND STANDING IN A ZOO WITH TWO MORE GIRAFFE.
A woman in bikini sitting near another woman.
A woman in a dark bathing suit holding an umbrella while in a boat.
Green dust pan with picture of girl on it, just to the left of a boot.
dustpan with woman fac.
the in focus zebra that is sniffing a tree root.
A zebra bends down to eat some food.
A sliced orange facing straight up with a knife on top of it.
The piece of orange that the knife is resting on.
a woman in a black dress sitting next to a table.
A LADY SITTING AND SINGING A SONG WITH GUITAR PLAYER.
the table the man is at.
the table in the right hand picture.
A shirtless boy doing a headstand with a skateboard on his feet.
A shirtless boy doing a headstand with a skateboard on his feet.
The man in the white hat playing tennis.
A man playing tennis in a red and white shirt with matching shorts.
black iron skillet on wood board.
A cast iron pan with meat and vegetables.
A white bus on the road.
A boy with glasses is sitting down holding a stuffed teddy bear.
A child with glasses holding a white teddy bear.
a man wearing a white shirt and black pant is skating.
a skateboarder in a white shirt.
man woring womens dress and posing for the camera like a women.
The person in the pink, holding the umbrella.
A fish kite that has the color purple, blue, green, and red on it.
A multi colored float shaped like a ballon.
the bottle on the right.
The glass vase on the right.
Man sitting next to boy.
the adult with the blue jacket.
the kid leaning over in the background.
A girl in a white shirt leaning over a sink.
A player standing behind another player expecting a ball to catch.
Fielder is ready to catch the ball.
a child playing tennis.
the player in the white dress.
blue Yarn bear on the right.
A knit bear figure to the right of a duplicate.
A man in a black suit sitting.
The man to the far left of the guy in the wheelchair.
This is a woman wearing glasses with her arm extended holding a Wii controller.
A woman playing with the Wii in a living room.
A silver spoon laying at the top of a plate on a paper placemat.
A spoon sitting under the plate.
cluttered table two people are eating at.
kitchen counter and stove top.
Silver laptop in safe mode.
A laptop with a black screen and a small box on it.
Child in red pants.
girl in red shorts.
A white truck that has damages on the front.
The front of a Staples truck that seems to have been in a small wreck.
Man standing behind horse with hat.
The man wearing a hat and black boots that is standing with the horse.
a women in a red dress.
A woman with a name tag holding a plate in one hand and food in another.
Man behind fence touching face.
Man in red shirt sitting in the audience behind the athletes.
A guy in a shirt in that says BO(RED).
A man with beard.
A young man in cargo pants and orange sweat shirt snowboarding on concrete.
One man skiing down a slope.
An asian girl in a pink shirt.
a young chinese girl wearing a pink outfit.
a sheep with half of the wool taken out.
A shaggy sheep reaching up to eat hay.
A tall blue bottle with a gold tone S on the side.
A blue vase with a word that starts with the letter S printed on it.
A green, unoccupied chair near a colorful fire hydrant.
An empty green chair between a fire hydrant and a seated man.
A boy with his mouth open.
Little boy with mouth open looking up with green and black shirt on.
A parking meter that has underwear wrapped around it.
left meter.
man standing with tie, hat, and white shirt.
The man wearing only a white shirt and tie on his torso.
A man wearing glass and staking with red color helmet on his head.
Old man in way too much protective gear rollerskating.
A man in a black hat walking in the snow.
A person wearing blue jeans and a black coat, walking on the left side of another person under an umbrella.
a dark haired woman with a jean mini skirt.
The women taking on the phone without a suitcase.
A man in a light-colored shirt who is holding something in his hand.
A man in motion behind a counter.
A CHAIR NEAR THE DINNING TABLE.
A black metal and wood bar stool pushed out from a wooden bar.
Train on the left with 'Chiltern' written on its side.
The train that has Chiltern Railways on the side.
A man in a black swim suit.
A man in a wetsuit.
The cow you can only see a small part of, all the part you can see.
cow on the left.
A yellow train with black trim.
A yellow train pulling into station.
The motorbike of the #99 motor bike.
A dirtbike with the number 99 on it.
a sweet desert.
A chocolate laced donate hole towards bottom of group being held.
a white lap top.
A light silver laptop sits on the far side of the table.
A coors light cup with ice cubes in it sitting on an outdoor table.
An empty coors light cup in a dark setting.
The top sandiwc.
The sandwich behind the pickle.
A plant on a coffee table.
The pot plant sitting on top of the coffee table.
The top half of the sandwich located closest to the fries.
A sandwich lying on top of another sandwich.
The bed on the left.
The bed that is closest to the hotel door.
A young man with brown hair wearing a white pullover holding a black cell phone.
A man wearing an off-white sweater with black stripes on the arms.
the chair closest to the wall and the light.
The chair that is facing away and closest to the window.
Piece of bred with tomatoes.
Two tomato slices on a slice of bread with cheese.
A green plant obscurred by the marble fountain.
The plant behind the fountain.
A knife on the right of the plate.
The knife to the right of two forks and a knife.
A small giraffe in front of a bush between two taller giraffes.
A giraffe second from the right.
chair right of table.
The chair closest to the cake.
A statue of three cows, the second on the back of the first and the third on the back of the second.
the middle and top cows of a statue of three cows.
A man in blue collared shirt and brown pants.
Man in brown pants.
Smaller portion of a sandwich on tin foil.
The right monitor of a 3 screen computer set up.
The rightmost computer monitor.
woman smoking.
Woman smoking a cigarette.
A black and white cow eating grass while leaning up a slope.
a cow eating some grass.
A person with a white hoodie looking at a computer screen.
A man leaning back with hoodie on.
A vanilla cake with chocolate chips, vanilla frosting, and chocolate piping.
Most of a white cake with chocolate chips.
A baseball player holds a bat over his shoulder.
Baseball player Gibson wearing number 35 up at bat.
A glass on beer.
A glass of beer, with only a quarter left in the glass.
A man in white leaning over.
A beardless man in white dress shirt.
a child catching a red frisbee.
A small child playing with a red frisbee.
A boy in a blue t-shirt doing a skateboarding trick on stairs.
man in blue shirt skateboarding.
The orange on the left.
The lemon on the left.
The hand and leg of an adult.
Someone sitting by a coffee table with hand on knee with a ring on right hand.
The arm belonging to the person out of the picture.
arm without the man.
A man in a striped shirt.
A balding man in a red shirt.
The girl in the middle with the cowboy hat.
A young girl with a cowboy hat on.
the fork in the side of green plate.
A steel fork on the right side of a green plate.
A woman who turned to look at the cake while the picture was being taken.
A woman sitting at a table.
An apple leaning on bananas.
the small apple.
A guy wearing a helmet while snowboarding down a snow slope.
Man that is snowboarding down the hill.
keyboard on desk.
Apple keyboard.
adult giraffe leaning over another giraffe.
A giraffe facing forward while another one is beside him.
A man's green umbrella.
the underneath of the man's green umbrella.
woman playing wii.
woman in black jacket.
An hole in the shape of a bird.
Skier on the left wearing white pants.
A woman on a ski slope wearing skis, red ski boots, white snow pants, and a green coat.
The largest piece of broccoli.
Green brocolli on the edge of the bowl.
Urinal in middle of two other urinals.
The middle white urinal.
A cat sleeping on the stomach of a human being.
An old ugly cat with matted fur.
baseball player swinging at ball.
A baseball player wearing a white uniform.
A woman in an orange shirt.
A woman sitting on a blue chair next to a board.
two giraffes.
2 giraffes behind a tree.
A blurry plate of food.
An empty chair sitting outside of a store.
empty chair to right of the woman.
The woman far from the camera.
A woman holding a blue waterboard, wearing a black tank top.
A table with a white table cloth with decorated cakes, pastries, plates, decorations,and siverware.
a table of baked goods celebrating a birthday.
The corner edge of a white bus with dual mirrors.
The white truck behind the bus.
An elephant moving its trunk up/.
The elephant with its trunk raised is standing under a waterfall.
A brown wooden chair.
The dark brown chair next to the curtain,  on the left.
A woman with green tops and blue color jean.
A woman in a green top.
Small elephant behind man.
the far most elephant.
A giraffe with shinning body in dark brown and white mixed pattern eating grass.
the giraffe nearest the camera.
An elephant in between two other elephants.
Two smaller elephants between two larger elephants walking into water.
The giraffe looking at the wall.
A young giraffe in a zoo, facing away from the camera toward an adult giraffe.
A school bus on the turn, enters the road.
the bus on the inside lane on the right.
A green double decker bus labeled 48.
A green double decked bus pulling away from the station.
A sofa facing the laptop screen.
a brown sofa, brown glass table, with laptop setting in table.
A large, red pair of scissors.
A blue and red scissors together are displayed on the table.
The clock near the left hand side of the photo.
street clock in building.
Reflection of woman brushing her teeth.
A woman's reflection.
A zebra eating grass in front of another zebra that is looking up.
An orange and brown bag.
the bag to the far left.
Teddy bear doll, second from left.
The man has big rubber boots on.
Man leading elephant.
A small giraffe standing in front of a building.
A shorter giraffe standing in front of another giraffe.
A zebra leaning in towards the leg of another zebra.
A young zebra getting milk from its mother.
A small zebra behind a tree.
Zebra standing in back.
The bear that is on the floor.
A brown bear cub that is laying on the floor next to the woman.
A cheese sandwich bread which is above another bread.
top piece of bread.
horses pulling carriage.
a rear horse.
computer monitor.
Leftmost computer monitor in front of the black keyboard.
A man in a suit vest sitting at a red keyboard playing in a small band.
A man in formal clothes playing a keyboard.
Steamed broccoli at the bottom of a bowl.
Broccoli with stem smashed up against container.
Two slices of salami at the far left of the dish.
a person playing tennis on a nintendo wii.
A person wearig a yellow shirt playing wii tennis.
man on boat on left.
Sailor in overalls wearing a hat standing on side of boat.
The elephant on the far right.
elephant nearest rocks.
Man wearing navy blue vest, black long sleeve jacket, gray pants, orange hat holding an orange disc.
A red color cap person standing left side.
A woman with a little boy both holding a board.
A woman and a child wearing similar hats.
boat in the left most side of the image.
The boat on the far left.
a round roll with a persons finger touching it.
A brown, white and bright piece of food.
The largest piece of the dessert on the plate.
unsliced portion of banana or zucchini bread.
A MAN WAS SITTING THE WOODEN CHAIR IN COLLEAGUE.
boy with brown hair sitting on bench.
A black cow standing on a sidewalk.
The cow which shows the other cow's legs behind it.
A blue bus standing near white car.
Large blue bus with fog lights on.
A man in a suit and hat is talking to a woman with short hair.
A man wearing a hat and jacket.
A green steam engine.
A Colin McAndrew green train.
A parasol held by someone in a daisy dress.
A LITTLE WEARING BLACK SHIRT WITH YELLOW FLOWERS HOLDING AN UMBERLLA.
the bus on the road and showing all of it.
double decker bus number 39A.
The red car with two doors open.
A red car.
red shirt teddy bear is on a chiar.
teddi bearon chair in red color.
a wine bottle.
A caraffe of wine.
this is a man behind the driver of the motorcycle.
Passenger on the back of the motorcycle wearing black gloves.
A boy wearing a blue shirt with the number 67 on it.
a boy wearin blue tshirt taking brekfast with girl wearing blue dress.
two elephants crossing tusks in water.
An elephant to the right of a slightly larger elephant.
Lady next to a brown horse, holding onto its horse leash.
A dark haired woman holding the strap of a brown horse.
A man standing between two men and adjusting hit tie.
The man tying his own tie.
A brown and yellow giraffe with its head facing down.
A giraffe looking down at the ground.
The leftmost white bowl with the spoon in it.
The bowl with a spoon on the left.
small brown colored boat is on the shore is shown in the image.
a small red boat with the marking rx55.
A little red-headed girl dressed in pink with white shoes.
A toddler in a pink shirt and pink pair of pants seated on a bench.
Slice of pizza with its crust in the bottom right corner of the box.
Slice of pizza halfway off white cookie sheet and not touching sauce container.
Woman in blue sweater grabbing a piece of cake.
girl with blue colored sweater.
The vanilla shake nearest to the tray.
The glass of milk sitting nearest the person in the pink and black top.
zebra in the right bottom side of the image.
the zebra on the bottom right of the screen.
Baby horse.
A baby pony feeding.
a sunbed with white cushions.
Half a hot dog with brown marks sitting on a split piece of bread.
A baseball player hittiing the ball hard.
A person in blue wearing a helmet and holding bat.
A  white color van is running on the road.
white van in road.
The hand holding the joystick closest to the camera.
Hotdog on a bun with tomatoes, onions and light relish.
The hot dog and bun on the left.
Single seat chair nearest the staircase.
the chair nearest the dog.
the little boy playing with the girl.
A toddler on a bed.
Smaller elephant walking directly behind the other 2 elephants.
A grayish green elephant behind 2 other elepnahts.
man skateboarding.
man looking back with white tshirt on skateboard.
a man dressed in a white Hoodia gray shorts and black leggings.
A person wearing a white sweatshirt.
woman standing.
The side view of a young woman with long blonde hair wearing a gray shirt with hands folded together.
the giraffe standing all the way up.
The giraffe standing tall.
A child in a purple shirt playing soccer.
A boy in a soccer stance wearing a purple soccer jersey.
ZEBRA WITH LEG UP.
zebra in rear.
A snowboarder wearing a red coat.
Man kneeling wearing a red jacket.
A bench that has a girl sitting on it.
A wooden bench made of slats with a girl sitting on it.
Man dressed in black riding bike.
A man riding a bike.
A grey truck behind the yellow Jeep and next to a building.
A grey sport utility vehicle.
trains to the left.
Head of ahorse with red ball on top.
A black horse reined on both sides with a red bobble on its ear.
A woman wearing glasses and working on a small blue laptop.
The woman sitting down typing.
pineapple pizza.
a white cheese pizza behind the pepperoni pizza.
boy wearing green tshirt with gray shorts holds controllers.
The person in a green shirt.
potato piece in the right most side of the image.
a piece of apple slice which is in a delicious & colourful pizza.
Showing the Northwest Airlines terminal of an airport, past the image of a plane in the foreground.
An airplane in the background with NORTHWEST written on it with red tail.
A large tree is shown out of focus in this photograph.
Big trees in the background.
a grey elephant on the right side of another elephant.
An elephant walks beside its fellow toward a fence.
man eating pizza, wearing long sleave shirt and glasses.
Guy with glasses eating a slice of pizza.
a white chair.
A white chair next to a green chair.
The guy in the yellow shirt doing the skateboard trick.
The man in the yellow shirt riding the skateboard.
A parking meter to the right of another parking meter in a city.
A parking meter to the right of another parting meter.
The man in the button down shirt.
man wear white checks shirt.
An officer riding a horse and wearing a helmet.
A picture of a police officer sitting on a horse wearing a white shirt with black pants.
A woman wearing a black vest.
A woman in a black vest riding a horse.
The bunch of bananas in front of the man's left hand.
A bunch of bananas sitting next to the cooker.
The glass cup with water.
glass far right.
A young man wearing only kahki shorts outside.
A boy with brown color trousers is playing a game in the field with his mates.
Achair in front of a man in grey hat.
A crem, white and red color chair.
The man in the uniform tagging someone out.
A baseball player in a yellow and black uniform.
A boy in a green zip up sweatshirt.
A boy wearing a green jacket looking at a cell phone.
A man in a green shirt.
Person with grey hair.
Woman in a black outfit leaning forward and laughing.
Laughing woman leaning over table.
The bright yellow car.
Yellow compact car with license plate number V659 JKK.
the bottom spoon.
A giraffe licking another giraffe.
a giraffe ehind another giraffe.
A cup of coffee kept near the breakfast plate.
a cup of coffiee in the table.
The giraffe in the background.
The girafe in the rear looking over the fence.
a man weared red colour pant standing on the snow.
A SKATER WEARING RED JEANS AND BLACK FULL SLEEVE COAT.
the lighter bull walking towards the left.
A light brown bull.
Largest elephant showing it's rear.
An adult elephant standing in front of to small elephants.
A sandwich in the middle of two other sandwiched.
An uneaten sandwich between one eaten and one uneaten sandwich.
A pizza on a platter.
The small white pizza.
A book with a black cover and white and red writing.
Book with dark cover that says '1950 to Now' in red.
A brown big cake is there with around children.
A WOODEN CHAIR BEHIND THE SLEEPING DOG.
The chair with a seating pad on it.
man in the tan shirt.
A man with a shaved head with a plastic bag in his hands.
man in black tee-shirt.
the person on the right with the wii remote.
A girl with curly hair and a light colored coat.
A young woman laughing and holding her phone.
A man having glass in his hand.
a man drink.
A man holding a napkin looking away from the camera.
A man wearing glasses.
a loaf of pre-sliced cake.
locomotive.
the train which is brown with yellow lines.
Red couch facing the bar of the kitchen.
The giraffe moving toward the tree.
the right most giraffe.
The boy with the striped shirt and green toy in his hand.
A smiling kid behind the chair.
a bed in front of the tv and nearer the full lenght mirror.
A bed directly in front of a TV set.
The zebra furthest away.
a zebra in the back.
An orange boat listing to one side next to the dock.
tilted yellow boat near dock.
The chair that is closest to the camera, it is facing out to the window.
black leather chair furthest away from window.
Brown and white tan dining room chair.
The back of a chair setting near a newly married couple.
The empty chair to the left of the girl.
A dark blue dinning chair kept at the room.
A tooth brush holder containing red and blue brushes.
white cup with toothbrushs.
The green and white table holding a cake.
A green and white pedestal table with a wedding cake sitting on top.
Someone's hand brushing the teeth of the child.
arm and hand of adult helping child.
the guy in grey.
A man in a grey shirt with a nametag in his pocket cutting a cake.
a big elephant in full with the head of a baby elephant under it.
bigger elephant.
A women wearing a red shirt is sitting down in between two small children.
A woman in red shirt.
sugar glazed donut on the right side of the plate above all other donuts.
A glazed donut sitting atop a powdered and chocolate donut.
the woman that has yellow sleeves.
girl in yellow and black wetsuit, second from right.
A man wearing a plaid shirt.
A man in a red cap.
The neck and head of the giraffe int eh background.
two giraffe standing around tall rocks.
a man wearing white sweater and black pant.
person to the left.
A giraffe with it's head lower than the other giraffe's heads.
giraffe nearest to trees.
man in black holding a frisbee.
man wearing black coat.
the top of the banana on the apple.
half cut banana on top of the apple.
A plate full of food with green leave salad and a piece of meat on a flowered plate.
A meal sitting on a plate with a floral pattern.
A white andble unfirom with the number 14 on it.
PLAYING MAN.
urinal on left.
URINAL.
child in blue uniform.
A small boy in a blue jersey going for the xoccer ball.
Pink couch with two beige throw pillows.
A really ugly couch.
the lady smiling behind the pizza.
woman with dark hair and glasses.
Cheetah print station wag parked on the side of the curb.
A stationwagon.
arm chair in front of glass coffee table.
A tan chair by the window with a coffee table in front.
vehicle with TOMA 4 written on it.
Pizza in a rectangular pan.
A square deep dish pizza with meat toppings.
The man in black behind the woman.
A man in a black shirt.
Electric Truck parked behind apartments.
A white truck with the words Addicott Electrics LTD on it.
A brown horse.
A brown horse on a farm next to a white horse standing in grass.
a canoe in the water.
A wooden boat that is brown on the outside and blue/green on the inside.
A woman.
Woman with orange scarf stands under street sign.
The zebra in the lower right corner is eating grass.
Zebra closest to camera.
a red modern table.
A giraffe standing inside the shed just behind the mother giraffe.
A giraffe peeking over another.
a women sitting on a chair.
A woman wearing a blue dress and white shirt sitting wearing glasses.
Man wearing brown pants.
a man wearing brown pants is walking on a street.
A man tending to a sheep's wool.
bottommost man.
Boy with a strand of spaghetti in his mouth.
A boy is eating pizza.
The couch that is being sat upon.
couch in the room which a lady is sitting.
the guy in the red shirt.
A man in a purple shirt playing Wii.
The right door of a white refrigerator.
The right fridge.
The blonde woman standing behind the woman with black hair.
Tallest girl.
Donut with white frosting on top and brown icing in a checkered pattern.
A doughnut with chocolate drizzled over the top.
the entire table in immediate focus.
The table and everything on it.
woman on the right.
A woman sits with her fingers in her mouth.
a baby carrier behind the little girl.
A green baby seat.
A man in blue, red, and black holds metal poles and prepares to jump into a hole.
A man wearing a red hood.
The cycle on which a gentle man is standing.
A red bicycle with a man sitting on it.
A sofa seat with two dogs sitting on it.
A chair with two dogs on it.
a pair of legs covered in black tights under a short grey skirt.
Person walking near table.
The bicycle that is being pushed by the gentleman wearing a work shirt.
tan and white dog on the edge of a bed.
A tan dog.
The small red bus.
Red Mercedes bus with the Victoria Station stopped which crashed into a red and blue double-decker bus.
A man in the frame on the left playing tennis.
male tennis player, as seen on the left duplicate image.
Black chair on the left with a blue pillow on it.
chair to the left of the table with pink flowers on it.
A  white bus is barely visible next to a more visible bus.
A second bus in the background behind the main bus in the image.
A floral chairs rests in a living room.
A floral pattern chair with a pillow on top sitting in a livingroom full of other furniture.
A WOODEN SITTING BENCH.
The partly visible bench zt left.
Slice of pepperoni pizza on a paper plate beside another slice of pizza on a paper plate.
A slice of pizza with pepperoni.
motorcycle with a man on it.
A black bike parked at a gas station with a man sitting on top.
A skateboard against the wall in the air.
a skateboard with a green bottom.
The yellow knit bear.
A yellow knitted teddy bear on the right next to a rainbow colored teddy bear.
A person with blue jeans standing in front of a table with wine bottles and glasses on it.
A person with their hands in there pocket.
A blue umbrella.
The blue umbrella the woman on the left is holding.
The butt of an elephant.
The behind of the elephant with it's tail to us.
The cow in the lead.
A brown cow with two other cows behind it.
brown sugar coated donut on a black plate.
The donut on the plate.
A motorcycle driver wearing a black helmet.
A man in black driving a black motorcycle with some one riding on back.
A reddish brown hourse behind another horse.
A brown horse with no rider.
clock face without the number three visible.
Clock face on the right hand side.
a yellow snowboard.
Empty snowboard on snow, to the right of guy standing on far left of picture.
A woman in a blue shirt.
A woman in a blue shirt and khaki pants.
the girl in blue adn white in the right hand picture.
girl in middle with blue and white shirt on.
A urinal on the wall between another urinal and a toilet.
The urinal closest to the cubicle.
The man with the tie.
A man wearing a black suit, holding a tennis racket and smiling.
White toilet in the brown bathroom.
A white toilet next to a sink in an orange and brown bathroom.
A left-handed baseball player in the batter's box, wearing jersey #11.
A baseball player at bat.
A man holding a hairdryer looking into a mirror.
Man with hairdryer in hand.
Two giraffes reaching over a fence to reach food.
A giraffe eating leaves.
A woman with dark hair and wearing blue jeans talking on a phone and holding something in the air.
The woman in the brown shirt and jeans who is talking on the phone.
Rear end of a baby cow on the other side of the cow that the woman is milking.
Cow closest to log.
child in white and navy t-shirt.
A man wearing a yellow hoodie sitting on the arm of a chair.
the boy with the hooded sweatshirt.
the guard that is walking in back.
Guard in red cape walking behind the horse.
The plane that is in focus.
A plane heading to the right.
The sliced apples above the watermelon.
a man stands in the snow with a snowboard.
standing man in blue jacket.
cow on left.
A brown cow looking up.
a boat in a water having a blue box.
A cream colored couch in front of the window.
A tan couch with 3 pillows and a coffee table with a lamp, plant, and green apple.
A woman wearing a white shirt under her thigh-length dress.
the girl in the beige shirt.
Giraffe to the right of the fence that's looking to the left.
a light colored girafee.
The man in the orange shirt.
A black man in an orange shirt is on a motorcycle.
The woman with the V neck shirt.
A woman in a low cut shirt and brunette hair with a ponytail playing with the Wii.
giraffe standing and looking at other giraffe eating.
A giraffe that is not eating.
Back head of a girl she wearing black and muticolor tops.
a girl with golden hairs in front of a mirror.
A man on a motorcycle with a camera on his helmet.
A biker on his bike.
the silouhette on the far left, covering the a in change.
A person with cap in front of a screen with his left hand lifted position.
The horse in the middle of the other two horses.
The horse without white front legs.
far left giraffe.
A giraffe standing on the left side furthest from the tree.
The pizza to the left of another pizza.
the biggest portion of pizza.
The man on the right.
Man in white shorts and blue shirt riding a bike.
A boy in white tshirt, slipped off from the skating slidder.
A man wearing a black and white outfit kicking the skateboard.
The man with the black suit and the red handkerchief.
A man in a black suit with a red handkerchief.
car on left hand back.
A large potted plant with pines.
A green plant in the tallest pot next to a cat that is sitting in a pot.
An elephant which is biggest.
The large elephant in the front.
A table with an American flag table cloth behind a man serving food.
Red and white striped cloth on a table.
A blue and white bus.
A blue and white bus.
A woman at a banana stand.
woman reading news paper.
A baseball player with a brace on his right foot, about to swing.
A man holding baseball stick wearing cap.
mother polar bear laying down.
the two polar bear sleeping on snow.
largest airplane.
The man wearing the suit and tie.
the man standing on the left getting his tie cut.
Woman with hat and white t shirt on.
a person holding a plate next to horses.
A man wearing a blue coat and black boots.
The man in the blue jacket.
Dining table chair closest to the tan cat.
A green desk chair in a bedroom.
green seat of desk chair.
The motorcycle in front of the other.
black and silver motorcycle with duffle strapped to the back.
Person dressed in red that is blurry.
the kid in the red in the background.
The girl with the brown handbag is petting a goat.
the middle piece of pizza that is cut.
A slice of pizza in the middle of two other slices.
Table the hot dog is on.
The tablecloth under the plate of hot dogs and chips.
A pair of skis colored red, black, white, and blue.
The bottom end of a book with a leather book cover.
Purple box sitting in between the book of sketches and blue book.
A light beige colored car is parked on the street.
light tan car.
White chair closest to the pillows.
The chair furthest away from the stove.
A man wearing a yellow shirt sitting next to a woman in a white shirt.
The man in the middle wearing the yellow shirt and the black hat.
Square slice of pizza touching empty paper plate.
A piece of pizza with pepperoni on it.
A personal pizza with cheese in front of a person with their hands up.
The pizza in the background.
the actual dog.
a dog.
The smallest horse among the two grazing.
The pony next to the big horse is eating hay.
The sandwich that is the closest to the bowl up front.
burger was on the table.
a baseball catcher named susuki.
A catcher waiting for the ball.
man wearing blue apron.
man in gray shirt.
A man wearing black court and red tie holding an eatables in his hand.
A man in a black jacket holding onto food.
brown adult horse.
A horse grazing.
The giraffe closest to the fence.
The leftmost giraffe.
dark bike parked in the street.
A parked bike with a passenger seat on the back.
slice of pizza out of focus closest to camera.
A slice of pizza sitting on a white napkin near a frothy beverage.
The phototaker's glass of wine.
red umbrella.
A red umbrella in use in the rain.
A man in a black robe cutting a cake.
Man cutting a cake.
A child holding wii controllers.
A small boy playing wii with a blue shirt on.
There is a woman in a long sleeve shirt with a santa hat on.
A woman in a black long sleeved shirt.
girl on the pink phone.
A woman on a ell phone.
A flower vase with number of flower place beside other flower vase on the table.
purple and white flowers in vase.
A sailboat with turquoise, red and purple decoration on the beach.
A sailboat behind the group of people.
A horse with a man in almost all white riding it.
Little girl in red pants and shirt.
A girl alone in a park.
A skier with a white hat on.
right side donet.
The donut closest to the end of the conveyor belt and higher than one other donut.
black man on a horse.
A man in a red and blue shirt rides a horse.
this is a sandwich in front of a pile of fries.
A slice of a sandwich with two other slices behind it on a plate.
A knife server underneath the shrimp pizza.
A pizza slicer in a pizza.
A black motorcycle parked behind white one.
A black motorcycle behind a white motorcycle.
teedy bear toy with cup.
The small bear that looks like it is pushing the coffee mug that is in the center foreground of the photo.
A girl in a black shirt talking on a cellphone who looks like she's crying.
A young woman crying qith a brown napkin in her hand.
a woman wearing a pink top.
young girl in pink top and white shorts.
A Mother Goose book being read to children.
Mother Goose book about fairy tales.
An elderly asian man with no hair wearing a khaki button up shirt leaning on a table.
A man who is facing the camera.
a large straw umbrella to the right of several other umbrellas.
this is an umbrella to the rigth of the front most umbrella.
the man holding the ropes attached to the horse.
Man holding the reigns for large horse in middle of field.
Bicycles attached with platform on the back of a car that is standing next to a family with luggage.
two bikes attached to the back of a car.
A sweet and savory dessert next to three donut balls.
donut.
Person in the tan and white striped shirt.
A red and green apple.
An uncut apple.
A man with his arms crossed.
The man in the light blue uniform with a whistle around his neck.
The empty chair nearest to the woman in the white t-shirt.
the empty chair beside the girl wearing white t-shirt.
A small single seat flannel seat facing a sliding glass door.
the back of a green chair.
A sheep eating grass.
A only sheep which was standing behind two lying sheep's.
A green and white bus.
A white bus with green stipe in the middle of it.
A man with number 4 on his shorts trying to kick the ball.
The player who is in the middle of the other two players who are wearing white track suit.
a black and white cow with a white face and black ears that is standing to the right of two other cows.
black cow with the white head.
Wyatt Earp book.
book on bottom left.
the sink on the right.
The guy in white throwing a red frisbee, but not the frisbee.
Person in white shorts throwing frisbee.
A guy reading a book while wearing a badge on his shirt.
A man in gray pants reading a green and black book.
A green patio chair with a bunch of green bananas being held in front of it.
The chaise lounge.
The zebra on the right with no stripes on its legs.
A smaller zebra with little striping on its legs standing next to a larger zebra.
this is a man with glasses and a plaid shirt.
A man wearing glasses.
skateboarder.
A young man at a park performing a skatedboard stunt.
The bench that the dog is sitting on.
A bench with a man and a dog on it.
The filled box right below the sign.
A box full of seedless tangerines.
A major league first base umpire wearing a black shirt and grey pants standing on the field by first base.
The man in the black hat with dress clothes on seems to be watching the player.
An empty pink and white chair next to a TV.
a dirty fork after the meal.
A pizza covered with cheese, sauce and brown meat.
A pizza with thin strips of white cheese on top.
Black and white polka-dot tie.
A folded tie with white polka dots.
A bear sitting atop the door of the fridge.
The bear seated on top of the refrigerator door.
Person with plaid shirt to the left of the boy reading a paperback book.
striped shirt.
a part of motorcycle on the right.
The motorcycle with only a sliver of it showing.
A man with brown hair in a dark green shirt.
A man wearing a brown shirt and making a funny face.
Refridgator with white magnet.
the refrigerator on the left.
two textbooks sitting on achother.
A black book under a monitor.
Polar bear cub on the left and leaning to the left.
the polar cub on the left.
Goat standing with lowered head.
A MAN WEARING  WHITE COLOR SWEATTER IN THE KITCHEN ALONG WITH IS FRIENDS.
A man in a white hoodie.
a nearly shaved sheep laying on hay.
Sheep on the left of the photo.
wooden chair in which boy is sitting with black dress.
The wooden chair that the boy in black is sitting in.
A light blu picnic table with some paint missing.
green picnic table.
The part of the body visible that is wearing a blue shirt with a whistle around it's neck.
The person in a blue shirt wearing a lanyard.
young zebra gazing on a grass field with his mother.
The shorter zebra grazing on the grass.
black cat with eyes showing.
A close-up of a shaggy black cat.
the apple closest to the bottom.
The closest red apple to the bottom of the bannans.
wine bottle that says Cask Cabernet.
The bottle that says Cask Cabernet 2006 on it.
Canning jar mug with milky liquid to the right of carrots.
milk in smaller glass jar.
chair on the left bottom corner of table.
A chair on the left sits on the right side of the tabl.
A zebra behind the frist zebra thats standing up while another is laying down.
A zebra standing behind another zebra.
a small boat with a red cover over the top.
Blue and white boat with a red cover.
A whole pizza sitting on the right side of another whole pizza.
A pizza on the right of another pizza.
The bigger black and white cat.
A black and white cat with a paw resting on its head.
Woman with dirty blond hair and a orangish short sleeved shirt.
woman in red shirt.
A woman and man in glasses on a red couch playing the wii.
A woman with a heart on her shirt.
the only partially visible elephant.
a barely visible elephant.
A blue and black motorcycle with a man riding it.
Bike on which a lady sites semi nude.
A player in black runs to catch up.
A boy in a black uniform running after a boy in a red shirt.
red pan with liquid in it.
A red pot sitting on the stove.
The girl in a green jacket and pink pants.
A little girl on skis holding the hand of a man.
a giraffe with a lowered head watching the higher giraffe eat.
The shorter giraffe  with it's eyes closed standing in front of a taller giraffe.
Motorcycle next to large rock.
A motorcycle parked next to another motorcycle in a parking lot.
The traffic light to the left of the signs is red.
Stop light with red light showing.
blue chair on which a man with brown hair is sitting.
The chair being used by the woman in purple.
A giraffe that is drinking water.
A giraffe drinking water.
man taking a photograph.
a person wearing a blue jersey.
The partial table on the left,.
A table next to a woman in white clothing.
top of white chair closest to flowers.
The top of a white chair by the yellow roses in focus.
A lady wearing a white cap eating cake.
The woman in the hat.
A carrot set apart from other carrots on a board.
Raw carrot on a wood cutting board to the right of three other carrots.
The man is swinging the bat.
A man swinging a baseball bat.
Woman closest to frisbee.
the woman in brown pant.
the woman sitting on the chair.
The woman holding a fork.
The head of a woman wearing glasses, bottom right of picture.
A woman with brown hair pulled back and brown tortoiseshell glasses.
A donut burger being eaten by a woman.
Glazed donut on the top of the woman's sandwich.
Small animal in snow to the left of picture.
lamb on the left.
an emergency response truck is following a second truck.
A truck with red and yellow stripes driving behind a similar truck.
Someone dressed in black on the back of a motorcycle with a helment on.
a guy on the back of a motorcycle.
The top of a chair closest to the window.
A empty chair in front of a computer.
Half of a baby's face.
a baby with very short hair.
A long three cushioned leather couch up against the wall.
brown leather looking couch on right side against the wall.
A lunch tray that holds a smaller pink container.
A container of food that has a smaller container with an orange lid in it.
Umbrella.
The parasol.
A woman wearing a black hoodie stands next to a man looking down at her shoes.
The girl in the blue sweatshirt.
A white laptop near a tablet and a computer.
A white laptop on table.
Two baseball players holding two bats.
hotdog on left side of image.
Two Chili Dogs covered in mustard and onions.
A cat's reflection.
Reflection of a cat in a mirror, the cat is black with white spots on his chest.
A white and black combination kite in the hands of a man.
kite in the sky.
Some orange carrots in a blue container next to some other good in containers.
A small pile of baby carrots in a blue container.
The boy in the middle in the blue shirt.
Boy with skateboard with two other friends on each side.
A young boy sitting behind another young boy wearing a white shirt and dark shorts.
the boy wearing the dark shorts.
Man in black sweatshirt between man in suit and woman.
A man in a green sweater.
The bicycle that is obscured by the cabinet, not the bicycle hanging on the rack.
bike below another bike.
Giraffe standing closest to tree.
A giraffee near the green color tree.
The girl with the pink hoodie.
A women with blue jeans, a red hoodie, holding a blue piece of paper.
2 motorcycles parked in parking lot.
A zebra bear a person with a green hat.
zebra directly behind the one in front.
A chocolate brownie dessert.
A slice of chocolate cake.
A man wearing an orange bow tie.
A singing performer with yellow striped shirt.
black and white hatchback.
car.
A metal chair sits on the right side of the picture.
A woman sitting brown colored horse with other three horses.
brown police horse between two white horses.
The man is about to serve the tennis ball, by throwing it in the air.
Man preparing to serve ball.
A man in suit and tie.
A man wearing a jacket and tie is smiling.
A man standing with his hands in his pockets with a red jacket on.
a man in red jacket watching a horse.
a white teddy bear.
A very large light brown stuffed bean on a man's back.
the boat that is directly behind the table.
a boat in the water.
A side view of an elephant with tusks, standing next to a body of water.
An elephant with long white tusks standing next to a pool of water.
A car parked in front of another car.
A car parked in front of another car.
The surfer with the blue shirt.
A man in a blue shirt that is surfing.
The basin of the sink that the cat is lying down in.
The bowl of the sink.
A tall giraffe walking this way.
giraffe in front of another giraffe, who seems to be in motion.
lady in black top and wearing glasses.
the lady in the middle who wears glasses.
Dark blue bus with Ipswich park & ride on the windshield.
A large purple bus displaying the number 800, next to another white and red bus.
a black metal chair outide.
A cow with a white triangle on his forehead between two cows with white all the way down their faces.
A skateboard on the ground in front of three teenagers posing for a picture.
A skateboard with a black top, on the ground in front of a man in a black shirt.
There is jeep parked first from right side.
A vehicle with a black cage around it and a red light on top.
a horse to the left of another horse with its head close to the ground.
A brown horse with its head down.
large piece of brocolli with no top at bottom of bowl.
A truck with two dogs in the back.
A man walking down the beach in brown shorts with flip flops in his hands.
a couple walking their dog on the beach.
Smiling asian man in long sleeved dark sweater with a blue rectangle design.
A man in a blue sweater waiting for a frisbee.
A backpack on the chair.
a multi colored backpack on a couch.
a broken sink.
A broken sink in poor condition.
A white American plane.
This white plane part of the Amerian Airlines fleet is stopped at an airport.
Pizza laying on a table with lots of different toppings.
A plate of pizza full of cheese, paneer, mushroon,chicken coriander in the table which the person is pointing.
The motorcycle behind the other.
front half of two motorcycles.
a red plastic bottle of curry ketchup.
A bottle of curry ketchup.
A large black and brown table in the foreground.
A black table with a wooden edge that two ladies are eating and drinking at.
A player with grey t- shirt.
A man with a grey Nike shirt.
The man walking down the ramp wearing a red vest and blue pants.
The man in the red vest walking out of the truck.
the pizza on the right in the right hand picture.
smaller of the two pizzas with ham mushrooms on it.
A black and red train with the number '69621' painted on the front.
train number 69621.
a black bowl of stuffing that is behind the carrots and broccoli.
Stuffing in a stainless steel bowl.
Small white cow.
white cow walking a little ahead of black cow.
The zebra farthest right.
the zebra on the far right.
The hot dog and bun that is to the right, with coleslaw and tomatoes on top.
A hotdog with slaw.
A macbook displaying photos of leaves.
A open laptop screen displaying photographs.
The handles of several wooden spoons.
the stick sticking out the farthest.
Smallest elephant.
The baby elephant next to the bigger elephant.
Elephant reaching for food.
Elephant to left of other elephant.
KEY BOARD OF A LAP TOP PLACED ON THE TABLE.
The keyboard of the laptop.
Giraffe partially hidden behind tree.
The third giraffe, with his head hidden,  on the right side.
A guy on a phone riding a unicycle.
A man riding a bicycle backwards.
The partially obscured monitor, closest to the camera.
The screen of a laptop turned away from the man.
A girl with a brush in her right hand, is combing the other child's hair.
The little girl brushes her sisters hair with a doll brush.
The orange on the left.
an orange in the left.
Catcher in baseball.
A catcher kneeling on the ground.
The back of the stop sign.
reflection of the back of the stop sign on the right.
A bottle of HP Sauce.
A bottle of HP sauce.
man's extended sleeveless arm.
The outstretched arm of a man holding wii controllers.
The chair behind the cat.
A black rolling chair with black cushion pillow placed and pink color towel placed on it.
A soldier carrying a suitcase next to a little girl.
The soilder carrying the bag.
giraffe leaning against fence.
a full flatbread with brown stuff on it, next to another full flatbread with green stuff on it.
pizza top left.
A woman mixing in her ice cream.
This is a female with short hair and is wearing a white shirt.
a man was standing.
A man standing with a woman at a workplace and posing.
A simple wooden chair in front of a cat.
the wooden chair that is empty.
A man in a red shirt.
man in red t-shirt.
A lady with goggle hugging a man.
Lady in tank top hugging man.
The green bench that the woman is sitting on.
A bench behind a chain boundary with a man on it.
the side of a cow looking towards the camera behind another cow.
all the cows except the first two from the front.
the red ski that the man in the blue jacket is on.
The ski that the man standing up with the blue jacket is wearing on his right foot.
Woman serving salad.
Women in pink shirt serving green beans out of glass bowl.
A man with a white shirt in black shorts running in between two other men.
a man running in the middle of three people.
A black umbrella.
The black umbrella.
middle white controler.
The Wiimote laying between the Nunchuck and the other Wiimote.
The little girl with the book open looking at her sister.
the smaller kid on the right.
Computer chair in the corner of the room near a desk.
A black office chair in front of a desk.
a small peach nestled amongst other fruits.
The peach on top of the other two peaches.
a baseball player waiting for a hit.
PLAYER IN THE BACKGROUND.
The submerged elephant whose face we cannot se.
Hump of an elephant swimming beside another elephant raising its trunk.
a boy etting a banann.
A young boy eating a banana.
A woman in a white and pink shirt standing in the background.
Blonde women wearing a pink and white flowered shirt.
the boy on the left in the right hand picture.
The boy with blonde hair.
a computer screen splitted in half with a blue box under it.
The monitor that is sitting on a blue box.
A purple note that reads, 'Pakkens Innhold'.
Package that reads Pakkens Innhold.
A green truck parked near a silver truck.
green semi with the medler writing.
A duck with out head.
man in the back left wearing long sleeved pink shirt.
A man in a light purple shirt and dark pants.
a giraffie standing behind another giraffie.
The giraffe standing behind the one drinking water.
A blue and white umbrella.
the glass mixing bowl.
A bowl of dish with a spoon in it.
This hairy older man decided to make a banana hat while he wore his leather get up.
A man with a bannana viking mask.
U shaped trail of a kite in the sky.
The thread of a kite floating in the sky.
The black keyboard.
A keyboard.
dish with items in the front bottom side of right side of the image.
A tray containing animal crackers and a white box.
the burnt meat in between the two buns.
A charred black hotdog laying in a bun.
an empty chair.
A black bar chair in the background.
Blurry partial piece of pepperoni pizza next to a larger, clearer slice.
The thinner crusted pizza.
the standing giraffe in front.
A giraffe in the zoo.
A BIG HAIRY HORSE STANDING BACK SIDE.
THERE IS ONE BIG BROWNY HORSE STANDING ON THE GRASS.
A man performing a skateboard trick.
the skater on the left.
a man in black that does not have a ball in his hand.
an airplane waiting at the departure gate of the airport.
A plane behind another plane on a foggy day.
A man wearing a red cap and a green apron.
A chef in a green apron preparing hot dogs.
A glass of water with lemon next to the hand.
a glass of water in front of a man.
A red doubledecker bus with a blue banner on it.
A double decker bus parked next to a white bus.
dog in the middle of the image.
an orange cat.
A man with black over suit, standing in the snow.
Skier in green coat and red mittens, holding skis over shoulder.
snowboard of person in red.
This is a snow board. A man is on it.
the giraffe on the right in the right hand picture.
The giraffe on the right.
The white van with a red L on the back window.
the van with L and 2 bears in the right hand picture.
Giraffe with four legs showing.
The giraffe behind the cage.
A person wearing a red hat.
A suitcase sitting on the bed.
Suitcase that does not have a cat on it.
A scissor tool to the right of another.
Three giraffes resting near a wooden board.
The giraffe in the middle with it's mouth touching the fence.
a glass to the far left.
A tablet that is on.
A tablet screen.
A little girl wearing a yellow shirt.
A child in a yellow shirt.
A chair tucked into a table with breakfast on it.
A chair under the table, barely visible behind the white cup.
A zebra that has a leg off of the ground.
A zebra with his back leg lifted up.
The red and yellow train is closest to the cement.
A cow bending down to eat.
A COW IS EATING GRASS.
Tennis player holding a racket that has a white handle.
Man is wearing a black shirt.
A older woman sitting in a chair with a red and black dress on.
The older lady in the middle.
baseball player catching the ball.
The player in the jersey with the number 12 on it.
A girl with a yellow tee shirt catching a ball.
A girl in a yellow shirt catching a ball with a mitt.
A White city bus.
A white bus with people on it.
Coffee in a glass with a white plastic spoon and part of a breakfast sandwhich.
A glass of chocolate milk with a white plastic spoon sitting in it.
Man jumping above skateboard.
person with feet in the air.
Boy wearing jeans, a blue sweatshirt and a ball cap playing Wii.
A young boy playing the Wii.
A girl with mobile on hand, typing text in mobile.
An Asian girl wearing stripes looks down at her phone.
One single french fry.
A piece of broccoli that has sesame seeds and teriyaki sauce on it.
The piece of broccoli to the far right.
chestnut horse with a white spot on its head.
A brown horse is ready for ride.
the bird in front.
Bird with both feet in the water.
car in front of car holding pineapples.
car in front of the truck with pineapple.
white man in white shirt.
A MAN WEARING WHITE T-SHIRT & BLUE TROUSER RESTING & HOLD A TENNIS BAT.
A small green computer in a kids hands.
The laptop with the green keyboard.
the brocolli.
Raw broccoli in the far corner of the photo.
a tall urinal.
an arm reaching for diced fruit.
hand picking cutted yellow color fruits.
The girl is in white sweater.
A woman with long brown hair holding a plate of food.
A black and silver motorcycle.
A black and silver motorcycle.
A table with plate of food.
the zebra on the right.
The zebra that is slightly taller.
The gentleman wearing a maroon colored short sleeved shirt and a long sleeved white shirt with the sleeves rolled half way up underneath the maroon shirt.
A man in a maroon shirt playing a video game.
Banana topping on a desert on the left treat.
Toilet bowl with no seat or cover.
The western type toilet is open.
The apple on the right side.
AN APPLE SECOND PLACE AND UP TO THE CURVED BANANA.
A horse second in a row.
A crouching baseball player with number 50 on the back of the jersey.
the catcher.
white foam take-out cup with straw that is closes to the hoagie.
cool drink in white cup near a plate of burger.
The top of the closest picnic bench.
Rightmost monitor.
largest computer monitor.
A giraffe in direct sunlight interacting with a giraffe in the shade.
The top of someones head.
head of the person watching laptop.
A red bus behind a white van.
double decker bus behind the white van and parked alongside building.
butt of the farthest elephant.
The back end of the elephant in the front.
A woman in a green suit jacket.
A lady in a pea green coat sits next to a man during a radio show.
A baby getting it's hair combed.
A baby having its hair combed.
the child holding a white surf board.
a blonde haired kid.
A white bowl with red and white food in it and a plastic bag in front of it.
The soup in the top left of the table in the white bowl.
The paisly chair next to the tv.
A black and white cow.
a black and white animal.
A blue car.
The tail end of a black car.
An single cab airplane numbered 1706 with intricate paint job.
A old plane that is painted like a shark with the number 1706 on it.
A grey parking meter that is the one on the right out of the two.
the right parking meter.
A giraffe stands next to another giraffe and puts his head over a railing.
The giraffe to the left of the other giraffe.
A boy sitting on a green stool pulling on a stuff animal.
A boy sitting in a chair.
the girl on the right with tennis rackets on her shirt.
GIRL WITH THE WRITING ON HER SHIRT.
The red apples beside the yellow apples.
Matress pink and yellow in color and on the blue spread.
A cot with blue bedspray and pink color blanket on it.
A woman, in a white coat and dark colored pants, is standing while holding a wine glass in her right hand.
Woman in white coat holding empty wine glass.
The wedge of banana to the right of the dessert.
yellow piece of food onthe right.
a small elephant drinking water.
An elephant that is currently drinking out of a pool of water.
The green stems of yellow flowers in a vase.
The clear glass vase.
A man in a cap standing on the edge of a skateboard ramp.
A picture of a white male in blue jeans a grey t-shirt standing on a skate ramp.
Cooked broccoli in a mix of veggies.
A TALL VASE WITH FLOWERS IN IT.
Vase with flowers in it.
A burger sitting next to onion rings and a loaded hot dog.
A BURGER IN A PLATE.
The red bus that is behind the other red bus.
the red bus on the left.
A man wearing a black leather coat looks up and off to the side as he walks down the sidewalk.
man walking in a black coat.
The hand of the person in yellow.
A white hand slicing a pizza.
Man wearing orange robe in the back right of the group.
a monk standing behind 3 other monks.
A silver table.
A CUTY BABY WITH A GREEN BRUSH.
baby holding a toothbrush.
The little girl's umbrella is purple.
A prple umbrella.
A man wearing a blue jacket.
A man holding a remote standing next to a woman.
A white cupcake with strawberry frosting.
cupcake with pink frosting.
The bench on the right.
a wooden bench with a sponge on it.
Light brown teddy bear holding a blanket at a picnic.
A tan teddy bear holding a white blanket next to a piece of yellow fruit.
Parked green jeep behind two children.
the green car.
The bicycle the skateboards are leaning on.
bicycle behind the skateboars.
The standing black and white 3 legged cow.
Black and white cow standing.
A large, light blue kite like flying object.
kite.
The person in the gray top.
A woman with red hair and grey sweater.
A collie looking upwards towards the sky.
A dog in front of a white background.
the turkey on the left in the right hand picture.
a vulture standing alone and facing the camera.
A man standing upright on a snowboard.
A man in a green coat on a snowboard.
A man in a red shirt and black pants.
Man in background in green shirt with arms up.
A man wearing a green shirt.
A SET SUNFLOWER.
The patch of yellow flowers.
a brown wood coffee table.
table with food on it.
A woman with one arm out in front of her.
A girl in the green shirt playing the Wii.
a bicycle is placed in the outskirt with a cat nearer.
A silver bicycle leaned over behind an orange cat.
Sculpture that's resting left arm around other sculpture.
vase on the left in the right hand picture.
WATER SKATER.
The surf board has a purple mask on it.
A horse with a woman in a dark jacket riding it.
The horse closest to the camera.
A chair with black seat cover and man sitting on it.
A black jacket hanging on the back of a chair.
The second male wearing a white shirt.
A guy with white t-shirt and black shorts playing in the lawn.
A silver computer with black buttons showing information on the screen.
A laptop computer being operated by a man with brown hair.
Man doing trick on skateboard.
a man can wearing a black color shitrs & blue color jeans.
The broccoli piece furthest left.
The man in the wheelchair.
the man in the wheelchair watching the tennis game.
A man in a gray shirt holding a video-game controller.
man wearing adidas t-shirt.
Airplane number 3.
A blue and white plane with number three on tail.
A grey coach beside a leather ottoman with a pink blanket, pink pillow, and tan pillow on it.
Grey couch with a pink pillow on it.
A white and blue plate with fishsticks and broccoli on i.
A plate of fish sticks and broccoli.
A man in a green short holds a tennis racket.
person on left green shirt.
The racquet in the hands of the man on the left.
A tennis racket that is being held by a man in a white and dark blue shirt.
girl wearing purple.
A Asian girl wearing a purple vest and blue jeans next to a girl in a blue shirt and jeans in front of two adults on a bench.
the white wavy dish of food.
An wave-shaped bowl holding different food.
A man skiing wearing a red ski outfit.
A man skiing wearing a red ski suit.
A dell computer screen next to another computer screen and keyboard.
this is the rightmost computer monitor.
A little boy sitting at a table wearing a blue t-shirt.
a boy is standing near a table.
Carrots on a white plate with cake.
The two nearly parallel carrots.
A glass vase in the background holding three blue glass flowers.
A glass sitting beside the sink.
A glass to the left of the sink that is empty.
sheep on left.
A sheep that is standing.
A man in white on a skateboard.
The skateboarder with the white shirt.
a boy in a yellow shirt.
The boy in the yellow jersey.
Skis being held by a boy in a blue coat.
Set of skiis being held by a boy in a blue jacket with red gloves.
The tallest blue luggage.
Tallest blue suitcase.
The brownish grey pillow which the dog is resting its head on.
the couch cushions the dog is laying his head on.
Left half of sandwich on plate closest to silverware.
The half of the sandwich closer to the silverware.
woman in black tank top with weird look.
she looks the camera.
A young man wearing glasses and a white shirt.
A man look after his child.
Two hands cutting into birthday cake.
A set of hands serving cake.
stuffed animals butt sitting on ledge.
the butt end of a teddybear.
A zebra in front of another zebra.
Zebra whose face isn't in the basket of hay.
a bench to the left of a table and another bench facing it.
The empty beach on the left.
the man with long black hair.
A man having long hair.
the arm of the grey sleeve person.
the arm of someone wearing a gray sweatshirt.
a white surfboard with the English flag on it and a couple of other stickers on it.
A white and black surfboard with a sticker of the British flag.
Man cutting apples in a certain shape.
A MAN WAS CUTTING THE GREEN APPLE.
A sitting girl wearing red colour blouse.
A girl in a red tanktop sitting next to a table.
a man wearing sunglasses and a green shirt.
a man wearing green shirt.
Two giraffe is eating leaves.
The Biggest Giraffe eating grasses.
Green metal bench sitting in water in front of a large patch of green plants apart from other benches.
A green bench sitting to the right of two other benches sitting in water.
a brown colored couch with a man laying on it.
The elephant holding the stick.
an elephant carrying a log.
a floral chair in a living room.
A floral arm chair.
kid with a grey leather jacket sitting on a white horse.
A boy riding the horse in front.
A large rustic man with a beard riding a gray elephant.
A man riding a elephant wearing a gray tank top.
A chair showing its rear.
Black metal chair sitting in front of a teddy bear on the table.
BROCCOLI IN A PLATE.
Cooked broccoli on a dinner plate.
A reflection in the window of a white chair.
The white patterned fence outside.
The car with the "Baby Mooves" sticker.
A dark car with white license plate.
The skateboarder wearing black shorts.
A man does a trick on a course.
blue RV with "eat" sign.
In a group of three giraffes, the one on the right.
A giraffe licking another giraffe.
The ice cream in the back left.
Ice cream without a spoon in it.
a sofa behind the flowers.
A decorative bench in front of the windows.
the flower fixture on the far right.
Decorative flowerpot holding white flowers on green stems.
black suitcase girl is sitting in.
A suitcase with a girl sitting in it.
A PHOTO OF A MAN STANDING BESIDE A CHILD ON A BIKE.
man standing wearing white shirt.
A chef in a white shirt.
man on left.
man in white shirt holding up a sign.
Man in white shirt and black hat holding up a sign.
A truck hauling wood.
Turck carrying lumber heading toward imperial street.
the woman.
The woman in the middle with the pink tank top.
man with his hands on his knees.
The sweater on the bear.
The grey teddy bear sitting on the windowsill.
A person with black hair in a red-and-black flannel shirt.
A person wearing a red and black plaid shirt.
an airplane about to take off.
airplane.
pizza with bell peppers and black olives.
A pizza with black olives and peppers on the table.
A black elephant on top of the steps.
An elephant is standing on a ledge facing another elephant.
a red semi-truck parked on  grass next to a silver semi-truck.
Red CDL truck.
motorcycle closest to cones.
There's a partial motorcycle at the upper left.
A glass of an alcoholic beverage tipped slightly forward.
A glass with a rose-colored liquid being tilted forward.
person in green on left.
A skiier wearing a green snowsuit.
A white spiral notebook on the person's lap.
The spiral notebook on the person's lap.
A green couch with a person sitting on it.
The grey and green sofa with a woman using a laptop sitting on it.
A truck next to the car.
white truck carrying a load of bananas.
A traffic light.
The street light on the ground that the man is leaning against.
The closest bowl.
a cup with an egg yolk in it.
A giraffe looking left, immediately to the left of a giraffe looking forward.
An adult male wearing glasses and typing on a laptop.
A man wearing glasses sitting on the couch next to another man with a plant to his right.
The laptop the gray haired woman is looking at.
a black labtop.
A girl wearing black pants.
girl wearing mostly black outfit.
Cow with head on grass.
A black and white calf with its head resting on the ground between its legs.
half of the sandwich resting on top of the other half.
Half a sandwich leaning against the other half.
The teacup the the upper left of the muffin nearest to the camera.
Tea cup on left of muffin.
The reflection of a person in a window.
The camera person in the reflection near the woman's racquet.
The giraffe facing the camera.
The giraffe in front, facing left.
A male soldier holding two young boys in each arm.
A man with short brown hair dressed in fatigues between two children.
Black woman in long blue dress.
a lady in a blue dress.
A train blowing smoke coming towards the photographer.
a train blowing smoke.
Kid playing with her Dad's hair.
femal cutting a man wearing glasses hair.
A train car with WLPX on the side.
The train that has WLPX on it.
A sheet on the bottom bunk.
The bed the lady is sitting on.
cow that is currently drinking.
The tofu dog on the right of the table top.
The tofu dog.
The tofu dog.
A giraffe with its neck parralell to the ground.
A giraffe leaning forward behind another giraffe.
The brown cow behind the black one.
the brown cow on the right in the right hand picture.
A man in a black shirt carrying a toy bear wearing a purple outfit.
A man holding a toy mouse that is wearing purple clothes and a helmet.
A child wearing an orange shirt.
A young boy with an orange shirt reading a book.
a man with white t shirt.
man playing Wii.
A woman smoking a cigarette while talking on a cell phone.
Woman sitting on the ground.
The snowboarder is wearing a gold hat.
A snowboarder in a yellow hat.
Black vase on a table.
Black vase on white table, to the left of white vase.
the lady in the leather jacket checking her phone.
the woman on the right in the right hand picture.
a potted barrel near the front tire of the black car.
man with sunglasses.
A man hugging a girl near a giraffe.
kid with black shirt with a blue logo on it.
The boy with the blue logo on his black shirt.
A woman in a black polka dot shirt.
A woman wearing a black and white polka dot dress and purple scarf posing and smiling.
the small sheep wearing the mask.
Covered lamb on ground.
A man walking with skis.
climber up close.
A long haired man in a blue button up shirt.
man standing wearing dark shirt and knit cap.
A white cup with a brown rim inside of it.
An empty white coffee cup, with coffee rings inside.
The plant in the solid, taller terracotta pot in front of the palm.
A big brown color pot is side of small pot.
An old model computer with stickers on it.
A white large PC monitor with a red sticker.
lady in purple shirt on right side of table.
a women sitting on chir.
A fork on the plate.
the fork on the plate.
the kite farthest to the right.
The image of the woman playing tennis on the left.
The woman on the left.
A cat laying in a white sink.
Cat laying in sink.
Chair facing window.
rattan style couch with blue cushion with white stripes on the right side of the room.
A man in a sweater.
A white man with a grey shirt and grey pants playing the wii.
A white umbrella that is not popped up sitting next to a partially opened umbrella with a cat picture on it.
The only white umbrella.
plate of yellow food.
the tray filled with pasta.
bowl with banana slices, raisins, and cookies.
a plate of cookies and banana slice, raisins, and craisins.
cow on left front.
The cow on the left next to the barbed wire.
the table cloth.
Table in back of vase.
A person in a batting cage swinging a baseball bat.
a man taking swings in a batting cage.
A man playing tennis.
A person wearing all white on a tennis court swinging a tennis racket.
A half eaten sandwich that contains cheese, roll, meat, and peppers.
A sandwich with a poppy seed bun half eaten on a plate.
a woman in black eating pizza with a knife and fork.
Woman in the black shirt.
The adult giraffe.
A MOTHER GIRAFFE LICKICKING HER BABY.
An orange fire truck with a ladder.
An orange fire engine with its ladder down near a building.
a man in a white striped hat standing between two other people.
A old man wearing blue jacket posing with skate stick between two ladies.
A black colored fridge which is kept at the left corner of the room.
A black refrigerator in between the counter and the window, inside a small kitchen.
Cowboy looking man wearing a black hat.
A man in a yellow vest.
large chair on left.
black recliner occupied by a female.
A boy kid wearing white shirt with smiling face standing behind skating board.
A baby being held in a standing position in front of a boogie board.
a city bus that is full and has blue and green lines on it.
The bus has three doors.
A girl hitting a tennis ball with a duplicate of herself to the right.
a woman was playing.
umbrella above man with tie.
A man with red shirt, black shorts and hat playing tennis.
a man playing tennis.
The man with the purple tie.
an older man.
The giraffe in the center behind the tree wit the big long neck.
adult giraffe.
The sleeping child.
A small girl sleeping.
A piece of pizza behind two toys with brown on them.
second zebra in field.
Bus away from the curb.
A red double decker bus with the number 68 on the street at night time.
Red and blue synchronous clock.
a red and blue robotic clock.
A cat sitting on a labrador's head on the cover of a book.
A cat sitting on a dog.
Two Zebras running in the plains.
Zebra Running.
The table that the laptop is sitting on.
the table with computers on it.
A blue bus.
a blue bus.
A white cup with a pink and green design holding several toothbrushes.
a plastic cup being used to hold toothbrushes.
The back view of a Chevrolet truck, including racks in the truck bed.
A blue truck.
The left shoulder of some one with part of a pizza crust in front on the table.
a grey shirt in the background with slice of pizza in the foreground.
the bush cornes in the left.
The plant on the left.
A red color shirt persons hand.
Body of the person with the red shirt.
A WOMEN WEARING BLACK DRESS & HAT.
a person holding a food.
A golden-brown teddy bear with a pink ribbon tied around its neck.
the guy on the left.
man wearing hat and holding cell phone.
a man in a red shirt typing on a laptop.
a man in a red shirt.
A station wagon in a parking lot.
The silvery SUV in the lower left-hand corner.
A bored police officer watching the day go by.
A police man standing against a wall with his arms crossed.
a man on a motorcycle with a blue helmet staring at an elephant.
the man driving the motorcycle with the blue helmet.
A dell laptop in the lap of a gentleman.
A black Dell laptop on the lap of an older gentleman with jeans on.
laptop on right that is white.
A white colored laptop.
A man in a dark suit and tie sitting at the table.
The body of a man in a suit and tie reaching for something at the dinner table.
A woman in a grey shirt sitting on the couch.
A woman in a gray shirt sitting on a blue couch using a laptop placed on an ironing board.
pizza slice in bottom left.
A slice of pizza with four pieces of bell pepper.
This is a woman in a white jacket on a cellphone.
A woman in black and white inside of an establishment on her cellular phone.
A female spectator is pictured behind a fence during a baseball game.
a women wearing yellow colour jerkin.
A skier, in a yellow jacket, towing a small skier.
A Zebra chasing another one.
The zebra on the left.
A large couch that is light gray.
The light beige couch with one person sitting on it.
An open, black laptop on a desk.
A laptop on a table kept unused by anyone before a chair.
Person sitting at a table with glasses.
the side of a man wearing glasses sitting at a table.
man wearing a hat.
A tennis player holding his right hand in a fist with nothing in it up to his mouth.
slice of orange under another slice.
The orange slice underneath everything.
A teddy bear photographed at RX100 @ f/9.
the bear on the right.
The front of a white train with a conductor in view.
The yellow and white train.
A man in a purple baseball jersey holding a baseball bat.
The player with the number 2.
A umpire bending his knee with a black baseball cap.
An umpire watching a play during a baseball game.
A dark green car driving through a city.
A car sitting across the street from a bus.
The woman in blue.
A woman in blue.
A zebra grazing along in a zoo.
A view of a zebra from behind while it bends its head down to feed on a patch of grass.
A woman laying down with a coffee cup in her hand.
An older woman in blue is leaning on a bed behind a little girl.
A man showing the guy in a blue shirt how to tie a black tie.
The older guy helping with the tie.
baseball player watching batter.
guy behind the guy batting.
A boy in a grey sweatshirt holding a phone.
A kid in grey sweater using his phone.
Far left red and white bus in the grass.
red and white old fashioned mini bus.
A woman smiling with a green and yellow tye dye shirt.
a girl on the back of a moped.
A woman hands shown cutting a cake with fruit using a knife.
A woman cutting a hoagie on the table with her left hand.
the woman with her back to us,.
A woman wearing a hat and a white top, with a strap over her shoulder.
A laptop with the screen visible being used by a girl in a blue hoodie.
The laptop where the screen is visible.
the wooden flooring.
A colorful bird.
a parrot sitting on a branch.
the woman with her hand on her hip.
A woman with black top and white short.
Controllers for the Wii.
A tennis player in the back court with white socks.
The woman that is in the background.
racket in hand of white shirt man.
blue tennis raquet.
The black laptop that the guy in blue is holding.
Laptop being held by man in blue collared shirt.
plastic cup with lid.
A strawberry smoothie.
Brown and pink teddy bears.
A brown teddy bear with a morose expression sits in front of a pink teddy bear with an identical expression.
Decorated elephant with riders.
An elephant two people are riding.
A dark lamb behind another.
A man in a polo shirt eating a hot dog.
The gentleman in the foreground eating a hot dog.
A giraffe with only its head poking out from behind a brown wall.
A giraffes head from around a building.
An empty wooden chair facing to the left.
The chair to the right of the table.
Man holding tennis racket.
A male teenager in a green shirt playing tennis.
woman in red mini skirt with arms out.
A woman sit on a chair and folding on her left leg to right leg and also rise her both hands.
A dour-faced woman wearing an orange sweatshirt packs clothes into black luggage.
a woman in an orange jacket and a man behind with a black shirt.
A SMALL ELEPHANT WALKING WITH BIG ONES.
smaller elephant in the middle.
A brown kitchen chair being stood on by a little girl.
the chair the girl is sitting in.
A white and brown color cow which is on the right.
a brown and white spotted cow.
A man snuggling his dog.
A man with a black shirt holding up a dog.
a red table cloth.
a red table cloth with cakes on top of it.
zebra facing left who is fully visible.
A zebra in front of the camera grazing in the grass.
an old couch sits in a thrift store.
A green couch.
The pot with the purple flowers in it.
the leftmost pot.
the clear mug of coffee with cream.
A girl in a white shirt and black shorts.
SIDE LINE BALL MAN WEARING WHITE SHOE.
The man in the background wearing shorts.
A dark brown and white dog sitting.
A brown and white dog with a green collar is looking up at the adult.
man eating.
A man with his head back eating a bunch of grapes.
A white bird stands behind two brown birds.
white bird standing in water.
The chair next to the woman in black pants.
The left chair behind the girl wearing a gray shirt.
A young child with a blue long sleeved shirt with stripes on.
The older of two young girls, in blue shirt, sitting to her mom's left.
The back half of a black and white cow in a line of cows.
The animal ahead of the other one.
man in back headed toward stove.
A chef if mustache cooking in the kitchen at the bakc.
An open top bus people are looking at.
the camper van on the far left.
the chair the man in the purple shirt is sitting on.
A BROWN AND DARK BROWN LINED CHAIR SITTING A MAN WEARING LAVENDAR COLOR T SHIRT.
A child with a red outfit.
All visible body of girl in red.
A child beside an adult.
A child.
a black desk chair in the background.
An office chair.
The white toilet in the bathroom.
A white toilet tank with chrome handle.
A boy with a beige shirt.
a boy in a tan tshirt that says dickies.
a laying glass.
Clear goblet glass resting in a wicker basket.
little girl with pink rain coat.
A blue chair that is being used to hold a baby seat.
A colorful umbrella shading seafood.
umbrella covering the food items.
A man in a black leather coat.
a man in a black leather coat standing in the livingroom.
Brown and beige giraffe with a black tail.
A giraffe stretching its head upwards.
A pair of arms from an unseen person holding a little girl.
hands on left.
A small boy with green t-shirt, holded by his sister.
a little boy in green shirt.
A GIRAFFE IN THE ZOO WALKING.
the giraffe standing in the middle.
A woman wearing a purple bandanna on her head.
A chef wearing a purple bandana.
A blackberry smartphone being held in an Asian man's right hand.
phone on left.
A teddy bear with a pink nose and pink bow around its neck.
the teddy bear with the pink bow.
A batter warms up during an on-field interview at the MLB All-Star Game.
a  player.
A red kite shaped like a fish.
A red dragon shape kite flying in the sky.
A player swinging a bat.
A baseball player in a black and white striped uniform with a bat in his hands.
the man sitting on the bench.
a person sits on a bench by a train.
The plane that is in the foreground of the picture. It reads PK-MCT.
red and white airplane.
A giraffe holds its head high as it walks past another giraffe chewing on a fence.
Giraffe standing near log.
A kitchen chair in the foreground on the right.
The chair on the right.
The giraffe whose head stands higher.
a giraffe with its head up.
A black metal chair to the left of another.
A tan chair sitting to the left of another tan chair.
the man about to kiss the woman.
a man kissing her.
a geraffee was eting in grass.
He had a neck of the beautiful giraffe who is chewing on some food in his pen.
The dark chair next to the round table that has its back to the camera.
A small old platoon boat.
A brown wooden boat with its engine out of the water.
person in orange shirt.
Skier in a orange coat sitting on the top of a mountain.
A TRAIN PASSING THROUGH THE ADDRESS BOARD BACK SIDE.
Three olive green train cars with orangish tops.
A skateboarder grinding on a wall.
boy in black doing a skatboard trick.
A stuffed blue bear.
The hotdog that is almost touching the cup.
The hotdog that is almost touching the cup.
The person standing behind the batter on the right.
A right leg of a person wearing a black colour pant.
A classic convertable car that only shows a portion of the car to the side.
The animal on the right.
The animal facing right.
a man in a green coat.
Woman using her cell phone.
A person sitting at a table behind a sandwich wearing a navy hoodie.
the neck and chest of a person wearing a purple hooded sweatshirt.
the far most zebra.
A zebra behind a black horned yak.
the baby cow by the fence.
A little brown baby calf.
The black horse that has a woman with a purple shirt on it.
black horse in the front.
The Eva Air Hello Kitty Air Plane.
A white airplane with hello kitty characters painted on the side.
The man holding the kite.
A young man getting ready to fly his kite with his friend.
A zebra facing the camera with grass in its mouth.
The zebra looking to the left.
The tablecloth beneath the opened box on the right.
A broccoli floret to the right of another floret next to a biscuit.
A catcher in a blue shirt with a red helmet preparing to catch.
A player that is kneeling in the dirt wearing a blue shirt.
silve vehical second one from front.
The silver SUV behind the silver car.
A black and red motorcycle, behind a silver Harley, with a large body of water in the background.
a bike parked in back.
Umbrella and stand.
a red colour table umbrella.
Checked chair under jacket.
An armchair with a grey jacket hanging over the arm.
the brown table near the camera.
A piece of a brown table can be seen in the bottom of the picture.
person in green shirt.
a guy in a green tshirt holding a knife.
A GIRL BABY WEARING THE BLUE COLOR DRESS WALKING THE FRIEND.
A little boy wearing a blue shirt.
The cow furthest to the left that is eating from the ground.
the cow with its head down.
A red cell phone sitting on a table.
red phone on left side.
Back of a dark colored desk chair.
A velvet material office chair sitting in front of a computer on a hard wooden floor.
A chair that is only partially visible.
A small chair facing the window.
the small armchair with light colored apolstered fabric and a wooden frame.
The top part of a grass umbrella shading a man in a lounge chair.
The brush from a covered umbrella is over the lounger.
A table that has 3 people at it.
The table is set for dinner.
A large, double-decker, green bus to the right of another green bus.
A green double story bus parked next to similar green double Decker bus.
A big black bag in a room.
A bag kept at the side of the bed with a zip open.
A man in a button-down shirt and jeans is sitting down at a dinner table.
A man in grey shirt and blue jeans sitting.
The pink skis.
a pair of skis that are blue pink and white that are laying in the middle of two other ski sets.
A chair was there beside of the drawer.
A wooden chair back.
A clean white porcelain sink beneath a bathroom mirror with red trim.
sink in picture on the right.
The large elephant to the left of the baby.
an elaphant on the left.
A woman on a couch reads to children.
A woman seated on a couch, reading a book to two children.
One of four oranges perched atop a juicer; this one is the topmost.
An orange above three other oranges.
A man in red t-shirt watching the elephant.
A man wearing a red and white shirt.
a doughnut on the left side of the picture.
The bowl closest to the camera.
A white bowl over a brown plate and is farthest away from the stove.
A briefcase under another.
A brown, textured suitcase underneath a group of 4 suitcases.
a car was going on road.
The silver car in the top right of the picture.
Surfer girl on the left.
The female to the left.
A truck and trailer in front of several other trucks.
Half of a wooden bench covered by a bush.
Block dog carrying a frisbee in its mouth.
A black dog with a red Frisbee in its mouth.
The person standing white.
The man with the light jacket.
The keyboard of the laptop.
laptop keyboard.
An adult horse next to a couple baby horses.
A dark brown adult horse.
the bus in the background you can only see a sliver of.
bus on far left with writing.
keyboard on left.
A keyboard on the left side of the table next to a monitor.
A purely black horse walking on a street, pulling a cab.
The black horse to the right of the brown horse.
A red and black snowboard.
red and black board.
A man in a wetsuit surfing a wave.
A man in the water.
A man makes an odd face as he bites into a glazed donut.
A man with black jacket eating some sweets.
a clear glass with water in it.
a glass filled with water.
A bun topped with coleslaw.
A bun with coleslaw.
A young zebra bending over to eat grass.
first zebra to right of goats.
PLAIN BROWN SHOPPING BAG WITH HANDLES.
a metal spoon between two other metal spoons.
A spoon in the correct position.
A black leather couch.
Bench on baseball dugout with people sitting on it.
A baby bear looking at the adult bear.
A bear cub looking at an adult bear.
A man wearing a black suit is giving something to a lady who is under a big umbrella without shoes on.
A man in a suit.
a flat screen T.V in the room.
picture on the wall left side.
the food in rectangular bowl in front of the picture.
crispy snacks.
A black suitcase moving on a conveyor belt at an airport baggage claim.
A piece of black luggage on the far right of a conveyor belt.
The horse with the knot tied directly in front of it's face.
the horse in the middle.
a blue vase to the left of a fat blue vase.
A blue and yellow vase with curved handles sitting to the left of a wide center vase.
A chocolate cupcake with chocolate and blue frosting on it.
Two pristine chocolate cupcakes sitting side by side on the left hand part of the plate.
A woman in ski attire with a man holding her shoulders.
the woman in a white shirt.
A person standing on a bench in between two other people on a wall.
A MAN IS STANDING ON THE BENCH.
a man driving bike.
a man riding on a red scooter.
A black elephant behind the gray elephant.
The back of an elephant.
seat in front of legs.
the chair before the person.
the fully visible cup.
The big coffe cup in the middle of the picture.
A woman holding a child on a bench.
a woman with child.
Square table in the foreground that has two black chairs at it.
A brown color table with holes in the middle which is in the front and first of the picture with two chairs.
A plate of cheese and crackers.
A platter of cheese and crackers.
The elephant with its trunk out of the water.
the whole elephant in the right hand picture.
slice of pizza.
Pizza with three olives.
First double decker bus in the line.
A green and white double-decker bus in front of two other buses.
a woman sitting inside a car.
WOMAN.
Half of a meatball sandwich on the left side of the plate directly above the peppers.
bread in the left side of the image.
Girl playing soccer kick soccer ball.
woman trying to kick the ball.
A tree.
A ficus tree in a white container behind the people in the chairs.
A tennis racket behind a man in red.
The racquet in the hand of the man wearing the green shirt.
A chair at the right side of the table.
The wooden chair at the table that is closest to the couch and has its back facing the camera.
blue car next to meter.
a blue car is park near a meter.
A yellow fire truck making a left turn through traffic.
The yellow fire truck.
A full grown gray elephant walking to the left of another elephant.
An elephant with tusks walks in the foreground.
A boy wearing a white t-shirt who's in the middle of a skateboard trick.
boy in mid air above skateboard.
larger brown boat.
boat with fruits and vegetables.
An Apple laptop furthest from a water bottle.
The back of the chair that is directly behind the candle.
A brown chair positioned against a wall.
This is a boy in a blue shirt holding a wii mote.
A man wearing a black t-shirt playing wii games besides a couch.
brown chair with a cat looking at it.
The chair - the cat is looking.
The gentleman on the outer most left hand side of the photo, he is wearing a gray-blue suit, and he is also standing next to the gentleman wearing a black suit and a white tie.
The older man in the light-colored suit.
The person sitting in the floral chair next to the circular stand.
Person with a bowl relaxing on armchair next to lamp with built-in table.
A green apple with a little pink on the side.
yellow/reddish apple in front of other apples.
A person with a silver helmet riding on the back of a motorcycle.
Passenger riding on the back of a motorcycle.
The partial view of front side of a van with grey color.
A car waiting at the train station.
a fluffy white teddy bear next to a baby.
White furry teddy bear with a head bigger than the baby.
a man sits at a table working a computer.
A woman in  a white coat skiing.
A girl in red ski pants.
The left banana bunch.
A stack of bananas to the left of two other stacks.
A horse looking toward our left.
Brown pony with black hooves.
A brown wooden table,with glasses, spoons, and menus on top of it and 5 people standing/sitting around it.
The table that is occupied by 2 women and 4 men.
Gray table with pizza being prepared.
the table the pizza is on.
the fork nearest to the drinking glass.
A fork whose handle is seen well.
Green plants sitting on window ledge.
The plant leaves of the biggest plant,  next to the window.
Man wearing blue t-shirt riding bike on the sidewalk and waiting for traffic.
The man on the bike.
A zebra designed umberlla.
The umbrella which looks like zebra color.
The right most piece of bread with a tomato and some cheese on it.
The zebra that is at the very back of the group of three zebras.
The zebra furthest from the camera.
A child wearing green shirt sitting a beautiful red hand rest of a chair.
A small asian boy with a green short sitting on the couch.
Mobile shops at the roadside.
blue food truck.
The giraffe that is closer to us and looking up.
A giraffe looking around.
Skateboarder turning on a ramps edge.
A skateboarder wearing a white top touching the lip of the bowl with his board.
A fire hydrant is in the middle of the sidewalk.
A yellow rusting fire hydrant is on the sidewalk.
white painted chair back.
A white wooden chair back facing the front.
A man wearing a suit talks on a cell phone.
A man wearing a dark suit and tie with blond hair talking on a mobile phone.
The left half a sandwich with bananas and cheese, baking in the top rack of an oven.
A slice of bread with bananas to the left of another slice of bread with bananas.
WIne glass with red wine pouring in one quarter full.
wine glass being poured in to.
a white fuzzy ram eating some grass.
A sheep grazing.
a bowl of hummus.
A small, decorated bowl containing hummus.
A girl in a blue shirt is surfing.
A woman wearing a blue shirt, standing on a surfboard.
The umbrella the women in pink has.
A fat white man in a black shirt.
Man in black shirt eating at an outside table.
a person wearing a black shirt or jacket sitting to the left of the person on the phone.
a book.
A blue color book in a person hands.
The motorcycle that the cop in front is riding.
A motorcyle in the left foreground.
laptop screen.
A computer monitor is near to the flower vase onthe table.
pizza with olives that someone is taking a slice from.
Pizzas in individual boxes sitting on a table with someone's hand grabbing a slice of one.
A near empty glass of beer is on a table.
A mostly drunk beer in a Konig Ludwig Hell glass.
type of flaky dessert in bowl.
food in back right bowl.
A young boy in a red shirt reading a book.
A little blonde boy reading a book to others.
Dark car with silver hubcap hidden behind fence and greenery between the two people.
black car behind a fence.
Large umbrella protecting the man in wheelchair from the sun.
A white umbrella that a man in a wheelchair is sitting under.
a black and white photo of a horse sanding on grass besides a fence.
horse in black that is closest to the camera.
A woman placing an order at the counter of a restaurant.
A woman ordering coffee.
The giraffe with his head lower.
a giraffe to the left of another giraffe.
a man on the beach flying a kite.
A man in a light track jacket holding onto the handle of a kite.
A brown table with trays of food on it.
black table that the food is setting on seen between the trays and napkins.
Empty chair at the table which the woman is sitting at.
naked girl sleeping under a blue sheet.
The nude upper torso of the person sleeping.
A woman with a sleeveless outfit sitting on the left side of an older man with a dark suit.
Partially visible woman on the right wearing a sleeveless top.
A person holding a red umbrella.
a person in red holding a red umbrella in the rain.
A baseball player sliding into base, wearing a blue helmet.
A baseball player sliding into 3rd base.
A person skiing down a short wall with blue trousers on and is closest to the camera.
A SKATER IS STANDING ON A WALL.
Toddler sitting in a high chair watching the man light candles on a birthday cake.
A baby in a high chair with skull shirt on.
little boy wearing black pants.
Boy in center of te picture chasing a soccer ball.
a woman in a white scarf.
A person in a brown shirt to the right of the baby.
Person in orange sweater sitting near baby.
Two boys on a skateboard.
man behind other man on board.
the horse on which the one with black jacket.
A horse with a tan mane eating grass.
area where the tires are lined in the middle.
Tyre of bicycle behind another bicycle's handle.
A elephant whose trunk in grass.
A male elephant with their family under the tree.
A person behind a dog.
A blonde woman smiling in the background behind a dog.
Pizza, far left center of picture.
A dark colored pie shaped food sitting on a white paper.
A sheep standing in front of another sheep.
Sheep by grass next to another sheep.
A man in a green shirt and jeans wearing glasses and a surgical mask.
a man in jeans and a green shirt with back to you.
Skiier in blue winter coat.
the lady watching the little girl ski.
A large brunette woman holding a Wii controller.
Woman holding the wii remote above her head.
The head down broccoli on the right.
The brocilli on the upper right.
Giraffe to the left of food.
Giraffe on left of food.
A child in pink rain jacket.
THERE IS ONE GIRL WEARING ROSE JACKET HOLDING YELLOW UMBRELLA.
chair directly left of the other chair.
A sofa chair on which a green and pink blanket are kept.
A baby elephant walking along with his mother.
A baby elephant walking with a long piece of grass in mouth.
outside chair on the right at the table.
The chair the man in the black shirt is sitting in.
A white laptop being used by a woman in purple.
a laptop in the lap of a girl covering her face with t-shirt.
The person is wearing a grey shirt.
Person bending down in a gray shirt.
A black stool with a cat sitting on top.
The chair the cat is sitting on.
Brown tablecloth in background.
A table with a blue bag on it.
the fork on the plate.
A silver fork face down on a plate of french fries, slightly burnt toast and steak.
giraffe that is farthest to the right.
A black MacBook laptop.
Black laptop on a green table.
This is a patchy colored cat with two ears on the floor.
A calico cat laying on the floor in front of a standing cat.
The child on the skateboard.
The child is on a skateboard.
Small table with a keyboard and tablet-computer on it.
A table where tablet and wireless keyboard are placed.
An open book without a yellow cover.
Open book on the table in front of bananas and the other book.
A man in a plaid shirt holding the frisbee.
man in field wearing cut off jean shorts holding frisbee.
A truck that has equipment in it that is next to a crane type of truck.
A white van with its back doors open and a man standing in the driver's side door.
A man in a red shirt seen from the back.
Heavy man outside the plane.
a sliver cup.
steel bowl containing sauce.
A MAN SITTING THE PLATFORM  DRINKING THE JUICE WITH GIRL FRIEND.
A man wearing a pink shirt.
Red DB train.
A red train leaving a train station.
A man in the background of this image takes on a blurry appearance.
Blurry image of man at far right of picture.
Fingers holding the pizza box up.
The left hands fingers of the person holding the box.
the brown couch with pillows.
The brown couch with throw pillows.
A boys hand holding fruit in each hand, his reflection is showing in the mirror.
A table at chuckie cheese with a pitcher, and a resrved sign.
A table with a blue and white striped table cloth.
A red double decker bus.
A red bus with a large sign on it.
A woman sitting on the couch playing a Wii and holding a baby.
A woman sitting with a baby in her lap.
white apron.
a white dressed chef standing other side of a table.
A woman in a black dress, laughing.
A woman is sitting at a table.
man in hat with a on it.
A man wearing an apron and a baseball cap.
A man freestyle skiing.
A skiier.
A bald white man in a white shirt and jeans.
a man standing.
a blue sign and a mini van.
gray minivan next to blue sign.
the car in the center that appears to be white.
White Quest Diagnostics car driving by.
lower right bear.
the chair being used by the man in blue.
A brown chair being sat upon by a laughing boy who is playing Wii.
the umpire is leaning forward.
umpire lunging behind the catcher.
A white keyboard on a table.
Mac keyboard attached to the computer in front of another keyboard.
a black computer monitor second from the left of four monitors.
The backside of the grey laptop to the right.
Silver dell laptop.
a young boy in a red tshirt looking at a kite.
A toddler boy wearing a red t-shirt and beige pants standing in a field.
A baby giraffe standing in front of a big giraffe.
A baby giraffe standing by his mother.
the calf in front.
White calf standing to the right of a black and white cow.
A barely visible large green vase.
a green vase is above the other vases.
A man holding a box with an oversized donut.
A man holding a box of very large donuts.
A messy unmade bed left of the bathroom sink.
A bed that has somethings on it.
the bear wearing a blue shirt next to the man's right arm.
bear in blue.
A horse behind another horse.
A donkey following another donkey Holding items.
The car is in black colour.
A hooded man watching a computer screen.
a man in a grey hooded sweatshirt sitting on a brown leather couch using an object.
A man holding the steering joystick and sitting inbetween two people.
A guy wearing glasses and a grey shirt.
The cat in the bowl.
A striped gray cat sitting in a bowl.
A black pickup truck with a metal thing in its bed.
black truck.
The domestic cat is laying next to a mirror and getting it's picture taken.
A cat laying by a mirror.
A broken pizza with onion pieces and vegetable toppings.
One pizza on the cover one piece removed.
A small, dark brown, wooden end table with a can on top of it next to a beige leather armchair.
A brown table with a can on it beside a white chair.
A mirror image of a man wearing specs.
a mans reflection in a mirror.
Chef preparing food in an open-air kitchen next to a wood-burning oven.
The person with the striped apron.
the right arm of the wooden arm chair.
the chair the man is sitting in.
A car is parked on a street near a meter.
A BLACK CAR ON ROAD.
A man with long hair with a black hat cooking.
a chef leaning over a metal counter.
an old box television.
beneath a desk.
A lady in a pink shirt preparing food.
woman in a blue apron preparing food.
The skateboarder who is in the air.
A man with a black shirt and light jeans skateboarding in the air.
a young kid holding a brown bear.
A little boy wearing a baseball cap.
man with green undershirt.
Guy without glasses and smiling with his teeth showing.
A man in all black.
Man dressed in black ski gear.
Plane behind the car.
Large white plane behind white convertable.
The bed closest to window.
A bed with a brown cylindrical pillow near the window.
A white sheep with its back turned away.
goat looking opposite to the camara.
A black motorcycle sitting in the grass.
A black motorcycle.
catcher pulling his mask off.
A baseball catcher lifting his mask off.
white mattress of bottom bunk.
TOP PIC THE BENCH.
White ceramic mug.
white color cup in the image.
CLOSEST ELEPHANT.
large elephant in front.
striped zebra looking straight at you.
a zebra approaching a man in a striped shirt.
The blue sofa with the woman sitting on it.
A blue chair with a lady in a black shirt sitting on it.
a wooden chair with horizontal rails behind a man.
portion of gas range and counter top.
GAS STOVE.
picnic table with food on it.
A round picnic table.
a man in a blue shirt, dark shorts with a red stripe and a straw hat at a party.
A man in a light blue shirt, straw hat with a child's float around his waist.
man on the frontmost bike.
The plant in the window second from the left.
Second from the left flowerpot on the windowsill, bearing a young bush.
A BEAR IS SITTING UNDER A TREE.
bear growling.
a boy in a plaid hoodie on a skateboard.
A person on a skateboard on the street.
The player that is currently batting.
A man in green holding a baseball bat.
a young boy wearing a suit standing in front of a girl.
A boy in a suit with a tie.
Girl walking with food.
the girl in blue.
A steel and wood bench sits empty next to a couple.
A LONG SITTING CHAIR NEAR BY TWO MENS STANDING.
The sandwich half closest to the salt and pepper.
A half of a sandwich behind the other half.
A Styrofoam cup with a lid and straw in it.
A styrofoam drink cup.
giraffe on left.
a giraffe.
The granite counter two sinks in it.
granite countertop with sink.
Bird on the lower branch.
a bird sitting below another bird.
A small white lamb near the fence.
A lamb next to a wire fence standing behind two other lambs.
a bowl of some sticky food possibly applesauce.
Bowl of food with white spoon in the bowl.
baby on the hand of a woman in stripes.
the baby in the right hand picture.
A man in black tshirt and blue jeans sitting on a motorcycle.
Guy in black shirt on the motorcycle.
Nobody is sitting in the red chair.
Red camp chair.
A tall yellow and blue train car waiting on tracks.
front of a yellow, blue, and black train engine.
A plate of sushi rolls.
a plate of sushi on a table at a restaurant.
a brown dog with a black face.
A brown dog.
Computer monitor atop two reams of paper.
farther monitor.
The highchair with a pink back.
a pink highchair with a baby in it.
A blue, multicolored chair with a black desk.
An armchair with a multicolored pattern and a black tray.
A man in jeans standing.
Man in front of TV.
a rolling door on the back of a truck.
backside of the truck.
BOTTLE.
A small bottle of miniature shower gel.
Large cake decorated like the American flag.
White cake with raspberries.
A white urinal three over from windowed wall.
the third urinal from the left.
the carrot on the very bottom.
only head visible of brown horse with blond colored mane.
A horse with a blonde mane stands next to another horse.
An open briefcase on top of another Breifcase.
Top brown suitcase.
the young boy with the white shirt.
Boy in white shirt.
the man in the blue tie standing to the left of the man in the brown tie.
The smiling man wears a blue tie.
the elderly lady.
A woman holding a cake with chocolate icing.
a woman wearing black coloured top and white coloured trouser.
A woman.
A blonde woman in a yellow skirt leaning her head against the window of the subway train.
A WOMAN SITTING WITH OTHERS AND ASLEEP.
a dog looking in a mirror.
A brown and white terrier stands on a brick hearth and looks at its reflection in a mirror.
The smaller black chair along the wall with no window.
a black chair.
the hat in the front left corner.
The top of a guys head wearing a conductors hat.
Person under umbrella.
Person hidden by the umbrella.
Sliced up carrots on top of the food.
Shredded carrots and bacon on top of Asian food.
A GIRLWAS SHITTING THE  ROAD  AND TOUCHING THE ROAD.
A woman in a green and grey shirt crouches down next to a fire hydrant.
This is a man wearing a plaid shirt and smiling at a birthday cake.
The person in the plaid shirt.
A kid lying on a couch and looking at a tablet.
The child sitting on the ground wearing a blue hoodie.
A wooden table set with plates, cups, a bowl of fruit, and a table runner.
A table with plates of food on it and a woman sitting at it.
the windshield of the motorcycle in the front of the line.
The red and silver motorcycle is leading the pack down the street.
A giraffe that is behind another giraffe and not under a tree.
The giraffe on the far right that is walking.
A large man sits in a taxi.
A man with a short beard and mustache wearing black clothes and sunglasses.
A Huskie plays with a white puppy.
One large dog with black and white fur and one small white dog.
A baseball player about to catch a ball.
The fielder with his foot on a base and catching a baseball.
A blonde woman wearing a white shirt.
The back of a strawberry blond haired girl playing Frisbee with the white shirt on.
the white toothbrush with white and blue bristles.
Blue and white toothbrush.
A blue and yellow train.
The blue train in the background.
A shadow of a person's head.
chair that the bear is in.
Chair the bear is sitting on.
The person in the black shirt, behind the boy.
Cut out of melon with pickled ginger.
watermelon on left side.
A man in the skating slidder on the top of the board.
The skateboarder doing the trick.
moped.
A white motorized scooter with red designs and stripes.
the shorter giraffe.
Light brown and white giraffe leading the trail.
The boy in front of the driver.
A young boy ridding on a motercycle.
A plastic cup of sauce covered by a plastic lid.
A small container of barbeque sauce that has a lid, sitting next to coleslaw.
A horse standing in front of a blond woman.
the horse that the woman is petting.
the front black and silver keyboard in the right hand picture.
The black and silver keyboard on top of the others.
Train cart on the left in front of the train in the back.
train right beind a yellow and black striped pole.
The front of an aircraft with the word nature on the side.
A plan with the word Nature written on it is spinning up its propeller.
A heron sleeping on top of the roof.
The bird that has the shortest neck.
The man in the blue shirt next to the man in the red shirt.
player in white shirt.
A person in a dark ski suit skiing on a mountain with no poles.
skier in foreground.
A black and blue chair in a restaurant.
The chair with a blue cushion beside the man.
A man with a striped shirt and sport coat holding a glass of wine.
A man wearing a black suit and holding a champaign flute.
A large slice of pizza between a boy and another slice of pizza.
Man in leather jacket waits for his luggage.
An older man with hands crossed in front of himself and wearing a leather jacket.
A person standing in between on people.
Boy holding umbrella.
the cow that is front and center.
The bull who's whole face can be seen.
A boy in a black hat standing to the left of three other young people.
a man wearing a grey color checked shirt holding a rope of a horse.
A boy with a blue shirt sits in a bed with a woman and cats.
a young boy in a blue shirt looking down to his right.
The keyboard is being caressed in this fourth picture which appears to be a precursor to its being licked.
A man in a cape by a microphone.
A man in front of a microphone wearing a black and red long cape.
A man with a mustache, light green shirt and blue jeans sitting at a table.
A man with a brown mustache and blue jeans.
A young girl about to acatch a frisbee.
Girl in the park with arms reaching towards a green Frisbee.
The body of the plane wiht the blue propellers.
A BLUE COLOR AIR CARGO STARING TAKE OFF FROM RUN WAY.
The giraffe in the middle eating off of a tree branch.
A giraffe biting leaves from a feeder in an enclosure with other giraffes.
An old black cushioned desk chair.
black swivel office chair.
a woman wearing a white rugby shirt.
A woman, brushing her teeth while wearing a white rugby t-shirt standing behind two other people.
The donut at the bottom of the stack.
The donut on the bottom.
an elderly man in a brown jacket.
The man who is wearing a pink sweat shirt.
A big female sheep and her baby lamb.
adult sheep.
the shortest giraffe.
A zebra walking away from his herd of three other zebras.
A bench facing away behind the shoulder of a man in blue.
A bench and table behind the men.
Horse directly below man's arm.
second drawing on wall from right.
a car passes by a bus.
A silver caravan driving through the light.
A green wine bottle on the floor.
BOTTLE.
A woman in green getting food from the buffet.
A woman in a green shirt at a buffet table.
Large clock outside in between two buildings.
A large clock face which is closest to the camera.
The little kid next to the man.
Child in navy.
Gray elephant standing on dirt and leaves.
a eliphant in the place.
a girl with glasses.
lady eating cookie in the image.
catcher.
A catcher, catching a pitch.
A young person on a snowboard where pink goggles and a black and pink coat.
Female snowboarder wearing a pink jacket and red pants.
A white coffee cup on the edge of the table.
A mug with something written on it.
An oven that is metal under the stove.
The stainless steel oven.
Brown horse being rode by jockey in blue shirt.
A brown horse with a jockey in blue.
Container full of pineapple chunks.
The yellow, cubed food in it's own container, on the farthest left of the image.
A dark haired woman in a polka-dotted shirt holding a purple umbrella while sitting on a man's lap.
a lady with a polka dot shirt.
A zebra with his back to the camera.
Zebra turn the head left hand side.
A MAN IN A SHORT SLEEVED GREEN SHIRT LOOKING AT HIS PHONE.
A man in a green shirt and glasses takes a picture with a cell phone.
the wing of a plane by a man in an orange vest.
wing of the plane the picture is taken from.
A row of sausages that is only partially visible.
A partially visible plate of breakfast sausages.
A man in a blue shirt.
A man whose leg is being held by a bear.
A man riding a bicycle holding while holding an umbrella in the rain.
A man in black coat on bicycle.
The chair to the right with the entire plaid cushion pictured.
The right most chair.
A blond woman watching a man pour wine.
The back of a blonde haired womans head.
horse with rider wearing white.
A light brown horse being ridden by a person in a gray jacket.
man who is standing.
Guy wearing a shirt with 9-11-01 and american flag on it.
a brown chair with a striped throw pillow on it.
The sofa chair closest to the window with a striped pillow on it.
A doughnut to the left of several others on a roller.
A yellow truck in front of a blue truck on the road.
A yellow pickup truck.
The grey teddy bear sits amongst other teddy bears.
Gray crochet doll next to two other dolls.
Middle giraffee.
A bowl with sliced cucumbers in it.
A white bowl full of green cucumber pieces.
man with black beard.
The man in grey holding the laptop.
A black car next to the bus.
A Toyota car.
3 tiered white and blue rounded square cake.
3 tier cake.
black dressed man.
a dad in a black jacket.
beach chair between other chair and table.
The zebra cut off on the top left.
the corner of a zebra.
A woman behind a table with a black tank top on and a white sweater over her shoulders.
A woman standing behind a table with a white sweater wrapped around her shoulders.
A set of bunk beds that are to the right of the stairs.
A bunk bed on the right of another bunk bed.
A slice of pizza with cheese and pepperoni and some ziti with sauce on a white plate.
A burger in the white plate.
a man with a red tie.
A man who is cutting a cake with his wife.
A man in an orange shirt flys a kite on the sandy beach.
A man in an orange shirt and blue shorts.
The plate with the sliced tomatoes.
A small dish containing a tomato and pepper salad.
A little girl with a blue and brown jacket stands next to a girl in a red jacket who is holding an umbrella.
A girl between two other firls.
A cat whose head is furthest down.
The cat on the right.
A blurry man wearing a black baseball cap and white t-shirt.
A solid orange tabby cat.
orange cat sitting on bed next to suit case.
A white horse looking down to the right of another horse.
The gentleman in the dark purple gingham shirt with the brown hat.
a man wearing a hat is putting on a blue tie.
The broccoli  closest to the camera furthest from the fork.
the bear in the 2nd bear in the row of bears  in the right hand picture.
the bear in the middle right of the photo.
piece of a doughnut that has been eaten.
A half bitten donut.
A stuffed panda toy sitting and facing the camera.
The pana in the middle.
a man was on white t-shirt.
A guy in white t shirt throwing a ball.
A silver suv.
A silver car.
A male with a white t-shirt and black shorts with three white stripes on the side is wearing blue bracelets with someone pointing towards his arm.
Man with blue wristbands.
the landing gear of the plane.
The airplane wheels.
A train standing in the right track.
a green and yellow train.
A person with longish black hair sits behind a black laptop.
a man with a black computer.
A zebra standing behind another zebra.
A big zebra in the background gazing on the ground.
a woman with black hair talking on the phone and eating next to a brunette woman with a spoon in her mouth.
a women was speeking cell phone.
A man juggling a whole apple.
A man in a blue shirt playing tennis.
A man in a blue t-shirt and black shorts.
The lead police officer in a line of officers in uniforms and riding horses.
A policeman riding a horse in front of several others.
The tennis player who is standing.
A woman with a racket raised on the left.
An empty chair sitting directly in front of the brown wall.
A chair facing the camera.
a man wearing black suit.
Man in black suit and white tie.
the giraffe in the front.
the giraffe in the lead.
food in container.
Plate with po boy and slaw.
A girl with a purple vest sitting on a scooter with two children.
A girl wearing a fuzze purple vest and striped tights.
The broccoli and carrot on the plate.
Broccoli with other veggies.
A man wearing a black shirt with a red shirt underneath.
elderly man with white hair and glasses looking inside customized truck.
A free laptop.
A laptop is sitting on a table.
The brown cushion on the left side of the picture.
The woman in the black coat with the red umbrella.
A woman walking and wearing a long black coat and standing under a pink umbrella.
a man in a black shirt catching a frisbee.
A guy in a black shirt and red shorts playing Frisbee.
Woman holding clear pitcher.
the woman in blue who is pouring something out of a pitcher.
the giraffe in back that looks like he is reaching for leaves to eat.
A giraffe reaching above the rocks to eat the tree.
A man in a blue shirt and jeans sits behind two people.
A person in a lavender shirt.
A seated man in a green shirt.
A man wearing a light green polo sitting on a bench.
black and white polka dot womens tie untied.
Black bow tie with white polka dots.
white sedan car driving towards right side.
A white car that is passing behind the children.
An elephant with his trunk in his mouth.
An elephant that has his trunk in his mouth.
Tugboat with yellow cab.
A boat with a yellow square-ish part.
A woman in a brown and black shirt sitting on a couch.
Woman using the black computer wearing a black and white shirt.
A woman in a blue blouse looks at her phone.
A woman in a light blue sleeveless shirt looking at her phone.
cell phone in right hand.
The cellphone in his right hand.
A duck with a brown head.
A brown, gray and white duck swimming.
Two patchwork throw pillows on a dark brown couch.
two throw pillows on the couch.
the side of the sandwhich you see the pink meat on.
Half of a sandwich on the right side of the plate.
A blue boat tied off to the side of the bank.
A light blue and white boat with a yellow flag.
A slice of pizza on the far left of a street billboard.
The pizza that the person in the brown shirt is holding.
The board of the man with no shirt.
Surfboard with ying yang.
A third baseman is waiting for a play with the shortstop in the background.
A baseball player with a long sleeved black undershirt waits for the play.
The cow that is behind the other cow.
A cow that is behind another cow.
A man on a motorcycle pulling a man on a skateboard.
A person riding a motorcycle.
A man in a plaid shirt and khaki pants leaning against a wall.
A young man leaning onthe bannister smiling at the camera.
The white and black vase.
a  pot on tabule.
the cow in the back.
Blurry cow in the background.
a woman in blue outfit with sunglasses, being choked by an elephant.
A woman with black glasses standing in front on the elephant.
A piece of baby carrot.
carrots.
The woman with the red shoes.
woman on left side wearing red shoes.
A MANN WEARING EYEGLASS HAVING FOOD WITH HIS FRIENDS.
The man wearing the glasses and plaid shirt.
A man in a gray coat.
A man wearing a black puffy jacket.
partial white sinks in the corner of the bathroom.
Two sinks to the right of two other ones.
a woman making funny face.
A woman in a black and white blouse.
The brown horse with its butt to the camera.
The horse being ridden by a man in a blue shirt.
man sitting at table holding paper cup.
A man holding a cup.
The face of a large coco tower in a city.
face of clock on tower closest to camera.
A black dog.
A black dog.
Blonde fluffy puppy with belly up.
The elephant on the right is ahead of the other one.
an elephant walking in the front.
A table has a plate of food, two drinking glasses, and a salt shaker on it.
A dark wood table.
A cat on the inside looking at a cat on the outside.
A cat looks at another cat outside the window.
Ansandwich which is on the right most corner and next to the opened one.
A motor bike facing towards the camera with police looking to the right side of the crowd.
Motorcycle in the middle.
A pizza sitting on a tray beneath another pizza.
the partially seen pizza on the bottom.
A white surfboard with a red border.
a tan and red surf board.
The dessert with a purple top.
A portion of a train shaped sponge cake with a purple gumdrop on top.
boy on the black tshirt with his skatebpars verticle.
A boy in black carrying a skateboard.
a women standing with two persn.
The girl with the red pearls isn't wearing shoes.
A tan horse standing to the right of the others.
The horse closet to the fence.
A bird standing on the side a towel hanged on a wall.
The bird gripping on to the side of the cloth.
Blue clothing on the chair by the table.
dark clothing near a water jug.
an old red double decker tour bus.
A double decker bus with the number 3.
The skiing skate on the man's right hand wearing blue sweater.
A blue and black snowboard.
The piece of pizza closest to the lime.
Slice of mushroom pizza on a cutting board.
baby in the bottom left of right set of pictures.
Baby with snacks box in left down.
scout man standing up.
man to the right.
A white pickup truck parked.
A white pickup truck parked directly in front of a church.
A black cow.
A chocolate color cow at far end of the field.
the second elephant from the front.
the two elephants.
the round table.
The round wooden table with a person in a red shirt sitting near it.
three single pieces of broccoli.
brown wooden chair with a person with grey shirt and plaid pants on with a laptop in their lap.
An empty chair next to a table.
Expensive liquor housed inside fancy glass containers next to two shoe brushes.
The crystal decanter I  the right holds a similar liquid to the one on the left.
A cat on a chair in front of it's reflection.
The cat closest to you.
A man sitting.
An old man sitting down near plants.
A boy playing video game with his friends.
A young boy holding up a wii remote and facing the tv.
a lady is sleeping on a park table while a man on her head side is thinking of something.
A woman sleeping on a bench.
The man in the picture on the right.
A red ceramic gravy boat with pancake syrup in it.
The red syrup cup.
Chair without the curtain on it.
Armchair to the left of the table.
the center of the plant in the lower center, which looks an awful lot like broccoli.
The large head of cauliflower.
A women wearing a purple coat riding a bicycle with a dog in the basket.
A woman in purple riding a bike.
The white bus with the words PEREGO.
A white bus with perego on it.
White polar bear on the right side closest to the camera.
a polar bear on the right.
A goat with a white face.
A red truck parked behind a tree.
A red pickup truck behind the trunk of a tree.
The bowl of meat and lettuce.
The bowl with chicken and vegetables on the table.
The person in the pink shirt cutting the cake.
Woman sitting in a pink shirt getting ready to cut a cake.
Indian man with checkered tie.
man in black suit.
The backside of a zebra stands to the left of the zebra in the center.
The rear end of a big zebra.
A zebra with his neck up but head not visible.
White mug.
a white mug with coffee in it.
Chives topping the steak and potatoes.
THE GREEN SMALL THINGS ON THE PIECE OF MEAT.
A man in a red apron preparing food at a table with other men in aprons.
The man in red apron.
A blue, red and white boat sits on the water as the sun goes down.
boat bottom right corner.
Blue umbrella.
The blue umbrella.
The laptop in front of the man on the left.
The laptop in front of the man with his hand near his face.
hot dog closest to camera.
A blurry hot dog bun held with one thumb.
A giraffe walking past the painting.
A giraffe walking in front of a wall with a drawing of a female wearing a white and blue kerchief.
The chair that is closest to the big window.
green plush chair on the right by the window.
A pair of feet with painted toenails next to a box of pizza.
Legs on the left of the photo.
A giraffe standing behind three other giraffes, facing the opposite direction.
A white surfboard with orange and black stripes that is being carried by a man.
A surfboard being carried on the far left.
A black leather couch.
A piece of machinery atop two pieces just like it.
A box which is on the top most of the other two boxes.
A light brown sheep.
a tan sheep walking with other sheep.
A glass which is far away from the man.
Half full glass of beer with head.
Young girl wearing a green dress.
a young baby girl in a green flowery dress with red sandals.
center pizza slices.
THe slices of pizza together.
The black and brown plane.
Orange in Black airplane in between two other airplances.
The empty space above the catcher.
woman in costume.
A woman wearing a prehistoric costume.
A female tennis player dressed in blue jumping and hitting a tennisball.
a woman in a light blue uniform playing tennis.
A small pony with a white belly in a field.
A horse being pet by a woman and her son.
A blue and white train going down the tracks.
a train painted blue, white, and yellow.
a hot dog on a bun with ketchup next to goldfish crackers.
A ketchup-covered hot dog laid on top of orange goldfish crackers.
The silver tray near the foreground.
Gray and off white house phone.
A silver portable phone.
An Apple computer screen.
An Apple computer sitting on the left side of the table.
A doughnut sitting above others.
A seasoned bagel is piled atop other bagels on a plate.
A guy in a black jacket along with black pants and a black beanie is looking over the mountain.
A MAN SKATING THE SNOW IN  MIDDLE POSITION.
A table under the chandelier.
a man with a tie that says he is easy.
Guy with a red light signal on his tie.
A man with a gray dress shirt eating.
The man eating, with the gray shirt.
a man seeing mobile.
A man laying on stairs, looking at his cell phone.
The boy in the water between the two girls.
a women with black hair training dogs.
A long brown pastry.
the middle toothbrush.
green colored tooth brush.
The skier on the right.
A man in a tight black and red outfit skiing.
A young blonde girl squats beside a man, both wearing baseball gloves.
a little girl with a baseball glove stands with her hands on her knees next to an older person.
A girl in a pink and yellow rain coat.
girl with hood and green boots.
man in blue sweatshirt.
A person wearing a blue hoodie.
The man wearing the red plaid scarf.
The guy iwth a red scarf.
A sofa with a Kleenex box on top of it.
A chair with a bunch of stuff on it.
A brown bear lying down on a concrete ground.
Brown bear laying on some concrete.
woman holding bull.
Woman in jeans and white shirt is pull on a rope attached to a calf.
the elephant the people are riding on.
The elephant the man and boy are sitting on.
white mini van the men are loading.
white color car in the image.
A hot dog with potato chips on top.
The right most hot dog.
A smiling woman with a black shirt in front of wine bottles.
The blonde woman smiling at the camera.
A black car behind a girl on a bicycle.
The small, black car that is located behind the woman riding a bicycle.
a person wearing brightly colored ethnic clothes is holding a plastic bag while preparing to get onto a black motor cycle.
A man wearing a sombrero with a blue trim and a patched multi-colored shirt.
The remote bwtween the hard drive and the other remote.
wii controller on the right.
The second soldier to the left.
suv seen through window.
A station wagon with writing on the back window.
the smaller elephant in front of the other smaller elephant.
The fattest baby elephant.
a side chair to the left of a similar chair.
the chair in the left side of the image.
A white car.
A white car with yellow tags preparing to enter an intersection.
A table in front of kids.
A brown table top.
The back end of a zebra whose face you cannot see.
back end and side of a zebra.
A smiling, blonde-haired girl sitting on a motorcycle.
a girl with straight blonde hair sitting on a motorcycle.
Tennis player in white shorts and blue shirt on a court.
The man is playing tennis.
plane in the middle that has korean air on it.
An aeroplane that is standing in between the other two aeroplanes.
a small potted plant below a hanging potted plant.
Plants on the ground beneath a hanging potted plant.
A young boy wearing a Nike hat and an AIG shirt holds a T-Ball bat.
boy playing ball.
guy in red, but not his back leg or frisbee.
man in red.
luggage to the right of other luggage.
The green luggage bag to the right of the other two bags.
mirror of car.
The rearview mirror.
A reflection of a man wearing a vertical striped tie and short sleeve white shirt.
The arm of an obscured person.
women wearing a hat.
The woman in the blue coat on the right of everyone else.
Carrots in the nearest basket.
A large display of carrots in front of another tray.
The green motorcycle to the right of the blue motorcycle.
A GREEN BIKE PARKING.
elephant on the grass next to the water facing the camera.
An elephant facing forward.
Larger mound of fruit.
Bin of apples up front.
a man sitting on a road taking a picture.
a man in a white shirt with jeans taking a pic of a greyhound.
a white boat with yellow and black bottom.
A long boat with a black base and white top.
The gray mouthwash cup dispenser.
A paper cup dispenser sit on the bathroom counter next to the mouthwash.
A man in a white t-shirt with both of his hands on a tennis net.
man without racket.
A man proceeding to eat a large bakery item.
A man with a donut and sauce on it.
The back pack straps on the lead man.
The reflection in the mirror.
The reflection of a man who is brushing his teeth.
Skiis on a black person.
a girl eating pizza.
A blonde woman taking a bite of pizza.
the grey laptop that has a hand on the arrow keys.
open grey laptop with black keys with one hand typing something.
a train with four headlights parked on the tracks.
A train with the number 242 on the front of it.
A white bicycle held by a woman.
A bicycle which is lifted up by a lady who wear white setter.
A white van parked next to a fire hydrant spraying water.
The van being sprayed.
The pizza to the right of the slice being lifted.
A slice of pizza to the right of the piece that is lifted.
The left giraffe eating parts of the tree.
Giraffe eating off a tree.
The blurred person in red behind the counter.
The woman wearing red colour dress.
A man wearing green short standing back of other man.
A man in a black top and khaki shorts.
The table has papers on it.
a white square table.
A green boat and trailer on wheels sitting on the grass in front of a building.
A green color boat in the lawn.
A large white teddy bear near other multicolored bears.
A white teddy bear.
A baseball player wearing a helmet and gray uniform catches a ball.
A big whole triangle of sandwich.
the truck with yellow and black body.
A large, yellow truck driving by some orange cones.
A yellow boat with RX60 on it.
A large yellow boat with a group of black flags hanging over the side.
The woman riding the motorcycle.
A young woman on a motorcycle wearing jeans and a blue hoodie.
man in blue shorts.
man behind thrower.
A long gray couch next to a red chair.
A beige sofa with two cushions.
A MARINES MILITARY LADY STANDING BACKSIDE OF THE TWO LADIES.
Person in camoflage shirt with the word "MARINES" stitched on it.
A woman in a red riding outfit leads a horse.
The rider wearing the helmet and red shirt.
A small skier next to a man.
A child on skiis.
An adult horse standing in a meadow while a foal is walking away from it.
A adult brown horse.
A female officer looking down at a camera.
A woman police officer looks at a camera.
A white table messy from previous diners.
a white table, laden with dirty dishes.
A gentleman with a tie and a mustache.
A bald man with a mustache dressed in a white dress shirt, holding a white plate.
A gauge that reads 18:41.
A clock with out minites and hours indicators.
man in white getting his tie fixed.
A man in a white shirt tying a tie.
table on right.
The table on the other side of the archway that has white chairs pulled up to it.
Person in purple coat with black bookbag.
A lady in violet jacket, black trousers with a back pack and blue umbrella.
The pitza that is on the front of the other one.
The pizza closest to the camera.
the right black bicycle in the right hand picture.
A bicycle parked next to a silver motorcycle.
An ambulance located to the right of two other ambulances.
A van stopped in the right corner of the picture.
A man wearing a white shirt and blue hat. He has glasses and a beard. He is holding a plastic cup of golden liquid.
A man in a blue hat and sunglasses.
A LARGE COW WITH 2 LARGE HORNS ON ITS HEAD.
ONE COW WITH ITS BABY IS STANDING IN THE OPEN AREA WITH SOME OTHER ANIMALS.
A girl is walking with a horse.
A dark skinned girl with black hair.
Boy in white playing wii.
a boy in a white shirt.
A boy in black t-shirt and jeans bending by keeping his hands on knees.
A man with hairband and black t-shirts on.
woman on right.
The woman is wearing a hat.
A brown horse racing and leaning to the right to the left of another horse.
The center of three seats.
The middle seat.
Tall thin pieces of tree branches beside a lamp that is switched on.
The top half of a potted plant visible above a man's hand.
A wheelchair.
The wheelchair.
an airplane that is on the ground with three wheels.
A plane preparing for takeoff.
bowl behind oranges.
a black food bowl.
wooden bowl on right.
The wood bowl with butter in it.
the back of a pick up truck painted white with red writing and flower designs on it.
white truck in the image.
man in tan shirt holding a cell phone to his ear.
the man on the black phone.
A giraffe, standing a few feet to the right of another zebra.
The ski that the little girl in blue is holding.
A set of skis to the left of everyone.
woman standing over child.
A person blowdrying a child's hair.
A woman wearing a light colored top with black trimming with her hands on her hips.
a lady standing with her hands in hip.
The carpet the cat is lying on.
The beige flooring the cat is laying on.
man on left side.
Shortest man to left of the other two men.
A white car parked behind the black car.
silver car parked in background.
The out of focus person in black shorts.
A chair pushed under a wooden table.
The oven door behind the mans thumb.
A man in back of a horse wearing a grey suit and hat.
a man looks his baby in horse ride.
A man sitting cross-legged and holding a tennis racket.
A man hodling a tennis racket sitting down.
Adonut left of other and under of another.
A woman in a light blue and black hoodie.
person behind dog.
brownish red long horned cow facing a darker brown cow.
The animal that is lighter in color to the other. The animal is facing towards the left, but is on the right side of the picture.
A brown bear is near another bear in a body of water with it's mouth open.
Big brown bear with mouth open.
A man in a black and grey shirt eating a hamburger with both hands.
A man wearing black color dress.
black horse with white stripe on forehead pulling wagon.
biggest black horse.
Off white tie.
A silver tie.
sandwich half on the left of the plate.
The sandwich on the left side.
the word arch.
A man in a window looking a cell phone.
a black cat lying on a table.
A black cat laying on the desk with a little patch of white on his belly.
A child in a white uniform about to kick another child.
a boy in a white outfit kicking the ball.
fuethest big donut.
man shoveling on right.
The second person from the left, wearing the lighter colored shirt and holding the shovel.
The fire truck on the right.
ladder on a firetruck.
the leafy greens in the middle below the melon in the right hand picture.
A leafy vegetable closest to the gord, apple, and bag of dates.
The red car.
a red car on the side of the road.
A black motorcycle with a person on riding it.
a grey sporty motorcycle with a rider.
A white heron standing near water.
solid white bird.
A jacket which i hanging on the back of a chair.
The brown coat on the chair.
A mother looking at a computer over her son's shoulder.
A woman wearing blue jean and white t shirt is peeping in a young boy`s computer .
The bottom right banana that is mostly yellow with brown spots.
motorcycle to left of rider with motorcycle.
THE PLANE ON THE RIGHT ON THE RUNWAY IS RED.
A red white and blue plane being unloaded.
A dog with a blue leash sits on a bench.
A white labrador on the bench with a muzzle on it's mouth. Wearing a purple leash.
A man with a tennis racket.
A male tennis player holding up a racket.
vase on right side of windowsill.
White vase that contains white and purple flowers and on the right facing the window.
An elephant with its trunk extended.
An elephant that is taller than the elephant to the right.
Giraffe standing on right side of tree.
giraffe standing to the right of tree.
A man who wears glasses with a dark suit coat, white shirt, dark brown tie and khaki pants.
A man wearing a blue suit jacket and glasses smiling.
black car.
A black car with a front license plate.
The largest slice of pizza.
a man with a green shirt next to a giraffe being fed.
The boy with the green shirt next to the giraffe.
interior of black tub with silver faucet at the top center of it.
black tub.
A man in khaki pants wearing sunglasses.
A man wearing glasses.
A TABLE WITH A TRAY OF PIZZA ON IT.
The young child wearing brown sweeter and gloves wearing brown cap is present in the image.
A boy in a woman's arms with a brown knit hat.
A girl wearing a grey zip-up sweater, with a pink jacket tied around her waist, holds ski equipment.
girl in gray jacket, standing in the middle.
A small horse standing infront of a big horse.
A grey colored little donkey standing near a man with red shirt.
the arm holding the middle fork, directly above the cake.
hand of the second person from the right side of the image.
A black bird with it's wings spread out looking at the water.
The duck that is getting ready to fly by spreading its wings.
kid sitting on chair playing with wii controller.
The kid with controllers wearing blue.
snack in plate.
The table top around the food tray of the table the smiling man is sitting at.
The table near the camera.
white airplane with blue and red marks.
A plane that has logos on it.
A bottle and a glass filled with some kind of orange drink.
A clear glass with drink in it sits on a table next to the bottle the drink came in.
A horse with a white and black face pulling a carriage.
A grey faced horse transports people in a carriage.
Motorcycle rider riding yellow motorcycle number 40.
A white chair in the foreground.
The man reading his phone.
The man who is holding his stuff and looking down at his phone.
A boy wearing a pair of blue shorts with white shorts underneath.
A boy runs with his back to the veiwer.
The cup with coffee in it.
A teacup containing a dark liquid.
A woman's brown bag which is placed upon her lap while she waits at a bench.
Tan colored purse sitting on a womans lap.
A kid at home plate swinging a bat.
Child wearing helmet at bat.
The cow which is feeding milk to it's calf.
A brown colored big cow.
A young boy in green looks down at an empty white plate.
A brown-haired boy in a green sweater.
A YOUNG BEAUTIFUL WOMAN EATING BURGER.
The woman in the foreground eating a donut, she is wearing heart shaped sunglasses.
A black cat being held by a man with a helmet.
The boy surfer who is in yellow shorts surfing.
The boy in yellow trunks on red surfboard.
A silver train with a red roof, right behind a red train with a black roof.
silver laptop on far left.
A silver laptop near a glass of orange juice.
Man in red and white sitting on his matching motorcycle.
A white dressed white man is sitting on his motor bike waving his hands with his cap on his right hand.
man doing trick.
A man in a red checkered shirt grinding a skateboard.
A soccer player in an orange shirt.
the guy in orange diving in the right hand picture.
A baby elephant.
an baby elephant walking next to a big elephant.
Man in white hat, grey shirt and jeans talking to other men.
A man with a grey shirt and hat talking to two men in black and white uniforms.
man wearing red and blue behind tennis player.
Grey pants worn by a man that is bending over.
A Siamese cat sitting on a window ledge.
This is an alert cat in the window sill.
A guy standing on the wall.
A person behind the wall.
man on right.
man in orange shirt.
The banana that is pierced by two forks and the stem to the left side.
The banana with its stem on the left.
A white plane with yellow and white tail parked at an airport terminal.
A white plane with an orange tail parked at a gate.
The baby wrapped in a blanket.
A little boy with a blue towel sitting on a sink.
A skier in yellow pants.
A women with green jacket.
A dog sitting in a chair while another smaller dog rests on top of the chair.
A brown dog sitting in a chair near a window.
The table top area around all edges of the plate except the top.
A tabletop with a bunch of things on it.
the container of ketchup to the left of a pile of donuts.
Tomato sauce in a katori.
the bed on the left.
A right side giraffe.
A giraffe to the right of another.
The blue car is parked.
A blue hatchback car outside of the horse training arena.
An empty blue and white chair.
A gray and blue chair.
the desk with the green chair.
A table sitting below a picture frame.
The right pizza.
A pizza with more toppings that the next pizza.
A dish of broccoli.
Green and black backpack sitting on the sidewalk.
A large black and dark green backpack on the ground.
2 different kinds of pizza on a metal square sheet.
A large pizza with different toppings on it with a spatula under a piece.
the black and white dog under the brown dog.
A white and black dog that is underneath a brown dog.
a man wearing a red color.skirt playing a game.
A girl wearing a read and black top jumping up in the air.
man with white shirt.
the man in white feeding the child.
The dog on the left.
A dog ot the left of another dog.
zebra in the right side of the image.
THe standing zebra whose face isn't visible.
The black handled tool furthest to the left.
A man in a green and white shirt leaning over with his hand on his knee.
A man in green shirt.
A chair with a female sculpture figure in front of it and no plant behind it.
Yellow surfboard with a logo on top.
A battered yellow surboard with a black and white decal towards the top.
A silver colored bus is stopping at signal.
A silver bus with green stripes on the road behind a blue-green taxi.
A closed white oven in a kitchen that a little boy is standing next to.
A white over door across from a boy in a hooded sweatshirt.
Surfboard being held longways.
The surfboard of the man facing the ocean.
A man with a white shirt talking to another man.
A blurred image of a man in a white shirt.
Some cut up carrots at the bottom of a bento box.
A lady chef preparing a dish in a professional kitchen.
A smiling woman holding a metal bowl.
A WHITE COLOURED CONTAINER HALF FILLED WITH RICE.
White bowl with a fork in it next to other plates of food.
the bed closest to the back wall.
last bed closest to the wall in the back.
A young zebra with a with a very bushy mane.
A baby zebra.
A young man's right foot wearing a black shoe on the heel of a skateboard next to a foot with a red shoe.
A young skateboarder man's torso and legs in tan pants and black sneakers.
The middle man.
A person holding a cell phone.
A girl in a black pants and coat taking a picture.
A black printed handbag on an airport chair.
a black bag hooked to the arm of a bench in the airport.
A zebra is standing in between two zebras inside a forest.
Two zebras walking.
A toddler starting his skating.
A boy standing on skis with a black hat.
old man was on black t-shirt.
A man that has 2 Wii controllers in his hand near a Christmas tree.
A shirtless man in swim trunks holding an orange boogie board.
smiling man in black trunks holding an orange boogie board.
Another persons leg.
the knee of someone wearing black shorts.
A chocolate cake with vanilla frosting and gummy bears on top of it.
A FULL OF CAKE EXCEPT ONE PIECE IN THE LARGE WHITE PLATE.
Someone is driving a motorcycle with someone on the back.
Person with a white jacket in the front of the motorcycle.
The male to the right of the other two people, with his mouth open about to bite into a wrapped sandwich.
The man on the right.
the black part of the car with dog near the fire hydrant.
A black car.
A lady with white cap sitting and watching mobile phone.
The woman with sunglasses, green shirt, and blure or black pants on and is sitting.
A black and silver fridge.
A black refrigerator.
A woman was etning pizza.
The only girl.
front giraffe.
A giraffe eats hay on a fence.
A fork laying on a black napkin.
woman in black clothes sitting beside a man.
woman sitting beside a man in a suit.
Train on the left.
The train in the back.
A bowl filled with chicken.
a glass  bowl of chicken on the table.
A container with fries in it.
tin.
TOP OF YELLOW BUS.
Yellow roof of a bus where only roof is shown.
a man wearing the jeans and jerkins put the cooling class.
A man wearing snow shoes walking in the snow with a second guy.
The woman wearing sunglass sits on the park bench.
A woman in black pants sitting on a park bench.
A little kid wearing diapers.
little kid wearing only a diaper.
a pizza sitting on a table with a gentlemen eating one of them and making a funny face.
Pizza slices on the platter.
the book under th phone.
A BOOK HOLDING A CHARGING MOBILE NEAR THE CAT.
Woman holding an umbrella wearing jeans, a blue button-down shirt and an open jacket.
A lady walking with the blue umbrella on her hand.
A young child brushing their teeth.
A young boy brushing his teeth with a green toothbrush, wearing a striped blue shirt.
A blue surf board being carried by a man in black and yellow swim trunks.
A wooden step stool that is next to another step stool that is surrounded with luggage.
a baseball hitter.
A baseball player in black swings the bat at a ball.
a plane with the letters C-GONJ.
An airplane with a red leaf on the tail that has its ladder down.
A black and white cow standing closest to the fence.
Black and white cow grazing in a field.
Woman in denim shirt displaying a crooked smile and big eyes looking up to the righton her face.
top right photo.
the man with long hair and blue jeans.
man wearing blue shirt in the left side of the image.
middle banana in the bunch.
the bottom banana in the right hand picture.
The steel serving tray underneath the pizza.
The round, silver tray on which the pizza is sitting.
A pice of pepperoni and olive pizza that is only touching tips with another piece of pizza to its right.
The top left slice of pizza.
An large elephant with only its butt showing.
A  baseball player  swinging a bat.
A baseball player hitting a ball with a bat.
A bottle of wine sitting next to a glass of water.
wine bottle next to the glass of water.
A red motorcycle with a man standing next to it, near a black motorcycle.
The rear part of a red motorcycle.
middle zebra.
BLACK TIPPED FURRY HORNS ON GIRAFFE HEAD.
The person in the blue shirt is blurry.
A lady in blue staring at man with bananas on his head.
the casserole dish with broccoli.
the broccoli in the seperate dish.
white plane with red green and black on tail.
A jetliner with a a red, green, white and black tailfin.
Picture of the back of a giraffe bending over.
A child with a blue hat riding a miniature train with other children and an adult.
Child sitting on a ride with a blue fishermans hat, orange shirt, and hands raised.
the black horse.
Black horse with windblown mane.
The person farthest to the left.
person on left.
A woman smaling.
A woman in a red shirt and a scarf around her neck pulling her luggage through the airport.
A man wearing blue jeans, a brown vest, a tan shirt and hat, holding the face of a sheep that has just been shorn.
A man wearing a hat petting a goat.
woman with a carry on suitcase.
A very tall woman with orange shorts dragging luggage behind her.
The black train engine is labled 5199.
A train with engine car number 5199.
The monitor directly to the left of the laptop.
SCREEN WITH THE GRID ON IT ON RIGHT SIDE OF CONTROL BOARD.
The motorcycle riding a man.
Not the man, but the motorcycle under him.
A dark-colored cat.
a cat with dark fur sitting in front of a cat with light fur.
The woman playing wii with the dark grey sweater.
A woman in a gray shirt playing a video game.
the half of pizza that is on the left side of the plate.
A red couch.
man in a patterned sweater looks scared in a kitchen.
a man is standing with pants and full sleeve t shirt and opened his mouth.
the boy with the red and white striped shirt.
boy with striped shirt.
Man wearing a black shirt and green shorts.
kid with green shorts.
A park bench with some wire hanging from it.
An all-black motorcycle.
A mostly full bottle of water with the cap on.
A wooden chair with a black bag sitting on top of it next to a toilet.
The wood chair with the bag on it.
The plant in the blue pot.
green plant in a blue planter.
woman eating.
The blonde woman.
A white skateboard.
A skate board, and written "cascadia long board" on it.
A fork sitting on a plate.
A fork next to a knife on a half empty plate.
The bench is green in colour where the man sat.
the seat the man in on.
An oven the black shirted man is working in.
Oven with open door.
This is a stuffed giraffe hugged by a woman.
A stuffed girafe with a female petting it.
The smaller sheep that is looking away toward the left.
A sleep with a sort of blue/green stain on its back.
A black bowl containing food remnants.
A black bowel has some food in it.
The broccoli behind the big piece of broccoli in the foreground.
Cook broccoli on the far left side.
a piece of bread with garnish.
A piece of bread with greens on it to the left of a sandwich.
The laptop on the left.
A laptop to the left of a desktop computer.
A blue bus that is parked next to two other buses.
the blue bus.
Two women standing under an umbrella.
the woman in red in the right hand picture.
white bowl with cheese.
bowl of shreded mozarella.
A clam shell cell phone with wording of CG silicon on its face.
The larger cell phone on the right.
A girl with braids and a flower in her hair is wearing a blue shirt and eating a piece of cake.
A little girl in a blue shirt eats cake.
Man standing near a woman.
the man standing in the background of the right side of the image.
the cup contain some black colors liquid.
A chocolate cup of mouse with powdered sugar on it.
THE SCISSOR WHICH IS CUTTING THE TOP OF THE EYE BROW.
Top eyelashes being cut with scissors.
a zebra eating grass on the ground.
Zebra looking down eating the grass with head behind some branches.
man in blue hat running to get a tennis ball.
man wearing white shirt scoring the goal in field hockey.
A traffic signal that is green.
traffic light next to a building with a solid green bulb lit.
A girl that is holding another girl on the tennis court.
A girl carrying another girl.
A park bench.
A cement bench on which a guy is sitting.
A spoon on the left side of the salad dish.
Top half of a bun with ketchup on it.
A brown roll with red ketchup on top of it.
Woman with a white t-shirt on a black chair int he background.
A lady busy in cooking on the kitchen.
An older lady in a green shirt with her arm around a child.
A woman in a green sleeveless shirt and white pants.
a blue airplane seat.
Two airline seats next to window, behind other seats, not the seat in the bottom front of picture.
the carrot chunks in the back row.
A Grey van that is parked.
the dark van.
person in black standing off to the side.
a person's arm wearing a black shirt.
A tennis player with blue T-shirt & shorts in the court.
A man in blue and white playing tennis.
a person with gray sweater.
A man wearing a grey hoodie with a lanyard around his neck.
The ski that is propped up on the right.
neon green skis.
The white object low over the water, that the two black men are standing to the right of.
The boat of the men WITHOUT life vest on.
A bicycle cop riding to the right of his partner.
The umpire.
An umpire stands at attention during a baseball game.
The bus that is on the road about to leave.
A yellow and white bus that is out of service.
The man wearing a red hat and red boots is cross country skiing.
A man in red bent forward skiing.
the zebra that is resting his snout on the back of the other zebra.
A zebra with its head resting on another zebra.
A tallest giraffee amonth the two giraffee.
The larger giraffe.
a lady in a white wedding dress with her arm on a guy.
A bride and groom.
horse standing on the beach.
horse which is standing.
all the train except the engine.
A man in the water behind a boy on a surf board.
A man in the water.
A child in red kicking his feet.
A child in camouflage shorts with his feet on the wall, lying on a booth seat.
The kneeling boy at the far left of his two seated friends watches some television.
A child rearing a brown shirt.
the man with a moustache.
An older man playing tennis lunging at the ball.
The man watering the elephants.
A person in a blue shirt and tan shorts.
A woman sitting on a toilet.
A person with an Afro is sitting on a toilet reading a newspaper.
A Giraffe is walking behind another Giraffe while looking at the camera with trees in the background.
A giraffe facing towards the photographer.
Projection of a white screen with green boxes and text.
Large projection screen that you can only see a small portion of.
bed with decorative pillows on other side of room.
An empty bed in a motel with nobody on it.
A large stack of magazines on a wood floor.
A large collection of various books and magazines.
A LADY PLAYING A THROW PLATE GAME.
A woman throwing a frisbee.
A laptop is under repair by two persons.
the partially opened laptop.
A umbrella near the green flag.
The left shade cover.
the baseball player facing away from the camera.
man in yellow jacket holding a piece of plastic.
man in yellow coat.
an old clock on a church.
An intricate circular structure above another.
a round white plate.
Plate holding donuts.
the chair in the back.
A young child looking downwards.
A toddler with a green shirt and blue bib pointing playing with a cell phone.
The taller standing man.
taller man standing on left side.
the sandwich half on the left.
The part of the sandwich next to the drink.
pizza with black toppings.
A player running behind the player crouching down.
A team player walking on the feild carring a water bottle and wearing white pants.
A brunette woman with a grey top playing the Wii game in a living room.
woman in grey.
A goat , which is visible partly especially the back only.
A white sheep that is barely visible.
A chair with a handbag hanging over the back and the chair beside of it.
Wooden chair with the purse on it.
A chocolate glazed doughnut full of creme.
a Bun with chocolate on top of it placed on the table.
A toddler wearing red snuggling a baby wearing a white outfit.
A boy kisses his infant baby.
the black plane.
A black airplane.
A giraffe crouching on the grass facing the camera.
purple camping chair.
A blue foldable chair.
A woman wearing an orange coat, pulling a dog behind her in a suitcase.
A woman in a brown coat.
A woman wearing a striped shirt.
A woman on a cell phone.
man in striped shirt.
A man in a striped standing in front of a whiteboard.
a man is having life boat.
A man holding a surfboard.
Inoperable parking meter with a red and blue bag over it.
A hood over a parking meter.
Orange with dried stem on tip.
The lowest orange in the bowl.
Adult male with red shorts and white shirt behind the boy.
Older tennis player.
chair that boy is not sitting in.
A chair that is to the right of the child eating food, we can barely see it.
A BOY PLAYING.
boy wearing red and blue shirt holding out wii controllers.
The person sitting in the green shirt.
The sandwich on the right side of the plate has tomato on it.
player in red t-shirt.
Guy in red shirt.
The bottom of a woman's snowboard as she sits in the snow.
the BURTON snowboard.
Brown high chair with baby sitting and eating in it.
a wooden high chair.
A small elephant walks next to a larger elephant.
A baby elephant walking beside a larger elephant.
the cat with its eyes closed on the right.
A black cat that is sleeping.
A man wearing dark color sweater in the snow.
A man with no hat and wearing brown shirt and brown pants with his arm around a woman.
A surfboard to the left of three other boards.
A surfboard with an American flag.
A tall blue surfboard behind a man in a black wetsuit.
A taller blue surfboard to the left of another shorter board.
A man riding on  a skateboard.
A guy wearing a backwards hat skating on a skateboard.
Person holding fork.
two hands holding fork.
A man with a blue and green wetsuit.
The person carrying a surfboard who is wearing a gray and green wetsuit.
The blue Kites tail.
The long blue ribbon tail of a kite at a public park flies over a little girl smiling.
Little girl on a skateboard.
A girl in a pink shirt riding a skateboard.
two men sitting behind red table.
Two men, one in a red and blue plaid shirt looking at the camera and another in a blue shirt talking to a woman.
Two chocolate donuts stacked together.
Red van on left.
RED BUS ON LEFT.
The computer touched by the woman's right hand.
The computer that the girl is using with her right hand.
Papers which was in front of picture before the cat.
SOME HAND WRITTEN PAPERS NEAR THE CAT.
Woman in a white dress sitting at a table looking at her phone.
A woman  looking into a mobile phone sitting on a sofa.
White and black suitcase chained to 2 other suitcases.
A white suitcase with black dots chained to other suitcases.
a chair sitting at a table.
A pale blue reclining chair in the corner of a room.
The sliver or gray colored recliner.
A passenger train car.
A small train with windows.
Yellow kayak to the left of the white one.
A yellow canoe directly to the left of a white one.
Muffins in a glass bowl.
A clear glass dish filled with bread in between two bowls.
Red colored table cloth with the word Cola on it.
red color table in the left side.
A bike with white printed rims.
Front end of a blue bicycle.
the rightmost sun blocker.
A hat which is at the right side of the other two hats.
slice of pizza on plate with cheese stringing from pan.
pizza to the right in plate.
A brown cow behind a black cow.
A brown cow standing behind a black cow.
Two horses leading a carriage.
The zebra in front looking to it's left standing in grass with a younger zebra behind it.
A zebra in a field next to a smaller zebra.
clear umbrealla with rain on it.
Broccoli in a pile.
Broccoli florets displayed with other vegetables.
A GIRL UITTING THE BIKE WITH BOY FRIEND.
The girl on the red scooter.
A laptop computer screen.
A small, laptop monitor.
A player with black helmet and white track suit.
a baseball player standing in the back of a picture.
The female with the beige handbag.
A woman with a brown bag.
Cat under sink.
The cat underneath the sink.
A keyboard.
The keyboard in front of the monitor.
The bento box with rice in it.
A bowl of rice and seaweed next to another bowl of broccolli  and sweet potato.
african american woman wearing red jacket.
Three happy people smiling and hugging.
A computer screen to the left of two other computer screens.
the monitor on the left.
A roll cake is set on a table with a fruit tart as part of a celebration.
A cake with white frosting on a white cardboard base.
Two pieces of pepperoni pizza to the right of two other pieces.
Upside down half of a fruit.
Half of an orange on top of an orange juicer.
A man wearing a black shirt sitting to the left of another man in a black shirt.
A man with his hands covering his face.
semi truck parked on street.
The back of a truck partially taken in a photo.
The cow on the right.
A man in a light colored short sleeved shirt playing Wii on a huge screen.
The man in a white shirt.
man in gray shirt and black pants standing to bat.
Batter in black pants.
A clock on side of a building.
A clock on the wall which is fully visible above a door in the wall.
a group of yellow apples in front of 3 bunches of bananas.
A green and red apple.
A boy in a dress shirt has on a tie that says Jesus is the way.
A young man with a tie around his neck that says Jesus is the way.
A WHITE TRANSPARENT UMBRELLA HOLDING BY A LADY.
A white umbrella being carried by the woman.
A lady with green and white tops wearing specs.
A blonde woman wearing glasses and white shorts with a green sweater.
The giraffe on the left that is leaning over to grab some hay.
A GIRAFFE IN THE BALCONY SIDE.
The motorcycle halfway out of the frame.
The partially visible back end of a black motorcycle to the right of the blue one.
The black bench the man is sitting on.
ornate black metal bench with man on cell phone seated on it.
close up image of stuffed toy, as seen in bottom left frame.
A teddy bear hanged on bag which is biggest.
The zebra.
A very healthy looking zebra eating straw, while next to a feeding trough.
One giraffe looking left.
A giraf facing left side.
a white man in a black and yellow shirt.
a white man with a yellow and black soccer outfit.
A man with curly hair and glasses posing with a tennis racket.
A man wearing a white and red shirt.
the second phone on the left. The flip phone.
The phone that is second from the left is the only flip phone pictured.
Banana bits on cutting board.
The elephant in the background behind the larger elephant.
An elephant hiding behind another.
Parking meter with mw va.
double parking meter on the left.
The further of two yellow motorcycles.
A yellow bike with black wheels sitting to the right of an identical bike.
The small white dish holding the liquid sauce.
A small white sauce dish holding a creamy sauce behind a ramekin holding a golden dessert.
Wooden chair pushed under a table.
An old wooden chair at a kitchen table.
Giraffe behind a group of people.
the giraffe without the tongue showing.
Bus driving down street.
A bus ridding in a road.
A plate of rice.
A plate filled with rice.
A white shirt and water bottle on a bench.
An elephant that has its trunk on the head of another elephant.
An adult elephant.
a bird standing on the cage.
A small bird hanging on the net.
A BEAUTY GIRL WITH HIS BOY FRIEND IN A RESTAURANT.
A girl in green pointing at something.
the middle part of the middle tray.
A BREAD OMLET IN CENTER POSITION OF GREEN BOX.
Round wicker chair with fan above it.
This is a chair that looks like a ball.
truck in the front of blue car.
A jeep with the license plate of M562RUJ.
pair of skis in the snow.
The furthest member of a trio.
Man in red as part of barbershop quartet.
book on the far left.
A brown horse with a yellow saddle blanket.
The baby is eating her food.
A shirtless baby in a high chair.
brown sandwich.
A sandwich with lettuce and cheese behind a wine glass.
A yellow, red, and gray train below another train.
The train that is not pulling any other cars.
A long countertop.
A brown long wooden counter top with items on it.
A collection of books visible over the right shoulder of a stuffed teddy bear.
The face of a white tddy bear with a pink bow on its neck.
teddy bear with a pink bow.
dog on higher ground.
The white dog sitting on top of the deck next to the window.
Half a sandwich nearest the dip container.
The sandwich half that is touching the red food.
The flower arangement on the left.
Red flowers in a clear glass vase.
black and white cow behind mostly black cow.
Part of a white cow with a black spot around it's neck area.
An arm grabbing the tie of someone standing close by.
A woman wearing a black sweater holding a man's tie.
The man in the hotdog with the arm covering the hotdog label on the bottom.
A person posing in front of a hotdog cutout that does not have Top Dogs visible on it.
A girl wearing a red iger shirt biting a donut.
Woman with long red hair wearing tigger shirt biting into a donut.
An arm resting on the edge of a table with it's hand hovering over a plate.
The hand above the white plate not holding anything.
The man behind the fence holding a piece of paper.
A baseball coach watching a pitcher.
A woman.
The woman in the dunder mifflin shirt.
A brown and white dog laying his head on a towel.
A brown and white dog laying on a red blanket.
A boat with the name Silva on it.
A blue and white boat between two others.
the legs of a woman with a plaid umbrella.
The visible half of the person with the black umbrella.
GLASS BOWL WITH PASTHA  IN THE TABLE.
The large square glass bowl of macaroni and cheese.
a pink and black plane.
pink airplane.
a man with a red, white, and blue plaid shirt.
Back of man in red and black checkered shirt.
a man cutting a cake.
person with black suit cutting the cake.
TWO GRIZZLE CUBS.
YOUNG CUB WITH ITS TONGUE STICKING OUT.
Someone with a black t-shirt with a small star sittring in front of their plate of food.
elephant was eatting grass.
large elephant.
horse on the right side of another horse.
The horse standing on the right of the other horse.
the food mat to the right of the table.
Placemat with near full sunlight shining on it.
floor area on the bottom right corner.
carpet to right of cushion.
chair with person's leg on it.
The woman on skis pulling a trailer.
Skier in teal blue pants.
The giraffe with its face looking up at the pole.
Motorcycle with black helmet hanging on it.
A parked motorcycle.
The Cow with a white leg sitting in the road.
a black and white cow laying in the street.
The lowest row of broccoli on the left, touching the table.
A dog with it's mouth open.
A brownish-red dog with a red collar and tags breathes heavy.
Blue luggage with wheels.
A blue luggage paralel to the manholes.
the closest airplanes tail.
The tail where the full airline name can be read.
Two ovens inside the wall of a kitchen.
The black oven mounted in the wall.
Wedding cake knife.
cake knife in foreground with fancy handle.
A blue color knife which close to the camera is on the table.
The green stuff on the right of the sandwich.
the green food on the right.
A dirty man walking by a white vehicle.
A man wearing a light tan shirt and light tan pants.
The cat furthest away from the main part of the bag.
A baseball player in a white-and-blue uniform swings a bat.
baseball player.
A cake behind another cake.
The horse on the left side that has a black tail and main.
brown horse with black main and black socks.
A man with brown shoes.
The person to the furthest right.
A woman in a black top.
A woman eating a salad at the table.
a man in a white shirt.
Man in a white shirt and tan shorts sitting on a barstool at a bar.
The train that is on the tracks.
the yellow grey and blue train.
A London style bus behind another one.
A bus that is following another bus.
Biscuit in the hands of a small.
the biscuit the girl is holding in the right hand picture.
A police officer riding a motorcyle around a pole.
A police officer on a motorcycle.
a white and blue train car.
White train on the tracks to the left of the red and white train.
zebra on the most left.
zebra on left side of the other zebras.
A white tub of yogurt.
yogurt behind onions.
a cow with long dark horns.
cow closest to man.
a man leaning down.
a man wearing a button down shirt and jeans.
Two peaches.
a pizza on tabule.
Triangular piece of crust closest to the camera.
A mug beneath two avocados.
Upside down white mug directly in front of two avocados.
Man with tatoo on his left arm holding a white surfboard.
A man that is holding a surfboard and has an arm tattoo.
A black dishwasher.
A black dishwashing machine.
A chair in front of an old television.
A green chair in front of a TV next to a white chair.
A person with a yellow costume typing on a laptop.
a man with a yellow hood on typing at a laptop.
A green couch to the left of another couch.
A blue sofa close to a lamp.
The person who is wearing a red shirt.
A person chopping up potatoes on a clear blue cutting board with onions in the foreground.
The black horse.
A black horse with white hair on the bottom of its legs.
A love-seat couch, that is a gold-green color, with two gold/green throw pillows on the seats.
A green love seat with two pillows placed inside of a living room decorated with other furniture.
The blue car that's crashed into the bus.
a blue car.
A truck with graffiti on it.
A box truck with graffiti on the back and side.
A bear with another bear behind it.
The brown bear to the left of another brown bear.
A small giraffe looking to it's left with 3 other giraffes beside it.
The giraffe with the skinniest neck.
The right most grazing zebra.
zebra behind other zebra.
The front-most unbrella, second from the left.
The left-most chair in a row of three chairs at a desk.
The chair to the left of two other chairs.
the banana on the left under the oranges.
white horse in race.
a white horse following a brown horse.
man with a boy on a bike.
A man in sunglasses and a blue shirt that is pushing a boy on his bike.
A  MAN WEARING BLUE DRESS SERVING SOME SWEETS.
The man with the bald head.
Shortstop playing baseball crouched down behind home plate.
A baseball player in a grey uniform crouches on the field.
A catcher squatting and being set for the fellow teammate's pitch.
A catcher wearing a red helmet.
A man wearing a dark colored shirt standing behind two people on a couch.
A man standing over a couch.
A tan ottomon.
A chair with a foot stool in front of it.
chair next to kid occupied chair.
the vacant brown chair with a bag on it.
Front most carrot on the left side.
A half of a carrot that is the front part of some sort of carrot/leaf shelter.
the pizza on the bottom closest to the camera.
The cheesey breadstick on the bottom closest to the camera.
A woman with a black shirt and brown hair plays with a child in a striped shirt.
Mother playing with her daughter on the floor.
woman with short red curly hair holding the frisbee.
A woman in gray holding a frizz bee.
A moored boat with a captains cabin.
A white and red boat.
A full glass of water.
A glass with ice water and freezing outside.
person in back.
A woman wearing a purple shirt.
Darker colored beverage bottle.
An older man in a light colored shirt and jean shorts holding a newspaper.
MAN ON BOTTOM LEFT SIDE READING PAPER.
there is a man standing behind a stroller.
The guy pushing a baby stroller.
A plant on the very right edge of the photo.
A glass of root beer that is closest to the person in the black shirt.
drink glass in the tray which is near to the black tea shirt women.
a man riding a skateboard holding a dog leash.
A ma on a skateboard wearing a red hat and a red and black jacket.
A refrigerator door with a lot of magnets on it.
The half of a refrigerator that is covered in decorative magnets and does not have an ice maker.
A boy wearing a green shirt holding a bat.
boy wearing green and holding bat.
horse was waring jurkin.
The horse that the woman is leading.
A bird flying with its wings up.
Bird in flight, top.
short woman with short hair.
A woman wearing w red gown holding the arm of a man.
A bowl of bananas, honey and blueberries.
A blue pot containing bananas, honey and blackcurrants.
a half eaten chocolate donut.
A man skating and making video.
a person in shorts riding a skateboard in the street.
A silver cup of white sauce.
A small metal dish full of sauce.
A mother zebra with calf.
A zebra standing near another zebra which is lying down.
small child wearing a large red motorcycle helmit.
a chaild was sitting on bike.
The white cup on the table.
A small white cup next to a pastry.
two men and one has hand on the other's shoulder.
Man with glasses and a goatee.
A big brown and white milking cow.
Large cow near small cow.
a black dog.
larger dog.
Wine glass on table.
wine glass in the left most side of the image.
person on farthest left.
The guy in the first sequence of movements.
The man in the middle standing in front of the cow.
man in zippered jacket standing between two men.
the cow on the very left with white spotted stomach.
The cow at the far left.
A man in black standing on skis.
A man in front of a large hill wearing skis and holding poles.
A chair with an ottoman in front of it.
leather chair next to the ottoman.
A yellow menu that is behind a man wearing a yellow shirt.
A yellow menu sitting in the window of a shop.
A sightly charred hot dog in the center of a plate.
A black suitcase that is sitting in a vehicle between another black suitcase and a red suitcase.
A black plastic piece of luggage in the back of someones car.
An opposing soccer player in red pursues a UC-Davis player in white.
A soccer player wearing red.
A bowl of sugar.
a bowl of porridge on the table.
The player in green and white behind the other 3 players.
The white man who is farthest away from the ball and is partially covered up by his teammates.
A small giraffe in the grass.
A baby giraffe in a field with green grass.
A white four door car in a city intersection.
small white car.
BOY ON LEFT.
A young man in a striped shirt and white swim trunks holding a white surf board.
A half eaten sandwich sitting on a plate.
A partly eaten half of a sandwich to the right side of a white plate.
giraffe on far right.
A giraffe standing to the right of other giraffes.
A chef in white showing off.
A man standing behind food dishes with his arms out.
The remote control to the left of the gray Cox one.
The remote control on the far left with a big circular white play button.
The orange suitcase.
orange case.
A banana peel to the right of the blue mouse that is very ripe.
the banana that is turning black.
The leftmost apple, with no stickers on it.
A red apple located in the background of the left side.
Man wearing a black shirt.
A man touching his face.
A bicycle with a milk crate basket leaning against a pole.
Two bikes against a pole one with a black milk crate as a basket.
A kid riding a motorcycle.
A boy in a blue shirt and dark blue pants is sitting on a motocycle while an adult is holding the bike, and looking to his right.
A man in a jersey stands in the background.
Man in the blue and red jersey.
A reflection in the mirror of a baby taking a bath in the sink.
the reflection of the baby.
The white color monitor showing a spread sheet.
A white computer monitor.
a tomato and cheese sandwich.
turkey, tomato, and cheese sanwhich.
An elephant between two other elephants.
second elephant standing in the middle of the three standing.
Black motorcycle being ridden by man in Santa suit.
A man dressed as Santa Claus riding a black motorcycle.
The brown couch on the far right.
Brown couch with two tan and brown pillows.
Half a sandwich on a plate closest to the photographer.
Grilled chicken sandwich.
a man in a red shirt smiling and taking a picture with a handicapped old man.
a man in a red polo shirt.
The black bag is resting against the two walls.
the bag on the left in the right hand picture.
an old man stands by the water.
man in white shirt standing on sidewalk.
WOMAN IN TAN PANT SUIT.
A woman with dark hair wearing a tan pant suit, standing between two men.
The vehicle that can go on water.
An old-fashioned plane with water landing equipment.
A man with curly brown hair wearing a white shirt talking on a phone.
A man in a white Tshirt talking on his phone walking behind a woman.
The skis of the person behind the ice.
blue skis of person standing behind ice.
Green Arm Chair in a living room on a rug.
The light green chair.
The banana on the top to the far right.
train 4522.
The train who's front end is showing in the picture.
Two giraffes wrapping their heads around each other.
A giraffe intertwines its neck with another larger giraffe.
Lamb in a meadow grazing next to two other lambs.
A sheep eating grass.
A sheep standing in front of another sheep and a dog.
The sheep on the left closest to the camera.
An elderly woman cutting a cake.
An old woman cutting cake.
The hull of a blue boat on the water.
Blue boat next to a smaller yellow boat.
A hot dog in a basket.  It is to the right of another hot dog.
a brown and blond grizzly bear with a black snout.
The bear up front.
A baseball player.
A baseball player with a bat and leaning against a fence.
A clock face on the left side of a tower.
A slice of pizza topped with cheese and broccoli covering up a fork.
A piece of pizza on the right side of a white plate.
A boy with his racket head on the ground.
a man touching his tennis racket to the ground.
Man in suit sitting in chair talking with woman next to him.
man on right.
An older woman playing tennis in black pants and a blue sweatshirt.
a lady in a dark blue sweater.
A man with sunglasses and white tank-top.
A man in a white tank top and grey jeans.
A blue United Airlines jet N7975K.
The large airplane predominately featured in the picture that says United on the side in the middle.
A lady having a glass of drink in her hand.
A woman.
the first half orange piece from the front.
a old man hand in the galss.
A man in a red sweater drinking a glass of wine.
The sink on the left.
The sink on the left.
A black Toyota truck with a green stripe across the window.
The truck thats front liscence plate is visible.
the bus with number "HF 57 BKN".
Bus in the front with 4b.
a man in sweater and shorts playing with a little boy.
A person in green shorts and a black sweatshirt and sandals, playing catch with a child.
The closest giraffe with its head high up in the tree.
The giraffee on the right with his head in the trees.
bearded man laying in a bed.
The man on the bed.
A tennis racket held by a man in a green shirt.
tennis racket of man in green.
A white silver tie is posed to the left of the logo.
a man wearing a tuxedo standing 2nd from the right  of four people.
The large airplane wing that is showing only the wing.
A plane only a part of a wing is visible.
A man wearing a white lanyard around his neck.
man in blue shirt with eyes closed.
a small child.
A boy looking in a refrigerator.
The short blue surfboard.
The skating boat was in blue colour.
Yellow mustard and the top of a sandwitch.
A container filled with yellow mustard.
An elephant standing in profile.
The fully shown elephant.
A cheese and pepporoni pizza that is going to be eaten soon.
A chair with a woman sitting in it.
A chair holding a woman in a skirt.
The bench that is empty.
The bench with no one on it.
blond lady wearing blue and white with number 4 on shirt.
A winner with her arms in the air with number four on her uniform.
A girl in the tennis court, with yellow tshirt.
A woman in a yellow shirt holding a tennis racket.
Woman standing in front of mirror brushing her teeth.
A woman in a black shirt with something being done to her teeth.
little boy reaching through a window.
A little boy.
The center bike by the center person with arms up.
The white and blue bike.
A giraffe with its tongue hanging out of it's mouth stands in front of two other giraffes inside an enclosure.
a short person under an umbrella.
A woman with a black down jacket and hat  on.
the horse in the middle.
The horse in the middle.
A black dog is sitting on sofa between two dogs.
An awake black dog sitting on a towel on a couch.
A man lying down with a white shirt.
A man lying on the ground with a white shirt and blue jeans.
Man on right wearing white shirt and orange shorts.
a fat person with white tshirt throwing an yellow disk.
man on right arms up.
Boy wearing eyeglasses in blue t-shirt stand on the ledge of a swimming pool with another boy holding a football and a girl holding a teddy bear.
A bowl containing soup.
bowl with chopped up meat and vegetables.
a black coloured dress lady walking with an umbrella.
The person holding the brown umbrella.
man holding skis.
An elderly man in a white ski jacket holding red skis and black ski poles.
brown bread vegetable sandwich with tooth pick next to white bowl.
the sandwich in the plate of the man in black.
A green houseplant next to a cat.
A plant is there above the cat.
big yellow truck.
A very large yellow and steel semi truck.
A snowboarder wearing a lime green coat.
Person in bright green coat.
black suitcase on floor.
A black traveling suitcase on the carpet.
A brown stuffed teddy bear on a bed of stuffed toys.
the bears foot in the back on the right in the right hand picture.
A man holding a can in a white shirt and tie.
man in the white shirt and red tie.
Man in blue shirt and pants holding umbrella and flowers.
A man holding a striped umbrella.
A heavy set man with a beard, wearing a gray sweat shirt.
Sky blue jeans person wearing grey sweater laughing with his teeth coming up.
a woman with short blonde hair wearing a black shirt.
A woman wearing glasses.
A brown dog laying a blue and yellow blanket near a white dog.
A brown dog lying on the bed.
The spoon to the right of the green fork.
the umbrella on the left.
the umbrella closest to the pink lounge.
A little girl sitting in front of a man.
Young girl in dress with blazer.
The woman with brown hair standing in front of the stove.
The woman with the black hair.
A table with a red table cloth with various dishes on it.
buffet table.
A girl in a green shirt next to an older woman.
A little girl sitting on a couch in a room.
pizza with toppings.
A pizza with olives for a topping.
a baby elephant with its trunk on its head.
A baby elephant.
The man standing behind the bench.
A white haired, bearded man in a purple suit.
The chocolate muffin.
A brown muffin on the white plate.
A man in a blue shirt serving choclate brownies.
A man wearing a blue t-shirt.
A lone fork laying on a gray-and-black checkered place mat.
A long fork on a place setting wit ha checkered placemat.
An empty brown wooden chair pushed up under a table next to three kids.
A chair that is unoccupied.
A MAN WEARING A COAT EATING A BURGER & SOMETHING.
Man wearing blue suit and red tie preparing to eat hot dog.
gray hair.
A light gray dog standing behind another one.
left top most clock.
Top left clock face.
Two skiies that that touching the ground.
The pair of skis touching the ground.
A boy in a white shirt eating pizza.
A persona wearing a white shirt, sitting and eating.
luggage sitting next to the wall.
A large black suitcase standing close to the door.
The street light that is facing towards the one way sign.
The side view of a street light.
A sheep eating grass next to another sheep.
A woolly animal to the left of another.
A red chair facing forward in a hotel room.
bike having helmet.
The motorcycle with a helmet on it.
A surfer with one hand on his hip.
A man looking out over the ocean carrying a white surfboard with a rolled up leash.
A person wearing a black jacket and holding a pink object.
A boy in a dark blue jacket.
A blurry person on a bench.
A man in blue sitting with his arms relaxed on his knees.
Piece of bread with butter partially melted.
A slice of buttered bread.
The vase in the center of the other vases.
The middle vase.
A woman wearing a blue jacket and orange glasses next to a woman with a white hood.
A woman with orange ski goggles on her head and a black hat.
The small elephant on the far left.
THERE IS ONE SMALL ELEPHANT IS STANDING ON THE GRASS WITH ANOTHER TWO ELEPHANTS.
The pieces of broccoli.
A piece of broccoli above one other piece of broccoli.
A chair which is brown in color with place for hands resting.
A brown color chair.
woman on left side.
A mother with a plaid skirt walking.
Person to the right.
The person who can't really be seen eating.
The skateboarder who is falling.
The man who is falling down.
A BABY SITTING THE CHAIR AND CUTTING THE FOOD.
A young boy playing with his food at an outside table.
A brown chair.
A brown chair with a colorful pillow sitting on it in the right corner of a room.
A dinner table filled with meals.
The table full of food at which there are four women sitting.
front door of the oven.
A white colored laptop placed in the stand.
white color keyboard on the wooden holdings.
A flip phone displaying the time 7:45.
a silver cell phone.
A black ski board with the words Wild Duck in orange letters on it.
a snowboard that says wild duck.
A man holding a stemmed wineglass.
A man wearing a black scarf and holding a wine glass.
The shorter adult goose with its neck more curved.
A duck with a short neck.
The bottle of Sprite.
A bottle of Sprite on a tray.
A black truck.
The black truck with a black box on it.
black truck.
Green train car.
A green trolley car with several number 3's painted on the side.
The black backpack on the back of the man bending down.
A man wearing a backpack bending over.
A woman sitting on the end of a bench with a blue coat and brown boots.
The woman in the yellow boots is waiting on a bench.
A silver moped bike with a person walking in front of it.
Scooter that does not have a passenger on it.
A man in a red jacket sitting on the ground with his ski equipment having something to eat and drink with his buddy next to them.
A man sitting on the right of a snowy hill.
woman with dark brown hair eating salad.
A girl holding a fork with lettuce.
A man surfing with no shirt and strips on his shorts.
A shirtless man with blue and white shorts surfing on a green, yellow, and red surf board near another person.
The fruit pie in the lower right corner on a blue serving tray.
A cake which is in the blue color plate.
The back of a person playing frisbee.
the boy in the navy blue shirt.
A elephant moving before elephant calf.
An elephants tail being followed by a young elephant.
A crouching baseball catcher.
The catcher between the umpire and batter.
The green bus.
a new mercedes bus that is yellow, gray and green.
A lady who is holding a wolf to enjoy the ride.
a girl on skis being pulled by a dog.
The plane in the center.
A steel aircraft that houses one pilot and has the letters DM 23 AF 212 on its tail.
Gaiffra to the right.
This is a dark-haired male sitting with his legs crossed wearing a red sweater and blue jeans.
A man in a red sweater.
An elephant with a lady wearing clothes of USA flag colors carrying USA flag on the back.
An elephant with his trunk pointed down and wearing a circus emblem on its head.
A boy doing a trick on a skateboard.
A young man jumping over a skateboard wearing jeans and a white t-shirt.
a donkey with his mouth wide open.
A small brown horse with it's mouth open.
small lamb sitting on ground on the right hand side next to two others.
A sheep to the right of two other sheep.
a phone inside of a samsung black, red, and white phonecase.
A phonecase with a white strap.
Man with short brown hair wearing white shirt with black stripes on it.
man on right.
the guy holding the dog in the right hand picture.
A man wearing a white shirt, black pants and white and grey socks is holding a dog.
A white boat with a dog standing on it.
The back bag of the red motorcycle.
A red motorcycle with a saddlebag in the back, behind a black motorcycle.
the first chair next to the table's leg.
blurry chair not obscured by green umbrella.
The smaller pizza.
A piece of pizza partly eaten on a plate with a blue color spill on it.
The horse on the left.
A brown horse being led by the bridle by the right hand of a man in overalls and a hat.
A metal bowl of mixed fruit.
SILVER BOWL IN THE MIDDLE OF TABLE .
A dog wearing a red christmas hat.
A brown dog with long hair wearing a christmas hat.
A tie that is flipped over a tan shirt.
A tie that has a gold and white pattern.
Man in a newsboy hat.
A man standing in front of the screen to expalin.
A sheep whose face is hiding behind another sheep.
The sheep standing close to and behind another sheep.
A cake that says 'VFS'.
The cake that says vfs.
A woman using an Apple computer.
Woman sitting behind mac laptop.
Laptop computer screen.
The hotdog furthest from the potato salad.
The hot dog on the left of the plate near the corn husk.
a bowl full of oranges.
the bowl in the right hand picture.
A man wearing a beanie and a black vest with a white tag attached to it.
Man wearing a skull cap.
A thin pizza with little cheese and with sardines.
A pizza with cheese and sardines on it.
A yellow cat on a brick walkway.
An orange cat walking away from a house.
The side of the cow next to the cow pictured.
The side of a cow, including its ear but not its face, standing next to another cow.
A man in black leather on a motorcycle.
A man weaaring a black jacket.
vase holding green leaves and purple flower.
The vase that the purple flower is sitting in on the table.
The giraffe with its neck bent downwards.
A giraffe bending down to eat from some trees.
A black and white zebra grazing.
the blue dock with bikes in the right hand picture.
the blue boat nearest to the camera.
Small bowl with rice and one pink shrimp.
The partially full plate in the corner.
a zebra next to some other animal.
A zebra that is interacting with a donkey.
the cow in the back.
A thick comforter wrapped around a loving couple.
A blue and white quilt.
A man in black suit bringing a golden briefcase drinking wine.
a man wearing the black colour shirt.
A biscuit with meat sitting in juice on a white plate.
An orange in the middle of two other oranges on a grey countertop.
A small orange with larger oranges above and below it.
The cat paws and terra cotta container with leaves and a long stem leaning beyond rim with one purple flower.
the potted plant with the purple flower.
A man dressed in a white shirt and red tie.
A man with a button up shirt and tie sitting in a room with 2 other people.
A calf standing behind a cow.
A child cow standing next to a big pregnant cow.
a man staring at a pizza.
A man looking excitedly at a large pizza.
The smaller sheep head on the right.
Small sheep sticking head out of fence.
A woman on the left wearing a light green ski hat.
The person on the left.
a black cow turned away from the camera.
The black cow with the tail facing the camera.
A baseball player in white about to swing at a ball.
the batter standing at homeplate.
The end of a red chaise or chair.
A red ottoman to the right of another red ottoman.
the third man from the left, holding a black hat on his lap.
A man in a suit second from the right.
a man was sitting on bancha.
A MAN SITTING THE CHAIR HOLDING THE ROPE.
a man with glasses throwing the frisbee.
man throwing frisby.
The man with glasses on the left of the woman.
A man in glasses behind a counter.
A beige couch with a circular barrel next to it.
a yellow chair with a tan throw on it.
A person on a tennis court near green wall.
A tennis official holding a tennis ball.
second tie from right.
A girl in a white soccer uniform with the number 4 on it.
soccer player floating.
A guy bending down to change a flat tire in the rain.
A man fixes his tire.
A couch with red, beige and black pillows.
A grey couch with pillows sits in a living room.
The chair on the right.
a barstool in front of a laptop.
bunch of bananas.
Four yellow bananas.
Furthest right of a group of 4 scissors has red handles.
The scissor,  on the most right.
a man in a light blue shirt and tan hat.
A male wearing a cap attempts to block a frisbee thrown by another male.
A sandwich, coffee, and a biscuit are placed on the restaurant table.
A table with a variety of food on and drinks on top of it.
A girl in a green shirt holding a pizza.
A girl with no glasses wearing a green shirt helps hold up a pizza tray.
Giraffe walking in front of two trees.
A giraffe in front of two large trees.
A little boy in a plaid shirt holding hands with a man wearing blue jeans.
A small child in a plaid shirt and jeans holding hands with an adult.
A bicycle being ridden by a person with a ski hat and white backpack.
bicycle front right of pic.
A small giraffee.
KIT GIRAFFE  STANDING POSITION WITH HER MOTHER GIRAFFE.
chair where girl in blue tracksuit sits.
A chair on which a lady wearing blue jerkin, is sitting.
The backside of a white horse.
A white horse with its tail slapping the fence pole.
A plastic container holding pasta.
The package with several dumplings in it, it is in the middle of the pizza with onions and peppers on it, the container with the vegetables, and the brightly colored cookies.
man with blue tie.
man with blue tie.
A man with a drink in his hand.
Man wearing shorts, sitting on a bench enjoying a drink.
The white couch that is not against the wall.
white cloth couch with dark blue foot stool.
A child sitting on a skateboard.
A child sitting on a skateboard.
aeroplane.
The Delta airplane readying to take off.
horse on right.
The horse on the right.
Half of a sandwich with a toothpick sticking in the top.
roast beef sandwich with an orange toothpick stuck through it.
The man in the very top picture with his mouth opened and a pipe somewhat in it.
the man in the top photo.
The bottom layer of the cake closest to the end of the fork prongs.
left side of a piece of cake.
cat sitting on lady's stomach.
The cat sitting on top of the woman.
A brown seabird.
A brown bird sitting on a rock near the ocean.
A large man in a black t-shirt wearing a goatee.
A fat man near another man in blue.
A small white motorboat with a man  directing the motor and a white dog standing on the front.
The small boat with outboard and dog standing on bow.
A small car next to a van.
A pair of dark jeans being worn.
A woman sitting on the couch.
the woman sitting on the couch.
A motorcycle with a man sitting on it.
A motorcycle with a man sitting on top of it.
The smallest elephant.
A small elephant.
Man in sport coat.
A bald man with glasses helping someone with thier tie.
apples to the right side of the bananas.
A red and green apple with a brown stem.
A baby zebra standing next to an adult zebra.
baby zebra.
a silver car with a California license plate.
The front end of the toyota car.
A man in a brown shirt.
Guy in light brown shirt on holding up a USQ card with his mouth open.
A car is on the street behind a van.
Front end of a car.
A man in a yellow shirt on a grass field.
A man in a yellow shirt.
man holding the remotes.
Man standing, looking at his video game controller.
An open black lap top.
The laptop monitor.
table with cups.
The table in the back.
A giraffe which is standing in front of other giraffes.
a giraffe standing in the grass.
oranges, both the fruit and the juice which is in the glass pitcher.
the orange juice and oranges.
a women.
the back of the head of a lady with chin-length brown hair wearing a dark red dress.
A smiling woman with glasses.
the smiling asian lady.
a man was seeing.
A man in a white t-shirt holding an umbrella and giving a warning look.
An elephant leading another elephant.
lead elephant.
A red and brown teddy bear.
A dark brown teddy bear is sitting in between two lighter color ones.
grey and white luggage.
grey and white luggage.
A slice of banana on the left side of a dessert.
A plate with dried up banana on it.
A tennis ball.
A tennis ball up in the air.
Bat in the right under the another.
A slice of pizza with peppers, olives and mushrooms on it.
A slice of pizza to the left of another slice of pizza.
The bottom of the blue crane.
Broccoli.
fried brucoli.
A cream colored calf lies down on a mountainside.
beige cow on the right looking right.
A cow.
A white cow sitting outside of the gate of its habitat.
An out of focus woman in a hoodie.
The elephant on the left.
this is the elephant on the left.
A person on the right that is the tallest person.
A tall man sitting on a bench.
Male zebra, bigger body, looking off the screen standing by the edge of the river.
A zebra ahead of the other zebra.
A small pizza with one slice removed.
Pizza with leafs on in it in a plate.
A man sitting on the back of a motorcycle.
A man wearing a suite on the back of a motorcycle.
Rightmost hot dog.
The hot dog with two large globs of ketchup.
The closest two white porcelin bowls in a bathroom.
a white bowl sink that is in the lower left corner.
turkey on right of two other turkeys.
A wild turkey with brown feathers facing into a tree.
The horse on the left.
The rear of the last of three elephants walking away.
An elephant in the back of a line of elephants.
The woman's bike.
bicycle ridden by woman in red blouse.
A GIRL WEARING BLACK DRESS LOOKING HER MOBILE  HOLDING HER YELLOW BAG.
A woman wearing black with a yellow hand bag.
A green and orange traincar standing to the left of the fully visible traincar.
Green boxcar on the other side of the track.
apple, almost entirely orange in color.
A slightly yellow apple with a hint of red.
A bicycle next to a green duffle bag.
A bicycle in the grass behind the man in a white shirt.
The orange toothbrush.
The middle tooth brush is white with red/orange accents and designs all over it.
lady in black dress.
Woman wearing a black dress.
The legs of a person to the right of a red laptop.
A woman in a red sweater playing Wii.
The woman in the red shirt.
The zebra tha appears to be standing and is the most front facing.
A front facing zebra who's white stripes are larger than his black stripes.
a tall giraffe.
A giraffe with its mouth closed.
A black computer mouse.
The black computer mouse.
A yellow vehicle with the name Denise written on it.
the crane above the purple stripe.
a dark blue motorcycle.
A blue moped with license plate.
A black and white cat trying to get to the water in the toilet.
the cats eating out the box.
The large white cruise ship.
large white cruiseship alongside a smaller boat.
A military aircraft on display.
A gray airplane with a white star to the right of an opened door.
The red chair at the table.
burgundy chair.
handbag in lady hand.
the strap of the mans backpack.
Blond girl with pink and white jacket on.
A little girl in a pink and white jacket.
the man in the yellow shirt.
The guy in a hat.
A man throwing a red Frisbee.
The person in front throwing a red disc.
Cow closest to camera.
brown and white cow with a bell around its neck.
A surfboard a lady is leaning on.
Not the woman's coffee, the other one.
A cup of coffee not directly in front of the lady.
A man in a plaid shirt and green shorts standing next to a little boy.
A man in a plaid shirt.
a laptop with a persons hands on it.
Person using the laptop computer on a table with another computer, glasses, and silverware.
The jet below the other three with its nose covering wing of leading jet.
a blue and yellow navy jet that is at the bottom of the formation.
A red color train engine moving.
Red train engine.
A recently wed groom and bride, focusing more on the groom with a red rose in his pocket.
a groom next to his wife.
A white and burlap style banquet chair with black metal.
A black chair with white seating and brown top.
A zebra walking away from the zebra that is checking out an object.
The zebra whose mouth is visible.
A long white canoe-like boat sitting at a dock in a lake.
A BOAT IN A WATER A TIED NEAR ANOTHER TWO BOAT.
a person in a white shirt with a baseball glove on.
the woman in the white shirt.
The toilet top area the cat is sitting on.
The lid to the back of the toilet that the cat is sitting on.
A dog sitting my its master.
The dog on  the right.
An orange with a sticker on the peel.
An orange fruit sports a dark blue sticker with yellow writing.
A red chair behind a grandmother at her 62nd birthday party.
A red chair in front of the top of a cake dish.
a red bus on the street.
a bus behind a white car.
the closest uhaul truck.
a white and orange UHAUL truck on road.
A yellow vehicle letting a man out.
yellow cab.
a male skier with a red jacket, black pants, and purple sky mask above his head standing next to two other skiers.
A lady with red jerkin with standing on the snow with slidder.
A medium-sized pair of scissors to the right of three other pairs of scissors.
Black handled scissors to the right of all others.
A chair in front of a pink Sony laptop.
the chair behind pink computer in the right hand picture.
Elephant in a fenced area behind a woman.
an elephant behind a woman wearing a lei.
A white horse in corner look the ground.
Skateboarder on the left with red hair.
skateboarder in grey sweatshirt to the far left.
man in red shorts.
the man jumping.
A girl holding a softball bat.
A young girl in summer clothes holding a baseball bat.
The batter.
player at bat.
Scooter which is in the repair shop.
A motorized scooter sitting next to a motorcycle.
The smallest giraffe behind the white and silver fence.
A small giraffe behind a fence.
a skier in blue pants.
A skier with blue pants.
A baseball catcher in white.
A catcher squatting behind a batter.
A bottle of wine behind a glass.
A wine bottle with one other bottle to its left and two other bottles to its right.
The boy in the black shirt.
A blond boy standing up wearing a blue shirt and blue and gold shorts.
Brownies in a pyrex baking tray on the stove.
A brownie in a pan that just came out of the oven.
Dark grey heron.
The large grey bird.
man in front of church.
Man in orange tie in front of church.
A man wearing blue jeans on top of a motorcycle.
Person's blue jean pant leg and black show over the motorcycle.
The empty table to the back left.
This is a table in a restaurant with nobody sitting there.
There is merron colored dinning table with drinking water.
A red table top with a glass on it.
a big book-like chair.
A chair that is shaped like an open book.
The No. 8 steam locomotive and its cars as they come down the track.
steam engine train.
A bus labeled Valparaiso.
A big red and white bus.
An old military propeller plan in the background next to a similar plane in the forefront.
farthest plain.
A guy with his hands in his pocket standing in between two other guys.
A man with long brown hair standing with his hands in his pockets.
Person in picture with head cut off.
A man wearing a white shirt and blue jeans.
A woman with black dress with a brown hand bag.
A woman sitting in a chair near a man.
girl skater in green shirt.
woman skating.
A person in a blue top sitting in a chair with a laptop.
A young buy playing with a white computer on his lap.
The foremost red table.
First table near the window.
Nearly full beer directly behind an uneaten burger.
A glass of beer behind a plate with a hamburger and fries.
Corner of a bed with a brown sheet and a  kid's hand on it.
A tan blanket on a couch cushion.
green leaves against wall.
indoor tree behind the man.
the laptop on the right.
windows laptop computer on a locked screen waiting for a password to be entered next to and old-model slide bar phone on a desk with 3 others windows pcs.
A white stem base holding bright purple flowers.
A white vase containing flowers next to two gray vases with the same flowers.
a cheesy piece of bread.
Food on the left side of the plate next to a slice of pizza.
a man with glasses keeping his left hand on mouth sitting and listening to clients.
The man sitting with  a green shirt.
the person sitting behind the bottle.
a skater in a cap and red shirt leaping in the air.
A skateboarder does a stunt high in the air.
the first man hitting a ball.
A bowl of soup with an orange spoon.
A bowl of soup with a red spoon in it.
A man wearing a brown hat and a yellow bag slung over his body.
The man wearing the white shirt and straw hat.
a girl wearing a blue dress with orange and white flowers smiling at her new fiancee.
Woman in a blue dress holding a bouquet of flowers.
Large elephant with its trunk hooked around the trunk of the other elephant.
An elephant standing first from the left holding another elephant.
A woman holding a game remote.
The woman wearing a hat who is holding a Wii Video Game steering wheel, she is sitting directly to the left of the gentleman holding a wiimote with the nunchuk attatched to it.
A zebra standing in front of two others.
A zebra that is foremost in the picture and looking at the viewer.
Teenager doing a skateboarding trick over a prop in the parking lot.
A boy in a baseball cap doing a trick on a skateboard, jumping over something metal.
A GIRL PLAYING IN THE BEACH AND POSING BACK SIDE.
a lady in bikini.
A plain hamburger on the plate.
bread sandwich in plate.
the flower pot nearest to the camera.
Upright suitcase closest to bed.
a suitcase nearest the bed.
blue color drawing skating board with a lady.
Skateboard artwork shown upright between a woman's two legs.
A white sofa with a black and white cushion.
a white sofa in the living room.
A zebra eating grass with its head near rocks.
The front headlights of both motorcycles.
The motorcycle second in line.
A closeup picture of a white dog in a book to the right of an orange and white cat.
A toddler sitting in a chair while holding a black hairbrush by a woman leaning next to him.
a baby in blue pants.
The right half of a sanwich.
The right piece of a sandwich.
A vase filled with green and white flowers.
A vase of flowers.
Skier wearing tan pants.
A man in red jacket and brown pants.
A boy in a brown shirt with his arms down wearing glasses.
A man with glasses in a brown shirt.
pizza to the left of two other pizzas.
The pizza on the left hand side of the photo. It is in a long, rectangular pan.
A white and brown private airplane stopped on a runway.
A white plane on the asphalt.
The orange half in focus.
the right half of a sliced lemon.
Woman in jeans and sneakers brushes her hair back.
Woman wearing blue jeans.
A man in a white t-shirt holding a Frisbee.
Man in white shirt playing sports.
A sheep in the middle of two other sheep.
A small sheep standing between two other sheep.
Left blacl chicken.
Left black chicken.
a boy with red hair and a yellow shirt is holding a ball.
the goalie in yellow.
A woman.
Woman in blue shirt on phone.
A poker dot mug with coffee in it on a table.
this is a coffee cup with polka dots on it.
A Bonanza plane.
The huge plane.
The front bumper of a white car.
The bumper of a white car.
electric toothbrush heads.
toothbrush behind other one.
Red device that looks like broken scissors.
the scissors with the red thumb grip showing.
1st pipe on the right in the right hand picture.
The furthest black and silver pipe that is partially sitting on top of the other black and silver pipes.
a man is looking into the camera wearing red coloured t shirt.
A man in a red shirt wearing glasses.
The sofa on which person with dark shirt is seated.
A plant in between cupboards.
The plant with the large leaves next to the bureau.
A person with a floppy hat sitting on a bench under an umbrealla.
Person wearing a bucket hat.
A tennis player in an orange shirt.
man in orange shirt and green wristband standing at tennis net.
Silver bowl with chips in it next to lady in blue shirt.
A couch sitting directly in front of a curtained window.
The couch in front of the window.
man on right.
the man facing away.
the slices of banana around the edge of the plate.
banana slices are around a plate with fruit.
A small boy in a baseball cap helping two men herd sheep.
boy standing near the shed.
The face and paws of the cat near the right edge of the desk.
a giraffe reaching for a cage.
A tall giraffe reaching into a hanging cage.
A man with long hair who is talking on the phone while holding a coffee cup.
A man is talking in cellphone is having a glass in other hand.
A sandwich with a thick slice of meat, some white cheese, and some vegetables.
A sub sandwich on a serving tray.
A man wearing green with something in his hand next to the man that has a bear rapped around his leg.
A man wearing blue sunglasses and a green shirt holding food while looking at a bear.
A clear pink water bottle on the table.
Pink water bottle.
a giraffe looking down.
The giraffe on the right side has his head where you can see all of it.
The tallest giraffe.
A tall adult giraffe.
Floral Three seater couch to the left of the picture.
A sofa with floral print.
A giraffe standing with it's head up.
Giraffe standing near a wooden fence.
A bowl of soup in a white bowl with cashews and a spoon on the side.
The bowl with the red sauce.
An elephant standing with two legs in the circus and standing in between other two elephands.
An elephant in the middle with a rider.
A cup of coffee and croissant on the table.
A table covered in a pink tablecloth, set with coffee and croissant.
A gray compact car parked on the side of the road behind a black compact car.
A silver car parked on the curb.
A brown sheep standing on the grass.
brown longhaired adult sheep.
lady with curly hair in ponyail under umbrella and looking to her left.
A girl walking on the road holding an umbrella and looking towards her left.
The woman with the black gloves.
girl holding up a toilet.
A large rectangular piece of white food that is under another one.
Cheese under other cheese.
the texture in before the pizza plate.
a table covering.
A man wearing blue is riding an elephant.
A man with a blue shirt and white hat.
Stuffed Tiger animal in baby crib.
A black striped stuffed animal tiger sits in the corner of a crib.
The arm of the chair that the man in rainbow shirt is resting his arm on.
A cheese pizza on a white plate.
A pizza on a dish in front of the table beside another dish.
A women tennis judge wear a black outfit with white shoes and a black hat.
A man with a black cap, jacket, pants, and white shoes.
A yellow van is parked in between a green trailer and an SUV.
A yellow van is parked on the side of a street.
The bananas on the plate.
Two yellow bananas in a plate with other fruits.
A young man surfing, but not the tip of the board.
A young man surfing on some rough tides.
The piece of the sandwhich on the left.
One half of a sandwich arrange behind another half of a sandwich.
A brown suitcase sitting beneath another suitcase.
The suitcase on the left that is under the opened one.
The laptop to the left of the other laptops.
A black laptop with cellphones surrounding it.
A girl in a grey shirt brushing her teeth with two other people.
A woman in a grey t shirt brushing her teeth.
A zebra nuzzling another zebra.
A ZEBRA LICKING HIS COLLEGUE ZEBRA.
A green and orange toothbrush.
Tigger toothbrush.
The horse in front of the man with the hat.
A horse pulling a carriage in front of a cowboy in a white hat.
Pieces of carrots under that asparagus and under the flower next to the black raspberries.
An Air India plane parked near a terminal.
The airplane parked at the terminal.
The pizza of pizza in front of all the other pieces.
A slice of pizza on a plate in front of other slices of pizza.
Laptop nearest man in brown shirt.
a chicken burger.
Half of a sandwhich with the inside showing.
A squatting umpire wearing a red and white uniform.
A baseball catcher crouching behind a batter.
the horse facing the camera.
a horse facing the camera.
Skier in sunglasses and grey coat, standing still with poles to ground.
The lone skier shown.
Airplane.
A large white wing of a plane, it's engine, and some men standing on the ground talking.
The cactus patch near the crouching person.
A bunch of cacti in the forefront of the picture.
a woman wearing white sitting on a blue sofa.
A LADY EMBARRASSING AND SITTING BLUE COLOR SOFA WEARING WHITE COLOR SHIRT.
The little girl in red dress.
Little girl with red and white outfit on sitting on her knees.
A girl blowing a candle.
The black BMW with its lights on that is in the middle of the two cars.
A black car with headlights on.
The zebra that is standing alone furtherest from the other animals.
A young zebra on the left side behind the first zebra.
A girl in a blue shirt and jean shorts.
The child in light blue watching the tennis match.
A bicycle not in use.
A black and white bicycle parked.
Snowboard under arm with green stripes.
A car driving behind two girls.
A car driving in the rain that is in the background.
Hand, arm and purple shirt to the back and left of phone.
A white arm and hand with clean nails holding a phone.
the man sitting on the bench towards back side in the right side of the image.
The two boys are sitting facing the wall.
A zebra looking towards the right.
A giraffe looking in the distance.
An analogue clock that reads 3:39.
Black clock with square white face showing 4:20.
Luggage with colorful stripes on a green table.
A striped suitcase.
the guy in the blue and white shirt.
A man in a blue and white shirt.
white color vehicle in the back side.
White truck behind skateboarders.
A man with a beard and green shirt kneeling down.
a baseball pitcher in red.
the pitcher with the number 12 on his jersey.
gray cloth tablecloth over table.
The table that the food is on.
A cup of coffee in a black mug.
A black cup of coffee.
the catcher is holding out his gloved hand.
catcher.
The white plate holding pasta and a sandwich.
The motorcycle that is in the lead.
first motorcycle.
A man in a black jacket holding a hot dog.
A man holding a hotdog.
A large flower shaped serving tray.
The blue and green bowl.
black espresso cup.
A black coffee cup on a black saucer.
A woman geting her hair brushed.
an asian woman with glasses having her hair brushed.
The zebra at the left of another.
Dog playing frisbee.
The photo with all four paws on the ground.
A cat standing sideways under a car.
Mostly black cat on the left.
cat on left eating food.
A plant in a cube-shaped pot.
a green and orange plant on a wooden table.
A table full of plates of bananas.
A large grouping of bananas on tin plates.
A big black train.
A train is in the station waiting for passengers.
A container of fruit.
fruits.
larger part of sandwich.
Piece of sandwich under other piece.
A fork sitting on a pizza near us.
A fork laying in a pizza next to a knife.
Three skis, two tall ones and one shorter one, with snow on them, leaning against a picnic table.
2 tall skiis leaning against the table.
The right side of a large brown horse standing in a field.
Larger of the two, a brown horse staring at the plains.
elephant not on a leash.
elephant on the right side.
A man in a green shirt to the right of another man in a green shirt.
The person on the elephant with its trunk up.
A TOY TEDDY BEAR HOLDING A GIRL BABY TOY.
SOME FIGURES MADE ON ROCK.
the front chair on the right against the wall.
The chair with the blue and white checked seat and the plain brown wood chair behind it.
farthest bench.
A bench overlooking a waterway.
The smallest elephant.
smallest elephant.
The train that is on the other side of the blue train.
The red train behind the blue one.
Red and gray skis sticking out of the snow.
A man's skis planted in the snow next to him.
A man in white jumping between three other men trying to catch a frisbee.
A man in a grey beanie, with a white and red t'shirt on  jumping in the air to catch a Frisbee.
man in white shirt and blue shorts playing tennis.
A tennis player in a white shirt about to hit the ball.
out of focus food that is on the white plate in between the other two white plates.
A blurry plate to the right of the burger.
A wooden flatbed and tire in front of a Jeep.
The truck whell that is in front of the blue car to the right of the horses.
A man in black, grey, and yellow balances a white snowboard on a pink barrel.
A guy snowboarding on a barrel.
Black shirt on girl resting face on arm.
A black shirt being worn.
The couch which is behind the boy wearing black trousers.
couch with 2 brown pillows.
A woman wearing a green sweater.
A person holding a spoon eating a slice of chocolate cake.
Bowl of soup in front of plate with croissant.
theclosest cup.
The computer screen to the farthest right.
An apple computer monitor.
A table with food in the middle of the room with a man sitting at it.
A table with lace tablecloth covered with plates and food.
A project book.
The project book.
A man in a black jacket.
A person standing in the rain in a black hooded jacket and red sneekers holding a leash to a large brown dog.
A giraffe with his backside showing standing next to another giraffe facing forward.
A giraffe standing next to another taller giraffe, but facing away from the camera.
The keyboard on the left.
keyboard of the laptop in the left side of the image.
A green machine with orange ladder and deck.
A green and orange lift.
machine right most side.
A parking meter that is gray and yellow on the right side.
left half of sandwich above yellow print.
A halp of a sandwich on the left side on the plate.
A person wearing a blue jacket.
the blue parka on the person behind the man with the phone.
man with short gray hair wearing a dark shirt with writing on the front and sleeves.
A man wearing a black shirt sitting next to another man.
plastic white chair on porch.
A white, high-back chair sits on a patio in between another, but different style, white plastic chair, and a healthy-looking cat.
A long wooden table covered with different foods.
the whole table with all the foot on it.
blue umbrella.
A blue umbrella held by a young girl.
White phone.
white phone.
A man wearing a white apron facing a table away from the camera.
A man in glasses putting sauce on a pizza.
A girl with pigtails.
A girl with blonde hair wearing white top.
person wearing black shirt sitting behind fence.
A person in black on the bleachers.
black color box near the white drum.
A striped love seat with pillows facing a set of stairs.
light brown couceh with stripes on it next to a sidetable wiht flowers on one side and a sidetable with a lamp on it.
The flower in the middle.
The pink flower that is next to 2 other pink flowers horizontally.
computer in front of man.
an opened laptop computer on the table in front of a guy smiling.
BLUE COLOR CAR RUNNING THE ROAD.
blue car.
a blue and yellow jet fighter plane emitting grey smoke.
plane in the middle.
a child keeping the chacolate.
The child in the blue coat.
The bottom sandwich.
A sandwich below two other sandwiches.
A giraffe who is nursing her baby.
The tallest giraffe.
A woman holding a parasol.
A woman in a blue dress.
A baseball player in a blue jersey swings at a pitch.
A blue and white baseball unfirom with the number 28.
a notepad with a cat on it.
A note pad kept near the laptop and something written on it.
A baseball umpire standing behind home plate.
The home plate umpire.
a lady in a white shirt videoing.
whtie shirt women.
A brown teddy bear sitting with a honey jar in front of it.
teddy bear sitting behind the honey jar.
A long carrot that is slightly curved.
Aeroplane with fan with two metal hand.
the airplane nearest the ceiling.
A plaid umbrella.
the striped umbrella.
A container of sliced apples.
Dish with apple slices.
An older generation Apple iPhone.
BLACK COLOR CELLPHONE  WITH WOODEN TABLE.
A black leather bed with a white sheet and pillows.
A bed in home.
The man on the right with the cap.
man with sailor hat eating.
a man in a mask.
The person in the image with the painted/decorated face.
A man in leather riding a motorcycle.
man with a beard riding a motercycle.
A purple shirt near some food.
Woman wearing a purple shirt.
A MAN IN A BLACK BLUE SHIRT.
an asian man on the right.
The empty table in the back.
A small table near the window.
The back of a black cow with hair poking off of its knee.
The hind quarters of a black cow.
person on left.
a pink colour dressed old lady is sitting aside with another lady.
A woman wearing brown pants and brown jacket sitting next to an Airedale terrier.
The woman between the two men.
The person with a ball.
the person with the ball.
The giraffe facing the camera.
A giraffe that is looking right at the camera.
A man watching a kid play a video game.
a person watching a child play a game.
A white motorcycle behind the brown dog.
Black, white and gray motorcycle with it's kickstand down leaning to the left.
A bottle of Old Vines Foch Wine.
A bottle of wine with a label that reads: Old Vines Foch.
The gentleman wearing the dark colored shirt and khakis that is speaking to the gentleman wearing a tie.
The man in a navy blue polo shirt holding a pen.
An open container with broccoli.
A stainless steel bowl filled with bread and broccoli sitting on a table.
A large red with a red and white striped tail.
A large Austrian Airlines plane.
A man in a white shirt with his hands together.
The man in white.
A man with short hair and side facial hair, wearing all black clothes and shoes, sitting on outdoor chair.
a man in black is sitting on a chair.
A white car.
A white van parked beyond the wire fence.
A man wearing a green shirt.
man.
A plane in the hanger.
White airplane.
a red sedan.
a red car.
a picnic table with a plate of food.
The pizza being cut on a plate.
A laptop with the keyboard covered in clutter including many scraps of paper.
Laptop computer with papers and other items behind a keyboard on a desk.
A wooden table with food on it.
different types of food on the table.
horse to the back right.
A back of a horse and its tail.
The vase on the left of the table is beside the one with flowers in it.
The container to the left of the vase holding flowers.
the rightmost elephant.
medium sized elephant walking on far side of baby elephant.
A man in a black shirt with one prosthetic leg holding a golf club.
A man with one prosthetic leg holding a golf club.
Large elephant standing on the right side of ring.
The elephant most right.
A blue and white hospital bed.
A bed with a man lying on it.
the big brown chair that has nothing on it.
a brown chair with no items on it.
blue coloured train in first Track.
A blue and green train on a track.
WOODEN HANDLED KNIFE.
A knife with wooden handle.
The white purse that is being held by the lady with the brown hair and red shirt.
A white purse hanging from a woman's shoulder.
A motorcycle with dual exhaust pipes resting on a kickstand.
A pristine black Commando motorcycle with polished chrome.
man in black coat.
A MAN EATING BURGER AND POSING A STILL.
A LADY WEARING BLACK COLOR DRESS EATING SOMETHING.
the parson with black t-shirt.
A surfboard being carried by a man who is the closest to the ocean.
surfboard closest to water.
The toothbrush that is blue and white.
A blue color brush is side of other yellow color brush.
A boy in a striped t-shirt adding a candle to a cake.
older brother.
The motorcycle with the license plate showing.
The mostly black puppy.
The smaller black dog.
An elephant with his nose on a lady.
Elephant on the right interacting with a human with its trunk.
A property tax assessment appeal handbook on the bed with a dog and other documents.
The paper titled A Handbook on Property Tax Assessment Appeals.
a light colored chaise lounge.
A chaise lounge with a green throw pillow.
A green and brown truck in front of a red one and behind a green.
A truck with a yellow cab and green back.
a fork in front of a bowl of soup.
A shiny silver fork with reflection in it.
A small white bowl full of strawberries.
The bowl of fresh strawberries at the top of the screen.
A man I need skateboard with black shorts and a black T-shirt on.
a man on a skateboard.
The pizza with the leafy green topping that the person is touching.
A pizza without seafood that being picked at by someone.
Round pizza.
A vegetarian pie is all that we need in middle age.
The train that is to the left of all the trains.
an apple oon the right beside the banana.
Part of a red pear without the stem visible.
A clock showing the time 4:16.
A fully visible clock face.
Coffee cup with floral design.
The white cup with the bamboo painted on it.
A large pizza sits on the table.
A pizza almost half eaten.
The leftmost orange in the middle of a white plate with 3 other oranges, an apple, and a muffin setting on top of the fruit.
The binder directly to the lower right of the clock.
The motorcycle with the rider in the black and white jacket.
A batter.
A young boy swinging a baseball bat.
The spine of a black book with the words RHEINGOLD SMART MOBS on it.
A black book with a large white label.
lunch.
ketchup bottle with beer and a sandwhich.
Black motorcycle with white writing on the windshield.
The motorcycle without blue tint and with a protective windshield.
A grey sheep in front of the sole one and farther to the dog.
A very large older sheep with hanging wool on his neck.
The taller of the two giraffes.
Tallest giraffe.
A chair behind a woman drinking wine.
A brown chair behind a woman who is drinking wine.
The white pizza with brown sauce to the right of the other similar pizza.
pizza in front in the right hand picture.
skis that man in red is wearing.
The lady in the kimono on the right.
A japanee wearing kimono of green color.
A black motorcycle resting on a kickstand.
A black motorcycle with its kickstand down.
A brown couch with no pillows on it.
The large brown sofa.
The couch cushions in the back left.
The two chair cushions that are on the left.
foremost elephant trunk.
elephant trunk near ground.
An elephant with its trunk dangling over a barricade.
train with green t on it.
A vase with purple flowers next to a skinny vase with one red rose.
A bouqet of purple flowers sits in a vase on a table.
The front of a red tour bus.
A red double decker bus going to the Hospital.
a man in a black shirt holding a wine glass.
A person with glasses laughing and drinking a glass of wine.
A young child wearing shorts and a tie-dyed shirt with Shamu on it.
the little kid with the whale t-shirt.
The chair at the table has its back facing the coffee table.
A chair facing the window to the right of another chair.
A female surfer with a purple bikini bottom.
a woman with dark hair, a black top, purple bottoms, surfing on a blue and white board.
A dark skinned man in a green shirt looking at a laptop.
A man with a green tee shirt looking at a computer.
A person doing a trick on a skateboard.
woman on skateboard concentrating on trick.
The zebra on the left.
Zebra with right foot in front.
elephant front right.
Elephant that is leading baby.
the woman in the green sweater vest and red turtleneck.
A woman wearing a baseball cap.
the large green couch facing the window.
A green couch with pillows on it near a coffee table, across the room from two loveseats.
The book called Embroidery Stitches is good.
White and blue book that reads: Embroidery Stitches.
A MOTHER HOLDING HIS EATING SON.
a woman holding a child who is eating.
A green and white stripped couch in a living room.
Love seat on the Left of the room.
An adult giraffe standing next to two smaller giraffes.
The tallest giraffe.
a woman holding a piece of pizza in her hand.
A lady holding a piece of pizza and posing to the photograph.
A sink rests next to a toilet in a bathroom.
sink.
An unpeeled orange sat behind a peeled orange.
a Orange on a table.
Stripped smaller couch on the right.
A brown and tan love seat couch with a brown pillow.
A canopy bed made up neatly.
A large bed is in the center if the room.
The man with the hat, the red shirt, and bluejeans who riding high on the bicycle.
Guy in red plaid shirt on a bicycle.
Large pizza sitting on stand on the left side of the table.
Pizza with green vegetables.
the stoplight in the right hand picture.
The entire pedestrian light.
The oven behind the cats with a red color towel hanging on it.
The oven.
Park bench the man is sitting on.
A turkey close to us.
Two turkeys near a tree.
a man in brown pants.
A skier with an olive green backpack on.
A mess of receipts and other important-looking papers.
A dining table with lots of papers on it.
The pizza still on the tray.
Pitza that is on the plate.
A man with long sideburns wearing a hat and jacket smiling.
Man with hat on.
Man in tan shirt looking at elephant.
A man with camo shorts and tan top standing.
the tool jacket wearing by the man.
the black vest the man by the sign is wearing.
A mug of beer sitting on a coaster.
A glass mug half full of beer sitting on a metal table.
A Plane in the forefront with a red leaf on the tall.
Air Canada plane between two poles.
OLD TATHERED RED COLORED SUITCASE.
A package of red silk sheets in the rummage.
A man wearing red T-shirt.
A man in jeans and a red jacket holding a Wii controller.
A BLACK AND BROWN COLOR CAT WITH FULLY BLACK COLOR CAT.
A brown and black cat and a black cat sitting on a brown couch.
two girafees on the left hand corner next to other girafees in tall grass.
The giraffe on the left.
A GRAY PURDUE SHIRT.
A gray t-shirt with PURDUE in bold letters.
a blue double decker buss.
A blue double-decker bus.
Skateboarder who is in the air.
A man doing a skateboard trick.
A man is doing a skateboard trick.
A person with a blue cap hanging on a fencing.
a guy trying to snowboard.
A man fully clothed in snow clothes, smiling and standing on a snowboard.
the table under the cake.
grey granite kitchen counter top directly over wooden cabinets.
The chair to the left of the woman.
Tan chair near woman.
A large animal with long ears in an enclosure that people are looking at.
White animal fenced in.
A baseball player for the Los Angeles Dodgers tagging out an opposing player.
LA Dodgers baseball player catching the ball.
A pile of red apples.
Several red and green apples for sale at a market.
a grey blue suv behind a man in a brown shirt.
A blue and silver van towing a green trailer.
man in baseball uniform with dark shoes.
A baseball player looking to his right while running.
Teddy bear that you can see both eyes.
a bear with a button on its chest.
A brown couch in front of a brown desk.
The couch with it's back against a desk.
A table with two open laptops on it.
The blue topped table.
A woman serves healthy food.
woman wearing  white t shirt and frock wearing glasses is selling flowers and fruits is in the image.
the blue collander bowl.
BLUE COLLENDER WITH FLOWER IN IT.
The back of a step stool laddet.
cat door behind cat.
Someone cutting a chocolate and yellow cake with candies on tops in front of someone holding a piece of cake on a plate.
pair of hands holding a fork and knife cutting a cake.
A sheep "saying hello" in the traditional animal way (head in rear end of other sheep).
The remaining pie to the right of the cheese board.
A brown and pink opened piece of luggage.
The green glass bottle is next to the glass filled cup.
A green bottle labeled Peroni.
A wicker chair behind a toy with wheels.
A wicker chair with a teddy bear on it.
a man taking a photo with his cell phone.
A man taking a photo of a framed photograph with his cell phone.
The right half of a chicken sandwich.
This is the right half of a chicken sandwich.
A white mountain goat laying in front of a darker mountain goat.
A white sheep laying on the ground furtherest from the tree.
woman in teal sweater and white blouse.
A white small bowl of white rice.
Rice bowl.
A magazine or pamphlet sitting on a kitchen table next to 2 children.
a book is placed on the table near a laptop.
A woman in a purple sweater standing under a red umbrella.
A woman in a red shirt.
Man sitting on something has on a blue shirt whit white hair and glasses.
A man with gray hair wearing a short sleeve shirt.
red jacket on back of chair next to food tray.
The bear that's walking, that the man isn't touching.
The bear next to the tree trunk.
A person wearing a black coat who's head is not visible.
Person in the background sitting down wearing a long dark coat.
a pizza in the plate.
cheesy pizza sitting on table.
a car with briefcases in the boot.
the open trunk of a blue station waggon with four suitcases, one blue, one red and two black cases in between.
A man with a blue and green jacket riding a back.
A man in a green and blue jacket riding a bike.
A white cockatoo is scratching its head.
The bird with its head turned to the side.
A buffalo which is standing at left side of the buffalo which is eating grass.
The cow in the farther shed whose only belly is seen.
A Large British Airways Jet next to water.
British Airways airplane sitting by a smaller gray plane.
white surfboard.
a white surfboard.
The train station.
black train car to the left of white train.
A giraffe, shorter than the giraffe behind it.
a young giraffe standing in front of a taller giraffe.
A couple on a cruiser riding behind a guy on a sportbike.
Two people riding one motorcycle behind one person on another motorcycle.
A chair with a person sitting in it.
A chair that a woman is sitting on.
A person in a red jacket under a blue umbrella squatting down.
A person in a red coat and holding a blue umbrella that is crouching.
A standard laptop with an image of blue and green spheres.
full sized laptop on table.
A baseball player in a blue & white uniform holding the ball bat.
A man in a baseball uniform holding a bat up ready to hit.
A sign written in a foreign language.
A white banner with a red logo.
Back bicycle.
the white bike.
A blue transport truck with a white stripe down the middle.
A blue container lorry on the road.
a blank computer screen.
A monitor with a completely blank white screen.
A man in a white shirt.
A man wearing a white shirt and black pants.
Small sheep with dark face and legs leaning forward.
Black and white lamb grazing on green grass.
A man sitting on a curb wearing a red shirt.
a man in red.
brown wooden chair legs behind stuffed husky dog.
The chair on the far right of the group of chairs.
An elephant at the front of the line.
a elephant standing next to a man wearing blue.
person wearing black next to child.
the person on the very left of the child with the blue shirt.
A bed near the corner of the room.
The bed nearest the wall.
A white sofa with people on it.
A white seat back.
A man in a white shirt standing to the right of the picnic table.
man standing wearing white t-shirt.
A bike, with a red helmet, on it parked at a blue bench.
A tan horse with orange wrap on its feet with a white spot on it's head.
The lighter colored horse on the left.
A person wearing a blue shirt.
woman in blue shirt.
Controller with wrist strap.
a wii controller.
A guy with a grey T-shirt looks on.
A man in a grey shirt stands between two of his friends with his hands on his hips.
the chair on the left of the fruit.
A chair near to the table full of vegetables.
A boy in jeans and green tee shirt performing a jump on a skate board.
A Guy was doing scatting.
table.
The black laptop that is on the table.
LAPTOP WITH KEYBOARD.
woman and child sitting.
A woman in a white hat.
a construction worker wearing a hard hat and safety vest touching a fire hydrant.
A construction worker wearing a white hat and yellow vest, holding onto a black fire hydrant.
A large pizza with mushroom and chicken toppings.
Box of chicken pizza with mushrooms.
A bowl of food.
A microwave meal.
First laptop on the left.
A laptop that is on top of a pillow and most of its keyboard is exposed compared to the other laptop on the pillow.
The man in the black sweatshirt.
boy wearing black coat and necklace with short hair.
The player in the purple shirt.
The man in the purple shirt holding a tennis racket.
A black office chair with a coat hanging on it.
computer chair.
An infant giraffe standing on hard ground, below an adult giraffe.
a baby giraffe next to a big giraffe.
A pizza with greens on top.
A freshly cooked pizza with greens and tomatoes rests on a table.
A blue sink.
A blue sink stocked with single-use hotel toiletries across from a color-matched shelf and toilet.
A zebra in the third position from the camera.
BROWN SOFA IN THE HALL.
A light brown couch in front of the girl who is playing video games.
A man with a green sweater and gray pants with his hand resting on the bench's armrest.
A man without a hat, who is sitting on the bench.
A GIRL DALL STANDING POSITION AND WOHLDING THE WALL CLOCK.
the doll with a man behind her.
A woman stands in front of a counter.
A woman with a backpack in front of the bananas.
a white car.
A white car in the street.
The left parasol, mostly purple with some blue and a splash of yellow.
the standed umbrella is in the beach.
parent giraffe.
A large giraffe rubbing its head to another giraffe.
the tray and glasses.
The tray with the drinks.
THE SCATTING BOARD WITH BLACK BAG OVER IT.
A pair of light blue eyes upside down on the snow with a black and teal backpack sitting on top.
A man in blue.
The man in blue.
A person snowboarding.
snowboarder.
A woman in red pants sitting at a restaurant table.
woman sitting in front empty plate.
A black hair girl standing with a boy watching a man riding a bike.
The back of a woman in a red dress.
A women getting ready to snowboard.
The woman standing with the long red hair.
woman putting on glove.
A person in white pants with his hand on his leg that is standing behind a tennis player.
a man in a black and white suit standing behind a tennis player.
A man skating on the bay.
Roller blader on rail.
A kid in blue shirt looking towards the camera.
The boy in the blue t-shirt is mugging for the camera.
cat with yellow eyes.
calico cat watching bird.
A nun eating pizza.
A nun dressed in white garments enjoying cheese pizza with two others.
A young man with a tie adorned with many skull-and-crossbones, drinking water from a bottle.
A person in a black and white shirt, with a skull tie and aviators taking a drink of water.
Dark colored car in traffic.
The back half of a black car in front of a white SUV and two buses.
man with glasses sleeping.
A sleeping blonde person on a couch with eyeglasses next to someone holding up the middle finger, in front of the tv.
The woman between the two men.
A woman with red hair and a black t-shirt.
A person wearing a hat and a pink shirt.
Asain man with large hat tending fruit.
A woman kneeling in the upper right corner.
A woman in white sits in front of a tv.
The biggest giraffe.
Giraffe whose tail can be seen.
The boy with green t- shirt.
A young boy wearing a green t-shirt pointing.
kite that is up in the air.
Purple, blue, red stingray kite flying high in the sky.
Half of a whole pizza.
Half a pizza pie with cheese sauce and sausage.
The man who is pointing.
A man in a red shirt and blue jeans pointing.
A large, grey elephant with big tusks marching in at the beginning of a line through a field.
An elephant facing left is leading a herd of other elephants.
A sandwich on toast.
half a sandwich on a plate in a woman's grasp.
An umbrella that is closest to the door.
umbrella in red left of where it says "restaurant".
smaller half sandwich.
sandwich top right corner.
Wall behind refridgerator in back.
Elephant with a man on top.
A large elephant.
an orange with a leaf in white bowl.
The fruit in the white bowl.
A woman in red standing at the side of the photo.
A lady standing and watching her daughter playing video games.
The closest horse.
THE CLOSEST HORSE.
The back of a white laptop that is being used by two boys in red shirts.
A laptop that two boys in red are looking at.
There are a few carrots in a white bowl.
The small white bowl with baby carrots in it.
The guy in red shirt and ready for skiing.
The man in red and yellow.
A lump underneath a bedsheet.
Something wrapped with a blanket.
the back and a parked blue car.
The rear of a blue car on a city street.
A blurry baseball glove, underneath a baseball cap.
a dark object underneath the baseball hat on the right.
man.
A young man with a blue colored dress shirt.
Large silver airplane in the background.
aeroplane in hangar.
The elephant with the person in all white.
An elephant that wearing red and is to the right of another elephant.
A blurry womans hand reaching for a donut.
the hand in the right with a ring in the finger.
White table that kids are using to eat.
A large table near people in a room.
the small screen next to the big screen.
The smaller crt monitor.
A bouquet of white, red, and black flowers.
a cake with red, white and black flowers.
beer glass on right.
The AA tail in the center and farthest back.
A women talking on phone.
The girl with the phone is smiling bright for the camera.
A blue and yellow umbrella that has soda bottles under it.
a blue and yellow umbrella on the right.
A curved sofa set with blue covering and white cushion covers.
A long, blue couch with pillows.
Man holding racquet with white handle.
A short haired man holds a black and yellow racket.
A man skiing with an Olympic  bib labeling him as 13.
the 13 number player.
A little girl in white eating something.
The child in magenta socks to the left of the woman.
A girl in glasses.
POLICE WOMAN.
The athlete on the left.
The man to the left of an identical man.
A blue and yellow patterned bag on top of a suit case.
A patterned bag with blue and black colors atop a rolling suitcase.
cartoon boy in bed.
Baby which was lying down on bed.
the walk sign on madison st.
a walk trafic signal.
Plaid chair next to wall with a pillow next to it and something draped over it.
Plaid chair with matching pillow on the floor beside it.
The chair behind the man in white.
edge of the brown couch by person in white shirt and black pants.
88 skier.
A person skiing wearing a blue vest that has the number 88.
The two black books on top of the laptop.
A black book tied shut.
a green light.
a large street light located above a row of three lights.
An empty red seat.
empty train chair.
Middle cow, one with head up.
A spotted cow standing in the middle of two other cows.
two stacked microwaves.
A red microwave ontop of a black microwave.
The arm of a person's blue jacket.
A couch with no arms and a blue cushion, next to a green chair with black legs.
The benchseat couch that sits next to the yellow chair. It's the one closest to the doorway.
The white horse.
The horse that the man is trying to control.
cake with slice taken out.
A cake with a slice cut out of it.
Standing giraffe in the background.
A giraffe standing up behind the tree.
A black cow alongside a brown cow.
A black cow standing between another black cow and a brown cow.
the rear end of the last horse at a race.
Horse at the back of the line.
A black vase with a picture of someone looking in a mirror.
A pot kept on the glass shelf, having a standing lady drawing on it.
A police motorcycle being dricen.
A police two wheeler being driven by a policeman.
A wooden toilet to the left of another wooden toilet.
the commode on the left.
A purple couch with a cat on it.
violet color couch in the image.
A brown dog looking at another dog.
The backside of the head of a light brown dog wearing an orange color and a green tag.
A person holding a coke can on the left hand.
The person holding the diet coke.
A man spinning a soccer ball on his finger.
A man in black soinning a ball.
A man cutting an apple.
guy opening something.
book the bear is holding in largest square section.
A book that a teddy bear is holding in the bigger picture in this series.
a brown cow standing on grass, looking directly at the camera.
The dark brown cow looking at the camera.
A TABLE BETWEEN A MAN AND A WOMAN.
A neighboring table with 2 patrons talking.
Man in the background standing up.
The person standing on TV, to the far left .
Woman is looking at herself in the mirror while laying on the bed.
Woman laying on the bed.
The back of an older woman with her hair in a barrette with a blue jacket on.
A WOMAN IS WEARING BLUE SWEATER.
The giraffe whose head is not visible.
Body of a giraffe stading to the upper right of the group against the fence.
Slices of bread.
Two huge roast beef sandwiches.
A pizza with tomatoes, mozzarella, and whole basil leaves.
A man looking at a pizza.
A man looking at a pizza.
a bald head of a man.
a bald head.
Happy to see the Fruit cake at the dining table.
an asian woman sitting at a table.
The motorcycle with the blue wheel trimming on the back.
The back tire and light blue rim of the motorcycle to the right of the red one.
A brown sofa on the living room.
The arm of a brown couch.
The closest giraffe.
A group of giraffes near a tree.
very fuzzy stuffed dog with a black nose and long floppy ears.
a fuzzy, beige teddy bear.
The blue and yellow train.
a blue train with a yellow facing.
the man on the sofa.
A cat sits with a man and lady while they all relax on the couch and watch tv.
woman holding onto surfboard.
A young woman holding a surfing board.
A CUP OF COFFEE.
white cup of coffee.
a blue cuchine.
cat bed.
Butter knife touching glass of orange juice.
A butter knife touching a glass of yellow juice.
A blue bench with bags and piece of clothing on it.
TRAIN SEAT WITH A BLACK BAG ON IT.
A tan pillow on which a cat is resting it's head.
A grey pillow with a cat lying against it.
A bowl of caesar salad with chicken.
Salad in white bowl.
A person wearing black boots standing next to a dog.
A black laptop that a woman is typing on.
A laptop in which a person with painted finger nails is typing.
A tan recliner with a person reading a newspaper.
BEIGE SOFA WITH A NEWSPAPER ON IT.
The small red bear.
red stuffed animal.
Football player with white jersey standing in the background.
A blonde woman leading a horse.
A lady in navy blue dresses holding a horse.
Female tennis player in white, center of picture.
a woman in white playing tennis.
A rainbow colored umbrella seen in front of a purple green and blue umbrella.
COLORED AND CHECKED UMBRELLA WITH THREE MORE.
It is a plate of spaghetti.
white plate with food.
A GIRL RUNNING THE GRASS AND HOLDING THE STIKE.
A teenage girl dressed in black holding reins behind a goat.
A baby sitting in a highchair with a homemade blue and gray towel cover about to eat his first birthday cake.
A BABY SITTING THE CHAIR  STRAIGHT POSITION IN THE CAKE.
small glass of water.
A glass full of alcohol in between to big wine glasses full of wine on a wooden table.
couch behind nerd.
A little boy sitting in a highchair wearing a blue hooded sweatshirt and eating pizza.
Little baby sitting in a high chair.
An elephant without tusks.
elephant in the left side.
a white colour shirt.
child on left.
A piece of pastry with white frosting on top.
A bagel with cream cheese on it.
All of the broccoli on the left side of the plate.
the broccoli surrounding the chicken on the left side in the right hand picture.
The cut apples to the furthest left under the cabbage.
horse farthest away.
The horse that the man in the light blue hood is riding.
baby crying while holding umbrella.
A crying child under an umbrella.
Brown chair under the table in the dining area.
The Chair Closest to the refrigerator.
A plaid seat behind a woman.
the booth behind the woman in the pink shirt.
zippered side to the bottom right of the bag.
Suitcase holding luggage.
a bright red truck.
a red truck with knobby tires.
brown hair.
The back of an adult's head who is playing with a child and some birds.
A fighter plane that is just landing which is before another plane.
the black fighter jet.
the only tipped chair.
A chair leaned against a table.
A ELEPHANT EATING GRASS WITH HIS KID.
A mother elephant.
The catcher squating down.
The catcher.
The little boy standing with a helmet.
A boy in red shorts.
This is part of a bird wing.
The top most left wing.
a beige teddy bear looking at a brown teddy bear.
A light tan teddy bear.
The vase of flowers sitting on the table.
the flower fixture on the left.
The man on the left.
A amn wearing a red shirt and black short with his mouth open.
A little boy putting finger into the mouth.
A boy licking his fingers.
The mouse nearest the large black object.
the right most mouse.
the horse that is facing straight ahead and only his front two legs are visible.
A white horse on the left.
A white pickup truck behind the fence.
A GIRAFEE DRINKING WATER ON THE WATER BOWL WITH HIS COLLEAGUE ON THE EXTREME RIGHT.
A giraffe standing up in his stable looking down at a baby giraffe.
A bald man with a towel draped over his shoulder.
The man in the background with a towel on his shoulder.
A cream couch is being sat on by a woman with a laptop.
A knee that is wearing a blue pair of pants.
Jean knee that is up front.
A book on top of another book.
Book on a night stand next to an orange beanie baby teddy bear, scented candle and alarm clock.
A man wearing a grey suit taking up most of the image.
a man  was sitting on bancha.
A women with blonde hair in a blue outfit.
a woman wearing blue scrubs.
A man in a suit and hat riding horseback.
The man in a suit riding the horse with it's left leg up.
The dog on the right.
A golden retriever laying eyes closed on a couch with its head on the seat of the couch.
horse closest to the camera.
The horse to the right of the other two horses.
A chair with patterns on it.
Brown and tan arm chair beside a table and window in a hotel room.
a half eaten pizza.
A pan pizza.
An older man in a collared shirt holding a game controller.
An old man in a collared shirt playing the Wii.
the giraffe looking away.
A giraffe facing away toward the trees.
black folder.
The black object to the left of the black brief case.
The man who is holding a glass and wearing a red tie.
A man in a white shirt and red tie.
A man wearing a hat and glasses, looking at a cell phone screen.
A man and women smiling and looking at a cellphone.
a silver bowl with strawberries in it.
A metal gravy boat full of fruit.
computer screen at an angle.
A computer monitor nearest some curtains.
The bowl of green curry.
A bowl of soup between another bowl of soup and a salad.
A moped parked in between a bench and a tree.
Motor scooter parked by tree.
A blue Purse next to other purse and suit ties.
A blue bag with pink trim under a black case.
This is a boy wearing white pants and holding a baseball bat.
a kid hitting a baseball with his bat.
Woman smiling with umbrella to the right.
A girl on the right singing with umbrella.
Plants sitting in the window.
A climbing leafy plant in a white pot.
woman sitting at bar.
A woman in a hat sitting on a stool.
A brown bag carried by the girl in the brown and black jacket.
A brown paper bag.
person in short sleeves and jeans.
A person with a gray shirt on standing at the produce stand near the bananas.
A smiling woman wearing a purple sweater.
A woman sitting on a bench in a purple shirt.
The skier in black and white.
man with blue helmet.
The white bowl on the back left of the table.
BOWL TOP LEFT CORNER.
A tall giraffe looking down on two other giraffes.
the giraffe with its head held the highest.
A man in a maroon t shirt.
A man in a red shirt playing video games.
a man is standing behind the eldest one.
A person wearing brown jacket and cream color pant.
Kid with the bananas.
A young boy touching two green bananas and looking at a laptop screen.
A simple wooden chair tucked into a privacy cubicle.
A empty chair at a workstation.
a boy to the right of another guy smiling on a laptop.
Male on right side, with shaved head.
A potted plant sitting to the left of a bench.
planter that is not on the side of the wrist with the watch.
chair with a towel and t-shirt on it.
White mug filled with coffee and cream.
The cup with light coffee in it.
A table over which a child leans reading a book.
the table in use by the boy standing.
A motorbike next to a cow.
The rim of the front most basket to the right of another basket.
the top of the basket in the bottom right.
An old man with a bag in hand sat with the other old mans.
A woman in a collared shirt.
First refrigerator on the left, with closed doors.
stainless steel fridge behind woman in dress.
A woman taking a picture on her phone.
A woman who is taking a picture with her smartphone camera.
Baby Zebra walking around with another zebra.
The baby zebra.
A red suitcase.
The red suitcase that the little boy is holding on to.
orange fruits in bowl.
The table in front of a man with a beard.
The taller giraffe.
a tall giraffe eating out of a metal basket.
Woman holding drink looking at ground.
A LADY HOLDING A GLASS.
A horse jockey with the number 2 on him.
The jockey with the number 2 on his right shoulder.
man throwing object.
man throwing plane.
A pizza with yellow and pink colored stuff sprayed on it.
The small pizza with ham and pineapple.
the woman in the dark shirt nearest to the camera.
A woman in Black playing Wii.
The bowls in the uper left corner.
Man with a black shirt on.
man in a dark jacket with his legs crossed.
Man on bench looking to his left.
A horse holding an overweight police officer.
A black chair.
a rolling black colour chair for using Lap top and computer.
AN ADULT ZEBRA STANDING IN THE BACKGROUND.
zebra in back.
Two slices of pizza closest to the wineglass.
the bike of the girl in front wearing white t-shirt.
The bicycle with the basket the woman's riding on.
the silverware under the pizza.
The chair that's closest to the barrel.
A chair which women sitting with white shorts.
A closed book on top of an open book.
Book with decorated corners sitting on an open book.
Black sheep on the right, behind a white sheep.
the black goat directly behind the white goat.
Rectangular decorated cake.
WHITE AND GREEN COLOR CAKE.
A bush to the left and in front of a green sign.
A yellowish green bush next to a moulin hotel sign.
The two sandwiches prepared and stored in clear plastic bags.
A pizza, without a serving utensil.
A pizza in the plate without cutter or fork.
Man in red tie.
a man with his tongue sticking out, wearing a nice jacket, tie, and hat.
A giraffe reaching down.
Giraffe bending over to the side.
a white goat with no markings on the left sid eof the picture.
The white goat on the left.
Man with a blue beanie skiing with his wife.
A man wearing a blue hat.
A blurry baseball player walking in front of two boys.
player with hand on forehead.
A tall horse with a black tail.
the adult horse on the right.
the food item under another.
A pita pocket sitting underneath another pita pocket.
A young boy with a baseball bat.
a boy in a baseball uniform with his hand up to his head.
A gray umbrella being held by a woman.
the gray umbrella.
face of clock reading 8:53.
A large outdoor decorative clock showing 7:53.
A baby giraffe.
A small giraffe in a cage, standing next to the leg of a larger giraffe.
a delapidated green bench with three people sitting on it, one on a phone, two sitting the other way...along with a brown tan bag sitting in the open.
A doublesided bench with people sitting on it.
A motorbike occupied by two men dressed like teddy bear.
Motorcyle under humans with costumes.
the girl with red eye.
A smiling person in a black shirt.
CROSS OF THE SILVER CAR AND TWO UMBRELLA STANDING.
A silver van going down the street.
A guy talking on the phone.
A man with a white button up talking onthe phone.
A woman on water skis.
A woman waterskiing on the lake.
Black love seat in a living room.
The black couch on the right.
in indian man posing on a fruit stand.
The man in the green shirt.
A bed with a plaid blanket closest to the white door.
A bed with a black metal frame, a green comforter, and plaid sheets.
A HORSE RUNNING IN MIDDLE OF OTHER TWO TRIYING TO GET FIRST.
A horse racing with its blue jockey.
Girl in red.
A GIRL IS SITTING WEARING A RED T SHIRT.
A man carrying a surfboard while riding his bike.
a man riding a bike with a blue surfboard.
Something in a white paper cup on a plate of food.
A muffin on a white plate next to a slice of cheese.
A woman in a white uniform kicking a ball.
A girl in a white soccer uniform with the number 7 on the front.
A balding man with glasses and wearing a gray jacket.
A wearing spectacles standing back of two wheeler vehicle.
a wooden train car on tracks.
Train with a wooden car.
The motorcycle in the foreground with its headlight on.
A motorcycle with its headlight on stands idling.
It is a picture of two men stretching there arms out to catch a frisbee.
A man in blue catching a frisbee.
bench inwhich a man is sleeping.
The bench that a man is sleeping on.
A man with a soccer uniform on playing soccer.
The player kicking at the ball.
A movile phone with the digital time of 5:20.
Black I-phone.
A man that is cut of and not really in frame.
A man behind the  black tee man.
the big giraffe in the distance.
A mature giraffe.
Bench that is under the blue and white umbrella.
a bench with a back support.
man sitting on other side of glass window wearing a white button up shirt.
The man on the left who is wearing a white shirt and is cut off.
A bald man in black.
bald man in black suit.
A boy wearing a grey shirt.
A man playing the wii with a woman in the living room.
A man with headphones on his ears at a DJ booth.
MAN ON RIGHT WITH HAT.
A dog with a coat on laying in the snow.
A dog wearing a coat standing in the snow.
A person in a white and blue shirt blurry in the background.
A blurry blue shirt.
Horse carrying the little girl.
A black horse is being petted by a woman wearing a yellow shirt.
The man without a shirt, red shorts, dark hair, and is standing up with his hands spread out.
A surfer in orange trucks and no shirt riding a surfboard.
A black train behind a man.
A cargo car on a train is sitting on the snowy tracks.
The tugboat to the right of the ship.
A steamboat sitting near the dock.
A cow lays its head in hay next to another cow.
a baby cow with his face buried in the hay.
A Cat Sit on the Bed above the Blue Cloth.
A blue and white bedspread underneath a white cat.
The brown hair of a girl holding a light colored umbrella.
woman under white and blue umbrella left side.
A man wearing grey colored helmet posing in snow with two other persons.
Skiier in black ski clothing in the middle of the group.
A woman somewhat crouched over, wearing grey.
The skier in front of the other skier.
a bot tree.
flowers and vase on table.
The woman holding the dog.
A woman in a white shirt.
a black hand bag.
The black purse of the woman with the pink phone.
Person with the red sleeves.
A skier with red on his black snowsuit standing next to a sign that says Caution Cliffs.
A person snowboarding down a rail.
The snowboarder on the pipe wearing green snowpants.
The brown couch that is facing the fireplace.
Smaller couch.
The Horse to the left of the other one.
A women wearing black colored skiing suit.
A man dressed in all black is sitting on the snow with his goggles on.
A man with a gray shirt holding a Wii remote.
A guy with long hair playing Wii.
The chair closest to the tennis player.
An empty blue chair to the left of another empty blue chair.
A white bathtub.
A bathtub.
orange mess slop.
The coww with a small white spot on his head.
calf with a mostly brown head.
The arm and shoulder of a person wearing a blue shirt next to a woman who is preparing a tomato to be cooked.
A person in a blue shirt.
A barge on the ocean.
large commercial ship in the background.
a red coffee mug.
A red mug that is behind a green mug and next to a plate.
a zebra on the left crazing from a trough.
A female child eating cupcakes and getting the icing on her face.
a baby girl is sitting and looking to the camenra.
the person holding the child.
A woman holding a child wearing pink snow skis.
A man in a grey jersey kicking a soccer ball.
Man wearing gray shirt and yellow shoes kicking a soccer ball.
Woman standing on surfboard behind a child.
Woman standing behind little girl.
a woman in a white top with shoulder length hair.
the girl looking away second from the left.
A white surfboard with drawings and markings on it.
white drawn-on surfboard next to a small dog.
The chair with the black back and gray cushion.
The black chair that the cat's feet are on.
an yellow bus is ion the  road among another vehicles.
Yellow school bus in the center of the picture.
An orange fruit.
The orange on the left.
airplane below another airplane up in the air.
the plane with two front propeller blades pointing up.
A white bucket full of glasses.
the white bowl with glasses in in on the bottom right of the photo.
man in green jacket sitting on a bench with his dog.
The man in the gren coat sitting on the bench.
A blue suitcase.
A blue suitcase by a train.
A young girl in a white shirt playing Wii with another little girl.
a young girl with white shirt.
Red Sox player with both arms crossed in front of him and a bat pointing away from his body.
The player to the right of another player.
Dog sitting on a park bench.
SITTING THE WHITE COLOR COLOR IN WOODEN CHAIR.
the dark brown dog with the blue leash.
The brown dog sitting next to the yellow dog.
The animal that is laying down.
A black lamb lying in the grass near another black lamb standing.
the table the laptop is on.
table.
A pair of green-handled scissors.
a pair of green scissors in a mesh tin.
A black asus computer moniter in between two vaio speakers.
The computer monitor that is not turned on.
Woman in a green tennis skirt.
A female tennis player.
A bear whose face is toward the camera.
The baby bear stops to look back.
The woman holding a child.
The woman pointing and holding the baby.
a cellphone with a pink case is on a table.
An empty wine glass near the paper cup.
The clear glass cup next to the short white cup.
A woman in a red jacket pointing at a donut.
The woman in the red sweatshirt.
A baseball player in white dress standing after hitting the ball with bat.
the batter.
a table with three people sitting at it.
the table in front of the people.
farthest orange.
the farthest away orange in a pot.
The man saulting the other.
A man with brown pants.
The bird is perched on a leaf.
A man in green shorts attempting to hit the tennis ball.
A tennis player in green and white dress is swing his bat to hit the ball.
the wooden chair beside the lamp.
the chair behind the plant.
a baseball hitter with a white jersey.
A base ball batsmen hits the ball and breaks his bat.
The silver cup with the salsa in it.
Red dipping sauce.
The hands. Of a woman holding a puppy.
Hands placed on lap with a silver ring on the right hand.
a girafee which is shorter than other.
a giraffe  looking at the camera.
The man in the telephone booth.
Man talking in phone booth.
Broccoli stalk on right side not  touching sweet potato.
the sofa in front of window.
A woman wearing an orange hijab.
woman in orange garb.
The left side of the bench.
The benches to the left of the tree.
A boat is sailing.
A wooden sailboat in the ocean.
A guy holding a girl in the chari.
A young man sits on a bench with his arm around a smiling girl.
A black chair with a floral patterned pillow on it in front of a white table and TV.
A dark armchair with a high back that has a black and white pillow on it.
The brown and black chair.
Dark leather chair.
A woman with a cellphone in her hand.
the woman looking at her phone.
A gray pickup truck.
light gray picup truck next to train.
player no 7.
A BIKE RIDER PLAYING WITH HIS BIKE.
the man on a bike.
A bottle of wine between two others.
top left bottle of wine.
a man in flannel smiles.
The man with a backpack.
maplayer number 16.
The player who is swinging his baseball bat.
the white mouse.
A white mouse attached to a white keyboard.
A giraffe is standing in an enclosure to the left of another giraffe.
The giraffe on the left.
A man on skis wearing a black jacket and black pants.
short man with black coat and pants wearing sunglasses.
A women petting a horse.
A woman in a green dress suit.
The zebra by itself facing the opposite direction of the other two.
A zebra grazing apart from the other two zebra.
A man in a white shirt leaning forward.
An unfocused man playing the game of tennis.
a recliner on which a man in white shorts is sitting.
the chair that the man is sitting in.
GREEN COLOR PANT WEARING SKIIER READY TO SKIING.
the kid with yellow pants.
a lady with black long hair in a yellow shirt, putting butter on a bread.
A woman in yellow with a knife in her hand buttering her sub sandwich.
a man sitting with checked shirt.
Older man in checked shirt on a bench.
a blond teen in a blue sweater and jeans.
Person in a blue sweater.
A clear cup next to a bowl of soup.
small glass next to a bowl.
The motorcycle that is all black.
The motorcycle ridden by a man in a black helmet.
The planter to the right of the man on the bench.
A coffee mug placed on the left side of another cup.
Coffee cup to left of other cup.
A table having a red,white and green color table cloth.
The patterned table holding a pot.
Man wearing a green coat.
A skiier in green and black wearing large goggles.
A light brown horse with white lower legs and white mane and nose.
A light brown horse with a blond mane and a mine riding on it.
A lady sitting next to a toddler wiping her mouth.
A woman with red hair wiping her chin.
A black car driving down the street next to a man on his cell phone.
A black car riding down the street.
right orange.
The orange that is fully visible and does not have a sticker.
The table with the watch on the wrist above it.
the middle table.
the table top where the people are seated.
table.
Floor of the bakery work area.
the floor on the left.
The bottom layer of a white wedding cake.
Lowest tier on a three-tired wedding cake.
The woman in black.
A woman with short hair playing wii.
A chair at the end of a table.
Wooden chair pushed under the table closest to the bowl of dyed eggs.
Man in blue shirt.
A man in a navy blue shirt and jeans.
The man behind the man in white without a bird on his shirt.
The man in green standing behind the man in white.
Pizza dough with no cheese added.
bread to the right.
man wearing blue t-shirt.
A man in a blue Pepsi-Cola tee shirt grinning.
Stove on the right of a dishwasher.
A stove next to a dishwasher.
the woman in motion.
The person standing up in the black dress.
the plate with the orange food.
a bowl of carrots.
A male tennis player.
A man with white shorts and a black tank top holding a tennis racket.
square wood table.
The side table sitting in the living room beside the couch has a lot of clutter on it.
A toilet between a counter and a green divider.
The toilet to the left of the partition.
The all white truck.
The wholly white truck.
The wooden chair in front of a table.
A green chair pushed up to a table.
A sandwich with meat and lettuce.
A sandwich with lettuce on top.
The African American man.
A man with big belly and specs on face holding a push vehicle.
a man in a black shirt and black shorts, wearing blue and black shoes.
A man with the number 9 on his shirt guarding another man.
a person skateboarding.
A person is standing on the skating board.
A black dressed man standing on skates and talking with two of other guys.
A man in black dress is skating on ice.
A man holding remote controls.
a man playing the remote game.
Elephant with hay in mouth.
a elaphant with food.
A man on a motorcycle.
A man on a motorcycle.
a boy with white hair and wearing yellow ,white ,blue shirt and shot.
a toddler playing with a goat.
A white tiled table.
white table in the right side of the image.
a brown and white cow standing in the field.
A brown cow in the foreground.
The wooden boat tied to the concrete with a rope.
An old wooden boat that is being passed by two people on bicycles.
the traffic light facing west.
The three bulb traffic light.
a boat was going in water.
the boat with the orange buoys hanging off the back.
A smiling boy holds a tennis racket while the ball is near his knees.
a boy is paling.
This is a bowtie, with cream and red all throughout it.
bow tie in the close up picture.
the elephant on the right, between the couple.
An elephant head by the woman int he black tank top.
A smaller brown and tan giraffe walks down a path.
The giraffe on the left.
A suitcase that has a cat in it.
the suitcase the cat is laying in.
A man wearing a silver helmet sitting on a motorbike.
A man with a silver helmet on a black motorcycle that has it's light on.
Young boy with ornage towel recieving a hair cut.
A little boy with an orange towel wrapped around him.
Red motorbike on a jack with tools on the ground.
The red motorcycle with the number 67 on it.
The white cat laying on the grass behind the black cat.
A white and black cat staring at something.
a baseball player staring off into the distance.
a baseball player looking away sitting in the dugout.
church pews.
a wooden pew back second from the right.
MANY PEOPLES DRIVING THE BOAT IN SEA WATER.
A large boat with several people in it.
The woman holding the young child.
A girl wearing a black short sleeved shirt.
A reclined man in a car operates a laptop computer.
A man in a car using his laptop computer.
A woman in a blue shirt looking at a cell phone.
A woman in a blue shirt.
The entire length of the blue and yellow train.
the train.
Baby elephant with adult elephant.
The baby elephant is standing under its mom.
A pain of skis being held by a man.
The skis of the person on the right.
bike that shows only white front and is close to the curb.
A sandwich above another.
A sandwich on a white plate next to a bowl of soup.
Side of refrigerator.
right side panel of unit.
The toast that is closest to the eggs.
the toast touching the omellete.
A woman wearing a blue swimsuit.
A brunette woman in a strapless bikini, behind a blue model jet, in the sky, next to a cat in the air.
A man wearing a brown hat and black sunglasses.
man in a gray shirt wearing a cowboy hat.
A brown chair beside a woman in a dark grey shirt and black pants.
A tan chair with a black pillow on it.
Black refrigerator door.
man holding baby.
The man with glasses.
woman in blue swim gear behind woman in red shorts.
A brown haired woman in a bikini and black haired woman in red shorts.
A smiling person snowshoeing with the number "15" on their jacket.
A woman in yellow and dark blue winter jacket playing skii.
woman in blue.
The woman wearing the blue shirt holding the Wii controller.
A man in a yellow shirt.
Mature man standing by flowers with a yellow shirt on.
A city bus behind two men.
a large white bus with people leaning on the front.
woman on the horse.
A person in a green top and white pants, sitting on a horse.
A man with a beard and glasses.
A middle aged man that just blew out his candles on top of a cake.
a chaild was eating.
Baby is ready for eating.
A boy riding a skateboard.
A girly wearing snow boarding helmet in  surfing.
ranch dipping sauce above apple.
A small white bowl with some kind of white dip/sauce in it, sitting on a table next to other food including a sandwich, an apple, chips, and macaroni & cheese.
A black and white photo of a pitcher of liquid.
A pitcher full of liquid.
A girl wearing black shorts who is sticking out her tongue.
Woman in white shirt and black shorts.
the hurricane holding the yellow candle.
A glass vase with a candle in it.
The zebra whose back legs are not shown.
The zebra that is not close the wood fence.
man sitting on couch holding a frisbee.
Man sitting in between two females playing with a yellow frisbie.
An adult sheep with two baby sheeps.
A big sheep next to two little sheep.
A giraffe standing up with its back feet in sand and its front feet in grass.
the giraffe standing and facing the camera in the right hand picture.
A lady and a kid in a blue jacket.
A child wearing a blue jacket.
The toilet.
A toiler with the lid closed.
the bicycle behind the man.
green bike.
The woman in the grey shirt.
A woman with tattoos up her right arm with long hair and a grey dress shirt.
a virgin train with a yellow front.
A train that is to the right of another train.
Woman wearing a pink scarf working on a laptop computer.
A lady using a laptop.
A microwave oven on top of another microwave oven.
The black microwave on the white microwave.
the brown wood table underneath two pizzas.
A brown table where two pizzas have been placed one on top of another.
The bicycle.
a green stuffed teddy bear.
A large green stuffed teddy bear with a lime green bow tie around it's neck, surrounded by a gun and other stuffed animals.
wooden mug on table.
A wooden bowl that french fry shaped root vegetables are being held in.
Chocolate brown bear with a red shirt.
brown teddy bear.
A man opening a fridge.
Man who is nearest the fridge.
A dark brown horse with white stripe is handled by a woman.
A brown and white horse.
The apples on the left.
A blue motor cycle.
A blue motorbike.
A zebra in the grass, which have 3 more zebras to its left.
the man with glasses.
A man in glasses and a suit smiling for a picture.
A white porcelain sink with chrome faucets.
A sink in a hotel bathroom.
The person in the gray shirt.
Guy in gray shirt skateboarding up the stairs.
The larger zebra.
The larger zebra.
the giraffe that's head is above the other giraffe.
A giraffe with its mouth open.
a man in a black shirt sitting to the left of a woman wearing glasses.
The man sitting at the table.
the man with blue t-shirt in the right side of the image.
A man wearing a dark blue shirt with a tennis racket in his right hand..
glass of water behind plate of pizza with fork on it.
An elephant painting a tree.
Dark elephant that is touching the painting.
A sleek black car turning the corner.
The black sports car in front.
A woman with a glass of drink in her hand with other man.
woman wearing a scarf holds a glass of wine.
A boy and girl sitting to the right of a pizza.
The man with the blue sweater on.
Ice cream on a plate.
VANILLA ICE CREAM.
An almost finished glass of orange juice next to a knife.
a cup with a little bit of orange juice in it.
Dog sitting behind another dog laying on a dog bed.
dog sitting up.
A skateboard with brown wheels.
Bottle in front of someone's elbow wearing a white shirt.
A bottle of oil.
The player who is catching.
The catcher with the mitt.
mom giraffee.
The adult giraffe in the foreground.
brown color table in the front side of the image.
A bown tray that is kept empty.
Lower bunk bed with a red covering.
lower bunk bed.
The boat is white and blue.
The back of the tri colored boat.
the chair no one is sitting in.
empty seat next to girl with purple phone.
Drinking after taking snaks.
The man drinking the white wine.
A zebra standing in between two zebras.
middle of the three zebras.
A man's hand reaching for something on the counter beside the white plate.
A hand reaching for a plate at a breakfast buffet table.
Woman in grey coat holding black and white umbrella.
A woman holding a black and white striped umbrella.
A dark-haired man wearing a plaid shirt and black jeans holding a laptop while bending over seated.
A man wearing black pants, holding a laptop.
girl wearing purple shirt.
A teenager girl posing very close to another girl who is talking on a cell phone.
A giraffe that's the smallest in the picture.
The smallest giraffe with it's head in the feed cage.
The person behind the plates one above another.
a man wearing grey sweater.
A boy with two remote controls in his hands..
Three Guys Playing viedo Games with joy stick.
Smiling woman hold a phone to her ear.
A wonan wearing a white shirt talking on the phone and smiling.
A blue van with dark windows.
A blue van sitting in front of a dark car.
The part of the oven that is directly touching above the sign advertising hotdogs.
rightmost metal freezer.
A metal fridge to the right of three others.
The man holding the camera.
man in a white shirt in black tie squatting holding a phone and video camera.
A man with a white shirt behind a table.
A man in a white shirt.
A set of benches with only one man seated at them.
The metal bleachers at the tennis stadium are empty.
Crumbly dessert to the right of the beans on the tray.
Some food in a dish above some silverware.
ORANGE WITH THREE MORE IN THE FIRST POSITION.
the orange on the bottom left.
A bearing holding another bear.
A bear looking doing while sitting between the mountain.
The darker of the two cats.
the black cat.
Three bananas.
Three miniature bananas sit on a plain white backdrop.
man on phone.
Hairy man without a shirt on.
Female lead skiier.
man skating in the front.
A passenger train link to another.
A BULLET TRAIN FACING THE SAME FROM THE LEFT SIDE.
the person standing to the lesft of the person holding ball.
runner in the back.
Horse that has its head on the back of another zebra.
The zebra that is laying its head on another zebra.
A woman with bright red hair wearing a dark-colored costume.
A woman with long red hair.
A MAN WEARING A BLACK DRESS PLAYING.
the man in the track pants.
a mal wearing a chef hat near a cake.
Man wearing a chef hat and glasses looking down.
the brown messenger bag carried by the woman.
The brown purse of the woman in the background.
A blue striped couch with white throw pillows.
The couch with pillows on it.
an adult bear looking at a baby bear.
bear with open mouth.
Man in green shirt.
A man in a green shirt catching a frisbee.
the airplane that is second in line on the runway.
The second plane in the line.
Vase with red ribbon.
red ribbon tied around a glass vase with flowers.
Shorter giraffe.
short giraffe.
small taddey bear.
A small teddy bear sitting on a larger teddy bear's leg.
A black chair behind a boy.
a black chair farthest on the right.
a teacher smile & looking at camera.
A black woman standing for a picture.
the man on the left with a skateboard.
Man in green shirt on skateboard with his right arm pointing down and his left back and out.
The laptop is being used by the boy while the girl watches.
A white labtop.
person getting of train.
the bus on the right in the right hand picture.
A yellow double decker bus.
a double decker yellow bus.
A green suitcase.
A rectangular teal briefcase.
fork to the bottom left.
A fork is sitting on the plate with the smaller amount of eggs.
The forearm of a person who has  a black sleeve on.
right hand of a person extended holding a utensil.
The wooden top of the seat behind the boy.
The bench seat in the booth behind the person.
A black bench with a person lying on it.
The hand belonging to the person holding a man's finger in a pair of scissors.
One hand take the middle finger of other men.
A red and white plane waits for passengers to board.
An airplane with red painted tail parking in airport.
The piece of pizza across from the empty spot.
Giraffe with neck upright facing left.
A giraffe with it's tongue sticking out.
A yellow truck used for extinguishing fires.
A yellow truck.
The black computer monitor.
The computer screen that is not on.
A bag.
Black travel bag with blue and white graphic design.
adult giraffe in back.
THERE IS ONE BIG CAMEL STANDING ON THE GRASS WITH SMALL CAMEL.
A woman sitting with her knees up, talking on a phone.
The lady on the steps.
The green bike to the left of the bike with the blue ball in its basket.
A grazing zebra with a similar zebra behind it.
grazing zebra in front.
A man in yellow hard hat on the ocean.
the man in the yellow helmet next to the man in the blue helmet.
Small empty white dish.
dish with heart shaped veggies.
the tiffin box on the right.
The pair of hands holding the puppy.
the womans hands with the ring.
a red airplane with oracle on the side.
A red Oracle plane.
A teddy bear dressed in a light blue tuxedo and wearing a bow tie.
A teddy bear dressed as the groom of the wedding.
A MAN EAGERLY WATCHING SOMETHING AND WEARING WHITE COLOR SHIRT AND BLACK COLOR TIE.
a man wearing a black tie.
A man with a black helmet on skiing.
A boy skiing in sitting position.
a bowl of pasta next to a bowl of salad.
The bowl with noodles in it.
A catcher wearing a white uniform.
A man in a white jersey is kneeling on the ground.
A woman in a blue shirt playing a video game with a man.
A woman in a gray sweater with game controllers.
the white table behind the man that is standing.
An empty spot on a table behind a man in a blue shirt.
Large elephant in background only partially visible.
elephant on left.
a black motorcycle being sat on by two peoplr.
The front end of a motorcycle in front of the people on it.
A shirtless man with santa hat and floral shorts carrying a surfboard.
man in santa hat holds the surfboard in the snow.
The pink train.
A pink train.
A zebra that has its head in the car window.
A zebra head.
Body of cow facing left.
There is a large bull behind the calf.
the red umbrella on the left.
the maroon umbrella.
A man in a white shirt and wearing glasses playing with a Wii controller.
A man in a white shirt playing Wii.
A pile of brocolli on a blue plate.
Cooked broccoli on a plate next to chips and rice.
a silver chair under a table.
The chair behind the table.
The leaves of the right most plant.
a large green tree leaves.
A shirtless guy in a blue bathin suit.
Man on the beach playing with a Frisbee.
zebra with head up.
A zebra standing mostly in light.
a guy in a gray t shirt playing wii.
A man in a gray shirt holding a wii controller.
A trailer being pulled by a white and yellow truck.
Box car with advertisements sitting in the middle of the field.
The top slice of a cheese pizza.
top part of the pizza.
Baby smiling in a stroller.
The adorable, goofy baby sitting in the stroller holding an apple.
A ladle next to a pot of potatos.
A gray plastic soup ladle laying on top of a range next to a bowl of potatoes.
A jelly pastry on a plate.
The pie by the sandwich.
A white bird with a black beak standing on sand.
The second banana from the right on the grill.
The banana second from the right on the grill.
Man wearing cap is pulling the trolly bag.
The man wearing the black shirt.
A computer keyboard that is not being used.
Light-colored keyboard with individual raised keys in front of dark laptop.
Someone wearing blue jeans is standing at the back of the tennis court.
The lower legs of a person wearing blue jeans and dark sneakers standing behind a tennis player on a tennis court.
The bird to the left.
Bird standing on banana staring off into the distance.
A bunch of peaches sitting in a white bowl next to other fruits.
a bowl of peaches.
Hey man watching over an active grill.
person with hand on grill.
The blue chair by the window.
A blue chair is close to a window and has a blue plate and two glasses in front of it.
non-stacked donot.
the donught by its self.
The airplane that is parked over a yellow line.
Plane that has man standing next to.
kid sitting on couch.
A kid eating pizza and winking.
Man in blue jean shorts.
person is standing in shorts with bag to side.
The table holding the trays of food and coffee.
surf board of the left most person.
the surfboard with the lightning on it.
Empty can of sliced fruit.
The empty can of sliced peaches.
A blue back pack being worn by a women with a teal shirt.
A backpack on a man.
waffle with strawberry and powdered sugar laying flat on plate.
The waffle underneath the main waffle.
Plastic container of fruit.
A tupperware box filled with fruit.
A MAN WHO HOLDING SKIING STICK AND RUN WITH SHOUTING.
The skier in all black.
Pieces of broccoli.
A MAN WEARING BLACK COLOR T SHIRT AND HALF TROUSER PLAYING WITH ANOTHER MAN WEARING WHITE COLOR  T SHIRT.
A man in black clothes and a backwards cap throwing a frisbee.
A woman sitting down.
girl seated on bench.
The sofa behind a woman.
light brown couch.
a man in a black shirt playing tennis.
Man with black shirt and white shorts playing tennis.
A sugar coated donut in the back right of the box.
The donut on the back right hand side.
A tall black vase with no painted design.
A tall dark colored vase with a lined pattern.
a wooden chair placed near a table.
An ornate wooden dining room chair.
Giraffe standing on far left.
Taller giraffe to left of pole.
A woman with blond hair and a black shirt.
A woman wearing jeans.
ketchup and beer bottle.
ketchup and drinks sitting on the table.
A man standing behind the person who is skating.
A MAN STANDING BACK SIDE OF PLAYING SKATING MAN.
a potted tree leaning to the right.
Trees in the back of a truck.
a white bear.
A light tan bear next to another bear.
A woman smaling.
girl.
A skier in black pants and a green shirt with a numbered bib on top of it.
Man in the green shirt.
couch on right.
A low light gray leather sofa facing away.
A female zebra being mounted by a male.
a zebra eating grass.
A white subaru car driving down the road.
the white car in front.
A person is boarding a small airplane in front of a man who is waiting to board.
A man in a yellow shirt inside the a plane.
Surfer boy with his arms down waist level as he walks.
Surfer to the left carrying board.
A goat between two other goats who are looking at him.
Large brown goat in between a white and brown goat.
A man in a blue checkered shirt, blue hat, and backpack walking.
man walking with backpack.
A black vehicle is parked in the corner by the road.
The left front fender of a black truck.
A man holding a basket in red.
A person wearing a red shirt petting an elephant.
A tree in a flower box on the side of a building.
A bush in front of a building.
A cow standing in a field next to a cow laying down.
large black and white cow with chain on neck staring at camera.
The black chair with wooden arms.
the chair where the lady in red is sitting without glasses in the right hand picture.
baby carrots.
There is a bowl of carrots with three other bowls.
the stem of a wine glass on the far left.
glass in the left most side of the image.
The person behind the baby.
A parent with their child.
horse on left.
a white horse to the left of another horse.
Elephant behind the other elephant.
elephant in the background.
The sandwich on the plate beside the beer.
The sandwich on the plate next to the glass.
The light brown dog.
A tan Pomeranian dog.
Rear bike tire on leading gold bike.
The back end of a bike ridden by a man with a black shoe.
the middle sheep in the right hand picture.
A lamb eating grass or smelling wool on the ground.
The Batter at home plate.
The baseball player standing to the right of the umpire and other player.
The left edge of the fork on the plate.
the left side of a fork on a square plate.
A black semi truck carrying a load of logs on a street.
A log truck parked on the side of a road behind a red truck.
A MAN  WAS SITTING POSITION AND HOLDING THE BLULE COLOR UMBRELLA.
A young lady wearing dark black pant wearing white shoes sitting on the brick is present in the image.
A sandwich with meat and cheese.
A sandwich half atop the other half of the sandwich.
white paper with black writing and a black horse emblem.
paper far right bottom corner.
zebra in the foreground.
Full sideview of a Zebra.
A boy in a grey shirt facing another man.
boy  wears a gray shirt as he watches a man fix a kite.
a white tractor big rig with a blue rope around the bumper.
A white semi truck is parked by a black one, with a blue strap attached to the front.
lady who is playing in the left side with white and violet jersey.
the first woman in purple.
second from left toothbrush.
hand holding tooth brushes.
man in orange shirt and shorts.
A blurry person with an orange shirt and wearing shorts.
A zebra eating roughage standing with another zebra who is not eating.
a zebra that is grazing in some hay.
A green and yellow plant.
a spiny yellow and green plant next to a clay pot.
A blue and black duffle bag.
A blue bag resting on a bed surrounded by other luggage.
A boy with a brown shirt and red and white pants.
The little boy that is not wearing a hat.
The top piece of bread for the sandwich furthest to the right.
the top bun of the sandwich on the right.
Kid on the skateboard wearing a white shirt and leopard print pants.
boy left.
a chair with towel and seat.
A computer chair with a red towel on it.
the second carrot from the left.
The second carrot going from the left of the photo.
A black sofa with a brown or gold pattern.
The long black couch.
Steamboat.
a large steam boat which is letting out steam from it.
A blue construction truck.
There is blue colored truck on the road.
The man in the white shirt.
a man wearing pants and t shirt  is jumping.
A black child wearing a khaki colored shirt and olive pants throwing a frisbee.
Boy with tan polo shirt throwing a frisbee.
middle player.
The middle baseball player.
cow in the background.
Brown and white cow to the back left of a larger cow staring into the camera.
A White and red umbrella.
AN UMBRELLA WITH RED AND WHITE STRIPES.
Glass of reddish-yellow liquid.
a drinking class in the table.
A sign on a pole that is purple and white.
A purple sign on a long silver pole being carried by a male participant in a Mardi Gras parade.
A white surfboard in a persons hand.
The white surf board being carried by the boy.
A kid with a Green shirt and jeans.
A boy watching a  man skeing.
A man in a green jacket holding a silver laptop.
a man wearing the green t shirt.
long bus with green fern print.
A public bus that is painted with green fern type leaves parked at the side of the road.
umbrella with rainbow colors left of the arrangement.
A beige armchair with a man sitting on it.
The beige chair with the man sitting in it.
A large black bike parked on the right side of the picture.
A black motorcycle to fit multiple people.
plastic soda bottle.
A bottle of soda sitting on a table next to a hot meal.
The Black shirt man lying and seeing their mobile phone.
A man wearing jeans and black shirt, holding a phone while he is laying down.
baseball player with bat.
A man wearing a blue helmet and holding a black bat.
A man with sunglasses and a backwards colorful hat.
A boy with a white shirt wearing black glasses and a scarf.
a woman in blue top.
A woman in a blue shirt reading a book.
A chair with a parrot sitting on it.
the chair the bird is perched on.
The two slices of carrot stacked on each other.
Yellow squash on top of broccoli.
A large white umbrella providing shade for man.
closer white umbrella.
A persons legs to the right of the bowl of green vegetables.
A girl wearing black dress.
A girl in a red and white striped shirt eating a piece of pizza.
A girl eats a piece of pizza while sitting next to a man.
An older man in jeans and a white T-shirt sitting on the couch playing a Wii game.
The older man in the white shirt.
A young man in a red buttoned shirt standing in the midst of several vehicles.
A man walking towards a car.
Women sitting on brown couch with grey sleeveless shirt.
A woman wearing glasses and a necklace.
a white color horse is tied right side of a cart.
the horse that has more freckles on its face.
person head on right back.
The elephant that is facing you.
An elephant that's facing the camera.
A man wearing a brown shirt.
The bearded man typing on the green and white computer.
Woman with long hair and a red shirt.
The blonde-haired woman wearing a red long sleeve top.
A white dog sitting on the lap of a woman dressed in blue.
A white dog being held by a woman in grey.
hotdog bitten into.
half a chili dog not being touched by a hand.
A Girl wearing green T Shirt..
woman standing in a green tshirt.
A young man wearing a blue shirt and holding a skateboard.
A skater boy in a blue shirt.
red truck.
A orange truck next to motorcycle riders.
A pink teddy bear.
A pinkish teddy bear with some writing on the bottom of it's feet.
A sweet on right side corner.
A Brown donut with seeds.
The bench closest to the palm tree and on a concrete pedestal.
a bench in the shore near another bench.
A small couch with wooden arms & legs.
A carton of milk with the word Clover written on it.
Bottle of milk.
a fedex container.
A FedEx truck is about to be towed away.
A woman with red hair in a black dress.
THe woman with the reddish brown hair, wearing a black top and black pants.
The laptop facing the large man with the striped shirt.
A silver laptop being used by man with striped shirt.
A MacBook Pro with a blip.tv sticker on the back in front of a guy that is laughing.
the laptop in front of the man who is crouched over.
wooden bench in the midle.
middle bench.
The ram on the left who is head butting another ram standing in the middle of the road.
ram on left butting other ram.
A truck that has two four wheelers on it.
Navy blue Ram pick-up truck.
A baseball player being tagged as he slides into home.
A baseball player sliding in an orange uniform.
a womans hand wearing a bracelet feeding a giraffe.
A womans hand feeding a giraffe.
The old man sitting with the black hat and book on his lap.
A man wearing glasses.
Giraffe standing taller of the two giraffes.
A giraffe with it's head up standing next to another giraffe.
A blue chair under the man on the left.
A blue seat without legs, being sat on by a man in glasses.
The banana is lower than the other two.
Cat underneath a chair with another cat on top of it.
a cat under a chair.
A horse with head up.
the horse on the right closest to the woman in the green.
Darkest giraffe.
The giraffe furthest left.
the leftmost woman.
A woman playing tennis, to the left of the woman standing in the same position.
a boat with guys in white.
Boat on the right of another.
Boy posing with his surf board,.
A person wearing black posing in front of a blue surfboard.
the piece of meat that is located above the other.
The top most hot dogs closest to the potatoes.
A older man with sunglasses posing for a picture.
A man wearing sunglasses.
a man was standing.
A MAN WAS STANDING  THE ROAD BACK POSITION.
A yellow Volkswagen van.
A yellow VW bus with license plate LPL 3IIP.
A woman with a white shirt on sitting at a dinner table.
woman sitting at table.
A woman holding the dog with both hands.
a woman with long hair holding a dog.
A lounge with a pillow with front of a remote.
A gray and white striped couch with a pillow on it.
A man in gray smiling at the bar.
The man smiling at the woman.
A book titled tow and a half M... in black color.
the top CD box titled Two and a Half Men, complete 4th season.
bundt cake with whit icing.
the bundt cake with dripped icing.
Cow with bell around its neck looking to the left.
A mother elephant.
The elephant to the left of the smaller elephant.
girl with glasses sitting at the table.
A lady in blue and white dress wearing a glass sitting before a dining table.
A brown dog paw is holding onto an empty water bottle.
Brown dog paw.
A white surfboard between a boat and red surfboard.
The balancing portion of the outrigger.
A giraffe standing on the park with bended head.
A giraffe in front of another giraffe bending over a wall of stones.
The catcher is ready.
the catcher.
The front of the white car parked to the left of the front of the bus.
The white vehicle close to the front of the bus.
A person wearing glasses.
the train that's on the tracks.
A man with a white turban with a phone in his hand.
A moustached asian with a turban, talking on mobile.
The sheep in the background behind the other two sheep.
the sheep standing in the back.
The darker brown bear.
Bear laying down in a cage facing the other bears.
A white wooden table with small wooden chairs.
The man with black jacket and striped collared shirt seen behind the young boy.
a TV screen in the background.
A horse with a white snout.
A brown horse standing in the background, waiting for a rider.
A slice of vegetable having hole in the middle.
A piece of the skin of the fruit that is behind the knife, it has a perfect circle cut out of it.
The bird who is touching the container in the man's hand with its beak.
two parrots.
a woman with a white hair band.
A brown leather chair with a gray pillow and a red plaid blanket thrown over the back of it.
a black chair with a red blanket on it.
A spoon that is aligned next to a knife.
spoon touching the knife.
A bag strap on a lady with glasses.
Large vetical screen on the left.
a big monitor with flicker opened.
A zebra eating grass facing the camera.
A zebra on the left side drinking water.
A magazine cover.
This is a magazine that says RUSSH on it.
A person in a black shirt and tan hat behind the fence.
A woman with a baseball cap looking to her left at a man.
A man in a suit wearing a black and white bowtie.
A man with blazer and white tie.
a red teddy bear sitting on the grass near a brown teddy bear.
A red teddy bear sitting on the ground next to another teddy bear.
black suitcase.
A black bag on the floor.
The man in the blue shirt.
Cowboy with blue shirt.
black umbrella.
A black umbrella.
An Asiana airliner at an airport.
A silver nd white plane.
The two wine glasses side by side in front of the white mug.
a man in blue holding two ski poles.
An adult skiing.
Sliced pieces of fruit on top of a dessert.
Pieces of yellow fruit on top of cake.
A gate gourmet food truck loading food into a plane.
gate gourmet loading truck for a plane.
A zebra standing up next to a zebra sitting down.
A zebra looking to the side at another zebra.
business man.
A man in black with glasses.
sheep standing sideways with another sheep behind it.
the skeep on the left.
A man swinging a racket on the far right.
Tallest can on the left just behind the soap dispenser.
A metal can of after shave next to a  sandstone soap bottle.
girl on first horse.
The person on the white and black spotted horse.
The closest half of the samwhich.
Half of grilled ham sandwich touching the dill pickle spear.
a bird look.
The bird, not it's reflection.
The horse in the middle.
A baby horse in the middle of other two horses.
That is a little girls hand on a childs computer.
The little green laptop.
A piece of lettuce poking out the top of a sandwich.
A half of a sandwich facing up with lettuce on top.
The bird in the lower left.
Brown dead bird lying in the road first from left.
The bottle of The Velvet Devil Merlot.
A bottle of merlot wine with label reading "THE VELVET DEVIL".
A man holding his hands under his chin while watching a video game.
a man resting his head on his hands.
Skier number 4,.
A man in a brown shirt skiing down a hill.
A white surfboard being held by a woman in black.
A white surfboard.
a man was waring a cap.
A man wearing glasses, a shirt and tie, and wool hat.
A pair of identical white books sandwiched between two other, larger books.
Two books titled, "Elige tu Propia Aventura.".
Second from the top suitcase sitting in a pile on the ground.
A picture of a medium sized grey suitcase sitting just under the top suitcase.
A blackish giraffee trying to eat the leaves on the tree.
A giraffe that is the tallest on the left..
a man dressed in a suit looking at a woman.
A man in a suite smiling as he looks at a woman next to him.
set of chairs.
the man with friends who is wearing glasses.
man in a black shirt.
white plane with white and blue tail.
a plan with no yellow on tail.
the inside of an oven.
The inside of the oven.
the wii remote on the right.
the hand of a person holding a cellphone.
the hand holding the phone.
The pink tie on the right.
A pink sash with gold inlay.
The blue bus next to the blue truck.
The blue bus next to the yellow post.
the vegetables on the right.
The salad bowl on the right.
The lamb in between the other lamb and the mother sheep.
A baby lamb sitting closer to the older lamb in the photo.
A large green modern bus that says Oltursa on the front.
A green tour bus.
lady sitting backside of the image.
The woman in the background eating the seafood pasta is out of focus.
A set of eating utensils next to the pizza.
A SET OF SILVERWARE WRAPPED IN A NAPKIN.
The front most black vase.
The largest of three blue and black oval shaped waterfall pottery pieces from a floral shop.
A brown and white horse with a woman wearing a pink top.
A close-up of a horse's head.
red truck with blue bed, and doors.
red truck.
The hotdog weiner on the right.
sausage on right.
A man with his hand on the back of another man.
the man with blonde hair and a white shirt.
A man riding a motorcycle ahead of another motorcycle.
the man on the closest motorcycle.
A pterodactyl kite with red streamers laying on the ground.
A multi-colored pterodactyl kite lying on the grass.
A Samsung phone turned sideways.
The mobile in the girl hand.
backside of elephant in back.
An elephant with other two elephants.
A woman with glasses playing Nintendo Wi boxing game.
People using Wii controller.
A man wearing a burger king crown passed out with his legs spread apart.
a past out man wearing a burger king hat.
A pie with light brown crust on the top.
An apple pie.
A half eaten donut on a white paper plate.
half bitten donut.
woman have a beer cup.
A lady holding a cup and listening the conversation in a house.
the white train.
the white train behind the blue one.
A woman playing soccer in a black uniform with the number 23 on the jersey.
A female soccer player wearing a uniform with the number 23.
The woman playing tennis bending down in the left panel of the picture.
A female tennis player in blue and white tennis outfit and a holding a red racket.
zebra colt standing next to other zebra.
A small baby zebra.
Zebra standing left to the small zebra. Shadow is seen.
A zebra is standing to the right.
A women seated cross-legged and taking a picture with a cell phone.
A young girl wearing black holding a cell phone while sitting on the ground studying along with 3 others.
The man on the right side of the tv.
A man on television in a checkered shirt.
Man riding an elephant with his ankles crossed.
This is the man on the elephant to the far right.
A shirtless man with white shorts on trying tocatch a frisbee.
A shirtless, heavily muscled man reaches high for a flying frisbee.
The apple that has a stick in it on the bottom left hand side.
the rear end of a horse behind a woman.
a woman with white gown.
Bride cutting cake.
A jar containing purple candies.
A bottle with purple pieces in it.
The elephant furthest to the left.
An elephant that is farthest to the left.
Left half of a fruit.
the left half of a sliced lemon.
A boy brushing his teeth with a shirt on that says Dino Charge.
A boy sitting on the closed toilet with a green brush on this mouth.
Grey elephant with face facing camera.
An elephant with its mouth open looking at a plant.
skiis being worn by a woman in black pants.
Skies on the person in black pants.
A stool to the left of another stool.
A glass chair which nearer to us.
A man in black leaning on a wall with a pair of glasses in his hands.
Man in a black jacket leaning up against a subway column.
A girl in pink with glasses.
A young girl with long dark hair wearing glasses, seated at a dinner table and looking back over her shoulder.
A tennis player hitting a tennis ball with another person standing at the back of the court.
a man in a blue shirt on a tennis court while a young man looks at him in the background.
the top spoon in the salad bowl.
A wooden spoon turned upside down in a bowl.
a white horse.
A white horse eating grass.
A man wearing a tie and a hat.
A smiling man in a tie and hat stands next to a woman in glasses.
a young woman cutting a cake.
woman cutting the cake.
A fighter jet in all gray.
A gray jet with the number 306 on the tail.
the sandwhiches on the bottom left.
two meat-filled sandwiches and broccoli next to it.
A large elephant wrapping its trunk under the baby elephant's trunk.
elephant on left.
A man wearing blue and yellow cleats playing soccer.
Player with black sox.
A brown horse being ridden by a girl in a black helmet.
Horse galloping on water, with rider wearing helmet.
A laptop to the left of the food.
The darkest brown chair.
The dark brown chair sitting at the table on the left side.
Soup with chicken and carrots and yellow broth.
bowl of soup.
train.
Train stopped at a station.
The girl in pink holding a banana.
A little girl in a pink shirt holding a banana.
Older man wearing eyeglasses.
the man on the bench to the left in the right hand picture.
A video-game entitled Wii Sports.
A wii Sports game case that came from a wii system box.
A green stuffed animal on top of a baby.
green stuffed animal.
A man skiing wearing gold ski goggles and executing a turn.
a skier on the top portion of the card.
A woman with a helmet and purple coat standing next to a horse.
a woman in a purple coat smiling.
a giraffe with a bent knee looking down at leaves.
giraffe with its head down.
A blue surfboard laying in the sand.
A surfboard is laid in the sand of a beach near a wet dog.
young boy standing in the snow.
A boy holding a snowboard.
a woman wearing glasses.
A woman wearing glasses.
The man driving the first police motorcycle.
A woman in black in a boat.
a woman in black sitting fdown in a boat.
Motorcycle cop with a yellow safety vest and helmet on.
A person wearing helmet going on a ambulance bike.
A BED WITH FULL OF CLOTHS.
A man in a white and blue, number 10 jersey batting during baseball practice.
A baseball player swinging at a ball with a bat.
A little girl at a picnic with her family in the woods.
A girl with 3 adults in the woods camping next to a lake.
The shadow on the wall.
A shadow on a wall by one of two people inside.
A bench that a girl in a red shirt is sitting on.
unpainted park bench.
man in white shirt sitting under picture.
a man sitting with a white shirt on.
chair in a hall.
A wicker chair with a cushion on the seat.
Plate with cake and sauce to right of vinagerette bottle.
The plate of cake on the right.
A grey car.
The rear fender of a grey car.
table where the woman in a grey shirt is sitting at.
The chait with the lamp right next to it.
The chair is next to the lamp.
A man in a checked shirt inside a food truck.
A person in a plaid shirt.
A man in a gray tuxedo helping a bride cut a cake.
A groom cutting the cake with his bride.
A tanned woman in white Nike visor buries her head into a towel.
A girl wo closed her face with towel coloured Pink.
cat with several brown patches to the left of another cat.
A cat resting next to another cat upon which is a plate is resting.
The remote near the white mouse.
A black remote on top of a desk.
A car with a clear California license plate, with a dog's head hanging out the window.
A small car with California tags parked with a dog hanging out the window.
A BOY PLAYING A DISK WITH HIS TWO FRIENDS.
a shirtless boy throwing a frisbee.
the upper bat of the 2.
A baseball bat that is closest to the player's head.
pizza in the plate.
Pizza waiting to be served to people to eat.
A piece of pizza with only cheese on it.
Man with no shirt looking at the ocean.
man on the bottom of right not in the water.
boy with white pants that is catching the baseball.
the kid catching the ball but only in the right hand picture.
A person's left knee, clad in grey pants, with a laptop on their lap.
A person's knees above a different man's laptop.
A chair sitting at a desk to the left of another chair.
the chair that is closest to the window.
A girl watching the television.
a woman watching the tv.
A soccer player in a yellow jersey running for the ball.
the soccer player in a yellow shirt closest to the ball.
A boy looking at his cell phone while riding on the back of a bicycle, while wearing a multi colored jacket.
Kid sitting behind on a cycle.
A skier in a light colored outfit who is positioned in between two other skiers.
a person in a white jacket.
A donut under another donut with a cup of coffee.
Donut underneath another donut.
A boy wearing a blue raincoat sitting two other boys.
Girl in blue jacket.
A hand holding a hot dog.
Woman in pink.
An older lady wearing a pink shirt happily poses with friends for a picture to remember the day they had playing tennis together.
A bed with a brown headboard and beige cover.
A bed which was right below the portrait.
green color truck in the left side of the image.
green trailer.
Broccoli in a plate covered with cheese.
The gray bicycle.
Bike with black seat.
A vehicle to the left of two people on a motorcycle.
the black bus in front of the motorbike.
There is a train on the tracks beside a blue colored train.
Torbay Express train.
A windshield can be seen behind a woman holding her phone.
A car windshield.
The woman in the background.
lady in back watching hug.
A  woman putting a birthday hat on a little girl.
A white shirted lady helping a birthday girl.
Bowl on soup on a brown table and black lunch tray.
The cupcake that is blurry and only partially visible all the way at the top.
a man dressed in motorcycle attire wearing a silver helmet.
man with a silver helmet sitting on motorcycle.
a woman holding a hairdryer fixing another woman's hair.
The hairdresser.
A silver knife.
Butter knife next to the chocolate treat.
A women taking a shot with the camera.
Woman in green shirt holding up silver camera.
blue car behind girls playing.
the blue car in the back.
A white pillow on a bed behind a girl with a phone.
A pillow on a bed behind a woman.
A seagull not flying.
The bird was standing on the wall.
A bicycle with one smaller wheel and a larger wheel.
Large bicycle with small back wheel and larger front wheel hanging from the ceiling next to a Dort Mall Clock.
a woman in a light blue jacket and brown pants.
a woman wearing a blue shirt and brown pants playing a game.
A man in a white hat running towards the man in green.
man in white running.
Person sitting the brown chair.
a woman watiching tv.
A man in a blue coat holding skis.
A man in a blue coat, holding ski poles.
A small child wearing a purple shirt.
A child in purple shirt holding a tennis racquet.
A man in a suit with a purple tie.
Man wearing a pink tie posing for a picture.
A flower vase placed on top of a wall clock.
A gold vase sitting on top of a clock.
red double decker bus next to the stoplight.
A red color double decker bus is taking turn towards road.
brown cow.
a brown cow.
The large pillow on the couch behind the girl with the grey and black sweater.
A green colored sofa.
A baseball player with the number 27 running to base.
A player in jersey number 27.
The white computer monitor at the center of the table.
Old white CRT monitor sitting on top of a book.
just the ice cream portion of the sculpture in the bottom right picture.
A giant statue swirl of vanilla ice cream.
a giraffe standing in the background looking up at the trees.
The giraffe to the right eating leaves from the tree.
a U.S. Air Force jet plane colored red white and blue with stars on the tail.
A US Air Force plane with an orange nose cone.
A man in the air in the middle of a skateboard trick.
Kid with glasses and white t-shirt performing a jump on his skateboard.
A person at an ATM inside the window.
A person in a light grey coat and black pants.
A tan horse behind two other horses.
cycle fell down in a floor.
The blue bicycle is laying on the ground next to the white bike that is standing up.
A young man with a redshirt and a bent left arm.
The man in the red shirt.
the man with the dark black glasses.
The man wearing dark sunglasses.
Pizza with eggs on it.
The whole pizza with fresh greens.
The deep dish pizza pie with the slice missing.
The pizza sitting up on a stand.
The top of a multi-colored surfboard.
A backpack on a woman's back.
A FLOWER POT BOTTLE  NEAR BY THE KEYBOARD AND MUG.
The skiing skate with the lady in the extreme right.
A red double decker buss with a blue stripe driving down the street.
A double decker bus with a blue hoarding in the center.
the horse on the right.
The horse to the right of the other horse.
A toothbrush with a visible brand name.
Toothbrush with product label visible.
The beige loveseat next to the window.
The sofa on the right with blue pillows.
The police officer stands ready to haul the handcuffed suspect to headquarters.
A man in black pants standing behind a police officer and a suspect.
A gray pair of american eagle jeans.
A person wearing khaki shorts with a blue eagle on the back side.
woman in green shirt playing the wii.
A person in a green shirt and camo shorts standing playing a video game.
A person riding a red motorcycle.
man sitting on bike with white shirt.
a slice of bread with raw sliced salmon.
A slice of white bread with salmon and garnish ontop.
man on left standing nearest to tv.
the man in a dark blue shirt and jeans.
a man was standing near the truck.
A man wearing jeans.
man sitting on the horse with red shirt and in the left side of the image.
the guy on the left in the right hand picture.
The black couch on the left.
Small sliver of back of seat in front of seat with cushion visible.
Guy in gray shirt playing wii in dark jeans.
The man in the grey shirt and jeans.
Two tables in front of two men and at right angles to each other hold a variety of items.
baby zebra eating.
zebra eating grass.
A projector screen in between two other projector screens.
screen in center of 2 others.
A lady in a red shirt.
Woman in red.
The man dressing was very neatly.
man with shirt tucked in and tie.
A small boy with his fingers near his mouth.
young child with short hair.
A white and brown cat wearing a collar.
A cat is eating the food.
A duckling swims ahead of two other ducklings.
a white cup with coffee that says blue and white restaurant.
A white mug that says Blue & White Restaurant.
The butter knife on the white napkin close to the plate.
knife to the right of fork.
The third dish from the bottom in the stack of dishes.
A wet, white bowl turned over to try, 2nd from the top.
a paddington bear holding a paddington bear book.
The bear wearing the red hat.
an empty folding chair.
the folding chair on the bat box on the far side of the man.
The black dog, wearing a coat, is happy to meet to meet another lighter colored dog.
a black dog.
One WILY JACK black bottle on table. Also seen parts of plates.
Wine on the far left with picture of a cowboy.
A brown and white disposable coffee cup.
Two paper coffee cups together with a tan design on the cup.
Blonde woman with big sunglasses on dressed in all black.
A woman wearing all black clothing and sunglasses.
The partial body of the man watching the boy with the Frisbee.
Adult in shorts in background.
Orange carrotw, 2 whole ones and the rest are chopped.
pices of carrot.
A older man at a weding wearing a suit with a baby blue tie.
A man in a suit and blue tie is wearing glasses and having a boutinerre attached.
A pair of dirt bikes.
The moped on the far right of the picture that no one is sitting on.
The bird on the right.
A tall bird with orange head and black feathers walking.
a woman in orange.
The two women wearing glasses.
A boy in a striped shirt.
A young child pointing a remote control.
bench on right.
wooden bench on beach to the right of the trash can.
A bald man behind the man holding laptop.
A shorter man that is standing behind a man holding a laptop.
The heavier man is making a phone call.
A man with a mobile to his ear.
The women in the knitted top is holding a tennis racket.
WOMAN IN DARK COLORED TOP HOLDING RACKET.
A pile of lemons & oranges, but mainly carrots. There is also a plastic bag that is unused.
the large pile of carrots.
Two CRT monitors are on a desk.
A giraff is tanding near other giraffes and leaning in to the brush.
The body of the tallest giraffe.
The goat grazing on the right.
Tan colored goat with a white rear on the right of two other goats.
couch on right.
Couch on right side of the picture.
Girl tennis player wearing pink jacket.
girl in white playing tennis.
A man dressed in an orange safety suit, holding a stop sign.
A person in an orange jumpsuit.
A brown horse with black tail and legs being ridden by a man in a black jacket.
A tan horse.
catcher.
A catcher sitting behind a baseball player who is swinging his bat.
A suitcase with a white tag on it.
The small black briefcase.
A blue concrete mixing truck.
The cement truck.
The larger giraffe is eating from thr zookeepers hand.
computer monitor.
A brown and tan bus on the right side of a white bus.
An old brown bus drives down the street in front of a white bus.
Last of the procession of three zebras crossing the street.
The last zebra in a line to cross the road.
empty red plastic chari pulled up to table.
rightmost chair.
blue chair with blue pillow.
a man in black tshirt sitting with friend.
A man wearing black holding his hand up to his face.
The girl is happy.
A girl in bed eating a sandwich.
A lady wearing a green golf short, khaki shorts and deck shoes leaning against a small plane.
girl in a green shirt and tan shorts leaning on a airplane.
A woman petting a lamb.
The woman in the dotted and striped shirt is petting the sheep.
An older man with a baseball hat, sitting on a bench by himself at a lake.
The elderly man looking in the distance from the bench.
A person kicking in a gym.
A player who is wearing black shoe and dark green colored t shirt.
A long haired young man in the middle of his friends.
There are cucumber pieces on a white plate.
A plate filled with cucumber.
A zebra is next to a plant and another zebra, it is eating hay from the ground.
a big zebra.
A young boy in shorts playing video games.
A kid in a striped shirt.
The woman with the purple jeans and the man with the hat behind her.
the woman with purple pants.
The piece of pizza on bottom.
The pizza slice on the bottom.
A blue umbrella in the background behind a colorful umbrella.
The large blue umbrealla in the background has fallen over.
A dog without a collar eating.
Reflection of a dog drinking from a water bowl.
pasta with tomatoes.
An entree in a bowl next to a bowl of broccoli.
salad bowl.
A bowl that a cat is in.
the person sitting adjusting her shoes.
A man with a black helmet sitting on the ground.
a stemless wine goblet with two slices of lime on its edge.
A glass is garnished with two cut limes.
the back side of a brown cow.
a brown cow with horns.
A giraffe behind two other giraffes.
Giraffe obstructed by smallest giraffe.
The man hitting the tennis ball.
A man in white shorts swinging a tennis racket.
the desk to the left of the boy holding the book in the right hand picture.
a brown horse wearing a mask getting rode by a jockey.
Glass jar with gold tone lid.
A jar with a gold lid next to a bottle with a yellow lid.
clear umbrella.
clear umbrella.
The black and white umbrella the man to the front left is holding.
knife in middle.
A knife with a black handle in the center of the group of three knives.
Black and white dog behind another dog.
A brown and white puppy looking pensive and being partially hidden by a puppy further to the front.
a woman reaching for a Frisbee wearing a black shirt and black shorts.
the girl in the black shirt.
blue passenger train.
A blue bus that is standing behind a green bus.
A man wearing glasses and a green jacket.
the man looking at the camera.
The remote that is to the left of the other remote.
The controller with the wire not chewed around.
baby girl with red and white lady bug shirt.
girl baby on left wearing ladybug clothes.
A clock face at 1:15 with a shadow creeping down toward it.
The right side of a clock tower.
man with shirt off.
A man wearing no shirt.
1/2 of a pepperoni pizza.
Half of a pizza, not cut into yet.
A giraffe is standing first of all other giraffes.
Giraffe looking at camera.
A man in a blue Tshirt and a woman sitting on a park bench eating.
A man in a blue shirt sitting next to a girl in a plaid shirt smiling at the camera.
Second goat from the left in the rear behind the hay.
The largest cow shown.
animal with green harness on face.
A bicycle being ridden.
The bicycle.
a person riding a bike with no umbrella.
A person that is riding a red bicycle.
The empty seat.
The white plushy seat.
A bag sitting alone on a bench.
the bag on the right of the bench.
The guy in brown.
man doing a skateboard trick.
The man is steering with a wii wheel.
A man with dressed in a white shirt with short brown hair.
a short refrigerator.
The chocolate cake in the South position of the left plate.
Biggest peice  chocolate cake on a white plate.
The elephant in front looks larger.
An elephant leading another elephant along the road.
Second from the left zebra.
the nearest zebra.
horse closer to the building.
The bowl filled with fruit.
Fruits in white bowl. Also seen parts of another bowl and plate.
A man wearing a purple tie.
A man wearing a black suit.
A floret of cauliflower near the bottle.
slice of carrot that is isolated on the bottom away from the pile.
Carrot slice separated from pile.
The sandwich triangles that are on to the outermost right hand side of the photo. It says sandwich on the packaging.
There is sandwich in green colored packet.
The batter.
A baseball player wearing a dark blue helmet and white uniform.
A woman with black framed glasses looking at and pointing to a map at a train station.
woman holding map in hand and pointing.
A man holding the big red snowboard.
man holding a snowboard.
The cup in the middle with no wine.
An empty wine glass directly beside a bottle cap on a table.
the skier in all black.
A man dressed in black ski apparel and a blue hat looks away from the camera as another man walks towards the camera.
a large white China Airlines cargo plane at an airport.
a china airlines cargo is on the tarmac.
a zebra facing a forest.
A small zebra behind the big zebra.
A cattle in the front of the herd.
A black cow with horns on the far left of the photo.
the back end of the elephant in the back.
the back part of the elephant in the background.
fruit on bottom right corner.
A zeebra on the left drinking water.
A zebra on the left side drinking water from a lake.
A skateboarder doing tricks in the air.
Guy with black helmet who is mid air.
the giraffe who is standing tall and looking forward, not eating.
A giraffe standing to the right of two other giraffes.
guy behind the front in the right hand picture.
A player in a black shirt behind fence.
The hand touching the blender.
hand turning the know on the blnder.
A man in eye glasses.
The man with the glasses.
Silver car behind players.
Silver car behind players.
large giraffee with head over railing.
Cute giraffe resting his head on a post.
A girl in black.
Barely visible girl with black belt on and black shirt.
The brown rusted train the in back of the image.
An old or rusted railroad train car.
The tall yellow-orange tumbler to the back left of the blue-green tumbler in the foreground.
the man that is holding the end of the shop vac.
A man in jeans and a brown shirt holds a shop vac hose and leans toward an open oven.
An empty bottle upside down in a glass.
An empty glass next to a half filled glass and a hamburger.
A restaurant table full of meal.
Table with plates of breakfast.
A white passenger train with the door open and the conductor and another man standing outside of it.
A long white passenger train.
A young African American male holding a white umbrella.
a man wearing a beige jacket and holding an umbrella standing between two other people.
The leather couch that has two people sitting on it.
A black couch has two people sitting on it.
A girl in plaid with one knee lifted.
A young girl poses on a skate board next to a younger girl on a skateboard.
A dark table in the far left hand background.
chair between orange and street lamp.
The chair right next to the one with the fruit on it.
A person holding a cover in the left hand and paying money to the vendor.
The person in purple holding the plastic bag.
A man with a blue cap wearing jackets showing his back.
Man on the left with his back to us.
A EMPTY WOODEN CHAIR NEAR BY MAN WHO SLEEPING TABLE.
Very edge of a black wooden bench.
A person jumping in front of another wearing a baseball glove.
the body of the giraffe that you can't see his head.
The shadow of a person that appears to have one arm straight and one bended watching a skate boarder.
A human shadow stands in a grassy area next to two other human shadows.
The traincar with the books.
the farmost left part of the train.
A yellow pooh bear on the far right.
A YELLOW COLOURED TEDDY BEAR WITH PINK TOP.
A bus with the number 17 in its window.
A passing bus with the number 17 on it.
glass of orange juice closest to person in green shirt.
A glass with yellow color drink near the hand of the man wearing green shirt.
Large blue and white barge ship in middle of pier.
A cargo ship docked waiting to be loaded.
The blurry boy dressed in red t-shirt.
a man in red.
The wood chair under the desk.
A light colored chair in front of a green desk.
man holding glove in orange.
A man in an orange t-shirt with a baseball mitt on.
Black motorcycle with low handlebars.
bike rightside.
The black chair being sat on by the woman.
The chair the lady is sitting in.
Jess Turner potato truck.
A green, yellow and red food truck with: Potatoes writing in front.
A bundt cake with hearts on it.
A donut shape valentine cake with hearts on top.
cake on left.
A cake still in the glass pan.
the horse closest to the boy.
The horse on the right.
A living room chair to the left of a matching chair.
jet u.s air force.
fighter plane with U.S. AIR fORCE written on it.
Chef looking down intently.
a man wearing a black shirt and a black and white striped apron stirring something in a metal container.
A white car.
Silver sedan parked near a building.
A woman with her back turned.
A woman whose back is turned.
A plane in the right corner and another in the left corner.
Planes pared at their gates.
A moped with a blue saddlebag.
A blue motorbike.
Boy base runner standing on first base, watching pitcher.
A kid on base.
old lady on chair and young man.
A tall man in a white dress shirt.
a baby boy with blue.
A child in a high chair.
A brown and white calf with ear tag.
A small brown cow with a tag on its ear.
A person wearing a sun glass and with hands on this hip, watching the baseball.
The man in the blue shirt and sandals.
The white table cloth under the table with the blue top.
A white table cloth.
Guy with black suit getting tie fixed by another guy.
this is a man getting his tie fixed.
The machine that is not currently receiving a card.
A parking meter in the city.
STEEL CURRY BOWL.
silver round bowl.
A man wearing glasses and a black shirt is twisting his body.
The man in the black shirt looks like he's doing the hokey pokey.
child to the left.
The person on the left lying on the pillow.
women in black shirt and grey shorts.
a plate of shrimp.
a snadwitch with lots of ham.
a burger on the most right.
The top half of the sandwich looks tasty.
a jelly sandwich.
A boy with white dress sitting beside a standing girl.
A little boy sitting on the floor wearing a white shirt.
Half of a steak, onions, and cheese pizza.
A pizza.
The elephant in the middle.
Elephant pictured between two other elephants.
A black motorcycle carrying two people.
motorcycle.
player bottom right.
The man who is bending his knees and holding a tennis racket to the side.
man in a white shirt and white hat wearing glasses.
A man wearing a white shirt.
A person in a colorful jacket and green pants riding a snowboard.
A snowboarder wearing a multi-colored top and green trousers.
A person's left hand typing on a black and silver laptop keyboard sitting on a table.
The left hand and arm using this computer.
Slices of oranges and diced onion on a wooden cutting board.
Three orange slices in a row.
The table surface underneath some trays of food.
a brown counter top.
The taller of two adult giraffes reaches its mouth just slightly higher than the other can match.
the giraffe with his neck higher in the air.
The horse with the light brown mane and the big splash of water in it's face.
Horse on the far left side of image drinking water.
the arms of a person in a white t-shirt.
a man is touching an umbrella.
Half of bench unoccupied by woman.
The empty part of a park bench a woman is sitting on.
the front of a fake horse on the right.
fake horse to the right of the other fake horse.
A man wearing a black suit looks a people on a horse.
There is one old man wearing black dress is touching the horse mouth.
Large piece of green Broccoli sitting on a plate with other foods.
A piece of broccoli on a white plate.
A red toilet with the number 03 on it.
A red toilet sitting with two other toilets.
A mother zebra walks through some grass with it's offspring.
The biggest zebra.
At a zoo, an adult giraffe is in front of two other adults and one baby giraffe.
The giraffe to the furthest left.
A white truck.
a work truck.
glass of juice in table.
The surfboard under the person.
The surf board of the surfer.
the corner of a suitcase to the right of another suitcase.
A white van parked on the street.
A white van parked behind a pole.
The man in the white shirt and brown vest dipping a fork into cake.
A man with a beard, wearing a brown vest, cutting a piece of cake.
the baby elephant.
A baby elephant standing next to a larger elephant.
A green and blue checkered motorcycle that says police on it to the right of an identical bike.
motorcycle in the back closest to the curb.
The second soldier from right is on an all white horse.
The tennis racket that is in the behind the other tennis racket.
An elephant with two women and a man on it.
The elephant in the back of the line.
this is a giraffe covered up by another giraffe.
the giraffe in the background to the right.
A man working his GPS unit.
A skier with a black and blue jacket looking at his phone.
A little girl, dressed for summer, eats a donut.
A girl in a white hat with a pink bow.
The cloth under the child to the right, dark blue.
The blue fabric to the right of the child.
pot in the left most side of the image.
Woman wearing brown tank top with papers in her hand.
A seated woman in a brown tank top and tan pants waving.
A plane with a blue tail and a globe.
The tail end of a white/blue plane with the logo of the world.
A wooden chair to the right of a table.
A grey and white cat that is laying on the seat of the scooter.
cat sitting on the seat of the moped.
A giraffe walking in the savanna.
The larger of two giraffes.
The skis of the person in red.
The skis that the man in the red coat is using.
The first wooden dark vase on the left,  farthest from the Christmas tree.
A recliner on which ther is an orange cushion.
The sole sofa chair.
The bottom half of a person in black pants and dark shoes jumping off of a skateboard.
A person in black pants doing a trick on a skateboard.
A zebra with its tail exposed.
Zebra nursing.
A young Zebra nursing from its mother.
A gentleman wearing a colorful plaid shirt at a restaurant table turns up his chin as he looks at the camera.
A man in a plaid shirt, seated at a restaurant.
two cucumber ends touching each other to form a V shape.
The green stems closest to the camera.
A man in black pants and a white shirt with red and blue stars on it holding a large string instrument.
A man in a black cowboy hat leaning on a double bass.
A light brown desh with boxes on it.
A lady with a hairnet, green shirt, blue undershirt, gloves, earing, and white object in her left hand.
woman on right.
A woman in a red shirt.
A woman with the number 12 on her tank top.
A display on a small white monitor.
the monitor of a small laptop.
Cat nearest the window.
Sitting cat.
A person in a solid green shirt.
A short haired girl in glasses standing in a green shirt with arms crossed.
a plant kept as decorative in a party.
plant behind lady with knife.
The bride in white dress.
Woman in wedding dress who is taking a bite off a utensil.
A table covered with a white table cloth.
A table severd with noodles and pepsi drink on it.
A group of broccoli.
A broccoli tree lying next to an assortment of other vegetables.
a boy up to bat in a black and red uniform.
A bot in a black baseball uniform holding a bat.
A man in a white chef coat and white chef hat.
A manin a chef hat and shirt is watching two women cut vegetables.
Woman with glasses smiling.
A person sitting on a couch.
wood table near the couch.
The portion of teapoy with some papers and plastic lid on it.
an empty bench.
A black bench with no one sitting on it.
A girl wearing shoes with yellow stripes.
A kid wearing a white shirt in-between the two kids wearing blue shirts.
Green wine bottle with white and yellow writing on it.
Zardetto bottle.
The top of a water bottle with  chair legs in the background.
Books on a sofa in a room with a table and Christmas tree.
grey sofa with books and throw pillow on it.
A gnarly carrot, excluding its rightmost appendage.
Carrot with multiple tendrils.
A small cup of syrup.
A small white bowl of syrup.
A pink van with a pig painted on the front.
Pink van with white roof parked on city road.
A yellow labrador dog wearing a black color.
A brown dog standing on a boat.
A giraffe looking at the ground as he hugs another giraffe.
The lighter colored giraffe whose neck is wrapped around the other giraffes.
malaysia plane.
A Malaysia Airlines plane.
table.
a table that a pizza is on.
A standing man in white holding a baseball bat.
A member of the Dodgers team who is ready to go up to homebase and be a batter for the game.
A wood and leather chair.
An empty chair sitting by a table.
the right motorcycle in the right hand picture.
A black bicycle just near the couple.
White table cloth underneat plates and ketchup on a table.
The table in the foreground that the people are sitting at.
green and white chair thats close.
A BEACH NYLON CHAIR IN THE BEACH.
The second suit.
The man that is not wearing a hat.
Dark haired chef man.
the elephant on the left.
An elephant standing far infront of another elephant.
A laptop with a ubuntu sticker on top of it.
Laptop reflecting flash.
A baby duck sits in a pile of sticks.
Brown duck sitting in weeds next to another standing duck.
A baseball catcher.
A baseball catcher squatting behind the plate in a red helmet.
the dog with the black nose who is closest to the pumpkin.
Grey and white dog laying on couch.
A man holding his baby at the zoo.
Man holding a baby.
A silver SUV.
Grey Honda Pilot with taillights on.
A blue color plate kept near the banana.
a blue plate by a banana.
A black and white dog wearing a colorful cape like device.
The big black dog with a flora shirt on.
A large vase on a pedestal with pink, white, and purple flowers.
The boquet on the tall stand is filled with pink, white, and purple flowers.
The man in the white shirt and the brown hat.
The worker at the donut shop wears white and attends to the donut machinery.
A man in a baseball cap sitting in a chair in front of a desk.
a man sits at home watching tv.
White horse with body blocked by other horse.
A row of tall flags.
the tall ship in the harbor with flags on its poles.
TALL BROWN HORSE WALKING IN THE FIELD.
foal standing in the meadow.
A smaller computer monitor with an orange page on the screen, over a sleeping cat.
smaller computer screen with orange and white background, above sleeping cat back.
person in gray button down shirt, seated behind the empty class and sparkler.
The top of a lit sparkler to the left of a glass.
Sugar cubes in a silver jar.
A lovely silver cannister full of sugar cubes sits on a silver tray.
A girl wearing a pink shirt.
a child dance.
An orange dump truck with its back raised up.
Orange dump truck.
skier with red scarf.
The woman skiing in a costume.
the cabbage is on a dish.
The cross-section of a wrapped food item laying on top of its other half.
A female with blonde hair and wearing a black shirt and standing next to a second female wearing a red bandana.
A women with blonde hair that is texting.
A giraffe that is traveling to the left of the frame and looking to the right of the frame.
A giraffe leading two other giraffes towards the camera.
a man with a white shirt that has a blue coller.
A man prepared to hit a tennis ball.
A long french fry is on a plate next to the broccoli.
A long french fry that is curved around and touching the broccoli.
A large brown handbag.
bag of woman in red coat not wearing a hat.
The butt of a whose front half is not visible.
Back side of an elder horse alongwith its long tail is visible.
A giraffe whose face is obscured.
The darker giraffe on the left.
A skyteam airplane is landed in the airport.
An airplaine on the runway getting ready to take off.
The hotdog on the left side of the plate.
the hot dog on the left.
woman in blue.
Young woman in a blue tee shirt.
the sandwhich on the right in the right hand picture.
skier with dark outfit and lighter sleeves following another skier.
A guy cross country skiing with his foot up.
A chair with a do not sign on it.
A table at a restaurant with a glass top over a white tablecloth and a wooden high chair.
Man on the left wearing a green shirt.
man wearing hat.
a girl in blue pajamas.
The girl in the blue pajamas.
Stove top.
A stovetop with 2 silver pans on top.
A dark colored beverage in a glass next to a plate of food.
glass top right corner.
the brown cupf of coffee the person is about to pick up.
The expresso that is above the chocolate donut.
Snowboard being held by guy wearing shiny silver goggles.
black snowboard of male in white jacket on right side of front group.
A yellow boat in between two other boats.
Yellow boat docked between a blue boat and another yellow boat.
A bed in home.
Large bed with gold bedspread in a hotel room.
Couch behind the person wearing headphones.
an ugly couch with someone sitting on it.
smaller white boat with red and blue stripe.
A small rowboat, painted white with red and blue horizontal striping along the hull.
A giraffe stretching his neck way out to get to the green foliage to eat.
A zebra bending over to eat some leaves.
A sofa completely covered with objects on it and behind the man standing.
A couch section directly facing the window.
little girl on yellow surf board.
A YOUNG HAPPY CHILD ON A SURFBOARD IN THE WATER.
Man sitting above two women.
a man sitting on the bench behind a woman.
The brown horse with its tail out.
A brown horse.
A gray chair with blue handles.
a sofa set was on the room.
Couch arm.
An open book lays beneath a phone.
The page of an open book next to a phone.
A woman with dark hair.
A woman with dark hair wearing a collared shirt holding onto a sheep.
The cat nearest the playstation controller.
A black kitten and its brown and black tabby friend watch a monitor featuring two men fishing.
a black dog sitting watch a dog on the television.
A black dog with a collar on.
The large cat sitting on the odd guy's lap.
A brindle cat on the lap of a man.
A woman in a red jacket.
The skiier in the orange jacket.
The clock on the right side of the building.
The clock on the right.
A gray motorcycle being rode by guy with red gloves.
rider to the front of the image.
A half full glass of water behind the plate next to the bowl of fruit.
a half-full glass of water next to a plate of eggs benedict.
A woman sitting on a park bench.
A blurred black and white woman sitting.
a woman with a tank top on.
A woman wearing brown or tan cargo pants.
A car with a dark bumper.
A black color car on the left side, Only wheel and Front bumber are visible.
Man lying in the snow.
A man who seems to have fallen down is laying on his back wearing snow skis.
A plant behind a computer desk.
A plant that is peeking up from behind the left hand monitor.
The top of a parking meter.
A parking meter with a bicycle on it.
The banana nearer the apples.
The banana closest to the apples.
Man playing with a kite and his son.
A man in black shirt and jeans standing holding on to a kite.
a brown dog.
a golden retriever laying down holding a stick.
A bowl of something green and yellow.
The larger of the white bowls.
A kid holding a multi color kite.
A small child playing with a kite.
sheep laying on himself.
a white shhep lying on the ground with his head on its side.
a man in a white shirt and blue jeans jumps using a skateboard.
The guy wearing a white shirt.
Left half of glass coffee table.
a glass coffee table with brown pottery on it.
An open rainbow colored umbrella.
A rainbow colored umbrella.
A person on a snowboard wearing a black jacket and goggles.
A snowboarder in green pants and black coat.
smallest giraffe.
A small giraffe walking under another giraffes neck.
this is the reflection of a cat on a mirror.
The reflection of a cat with red collar, on a mirror.
Boy with black shirt riding elephant.
a boy in a black shirt and blue jeans riding an elephant.
A fork at top left side.
Fork between 2 plates with pizza on.
A statue of a child following two other children.
A statue of a boy with no hat running.
A wooden bench under a man wearing blue jeans.
A man in a yellow shirt and cargo shorts wearing a hat, holding a tennis racket and holding his hand up.
A man in a yellow shirt and khaki shorts high-fiving another player.
The widescreen monitor on the left.
computer screen showing backround.
A man in an orange wetsuit and a blue helmet.
A woman standing in front of a man in a kayak.
A freshly baked veggie pizza.
a piezza in a plate.
A baby zebra in motion.
a baby zebra bucking and kicking.
A man reading to two children in a bunkbed.
A man sitting between two children on a bunk bed reading a book.
A giraffe in a field laying down, surrounded by rocks.
giraffe laying.
the black and grey polka dotted toothbrush.
polka dots toothbrush.
A wooden bench upon which a man sits.
A wooden bench upon which a man sits.
A blond girl with a ponytail wearing a pink jacket.
A blonde girl wearing a pink jacket standing near a giraffe.
The man in a red shirt.
A woman in a blue wrap around skirt, red shirt wearing white sandals.
boy with tennis bat.
A boy swinging a tennis racket.
a black and silver knife in a plate setting.
A flatscreen computer monitor.
A desktop monitor that shows a blue windows login screen.
An orange being held between a palm and pinky finger.
The bottom left orange.
Train with 117 on it.
There is a train on the left that is parked.
The back of a wooden chair in which a child is sitting.
WOODEN CHAIR AND SITTING THE GIRL BABY.
A catcher in red, white, and blue.
Baseball catcher.
A man with a camera.
A man taking a picture of a skateboarder.
The side of a girl, wearing a white headband with blue lettering on it.
The girl in black with a white headband on.
A red bench with two women sitting on it.
a red bench with two women sitting on it.
A brown leather chair in a living room next to a coffee table and couch.
A chair is alone near two tables and a fireplace.
A woman wearing a pink shirt standing next to and grooming a dog.
A Caucausian woman, dressed in pink, grooming a dog.
A man with his right foot up washing it off.
Man washing off his feet in the water.
The slice of pizza in the rear.
The pizza in the back.
A book in which it is written holy bible.
The purple bible.
The white and blue bus with 197 on its digital board.
the bus moving towards the camera.
A box with pizza in it.
table with pizza and rootbeer.
The silver pipe that stands in between two other pipes.
An oven with a missing door.
Oven.
A pizza pie on a serving board with serving tool is pictured next to a wine glass.
backery item besides a cup of drink.
Refrigerator with ice and water in door.
A white fridge with an ice dispenser.
the zebra with the butt facing you.
A gentleman in sunglasses wearing flip-flops attempting to skateboard.
A shaggy-haired man in flip flops on a skateboard.
A man standing in front of an airplane.
man wearing red shirt and white hat.
the chair on the right in the right hand picture.
A black chair sitting at a table.
a hand holding an eaten donut.
A hand holding a bitten donut.
A horse running closest to the camera.
thd donkey leading the other donkey.
The man looking out the window.
a man with star.
The chair closest to the fridge.
left hand chair.
Table with two pizzas and a bottle of Coke on it.
A pizza on the table next to the white napkin.
A double decker bus behind an officer.
A red double decker bus with the words "City Sightseeing" painted on the front and the Union Jack emblazoned on the front and side of it.
a man was on black soot.
A man with a bowtie wearing a sash.
A bus with a red and yellow mural along the side, and says, "Don Tin.".
The colorful bus in front.
A young woman with red hair.
A woman on a train.
A bicyle with a basket on the front of the handle bars.
A glass that is being held by a man with a watch.
Glass of red wine.
A man in blue is playing soccer.
A soccer player in a blue jersey.
A brown and white colored dog sitting on the bench near a boy.
A brown dog sitting on a bench.
White swan lying in the grass.
the swan in front.
Person on the bottom bunk.
The girl wearing rolled up blue jeans and a white shirt reading a book.
A woman wearing a white short and holding a tray with pizza.
A woman in glasses and a white shirt holding a pizza.
Official in a white cap.
the man wearing a blue shirt and a tie.
blond lady in black sweater.
The girl with a black sweater over a white color shirt.
a woman wearing black jacket.
A girl hunched over a desk with a blue long sleeve sweater on.
Two brown teddy bears, one in a red sweater, wearing white disposable diapers.
A teddy bear wearing a red sweater and a diaper.
A tan 2 seater couch surrounds a coffee table.
A beige couch that has a green and beige throw pillow.
An umpire crouched behind home plate.
A catcher wearing blue.
A woman in a long sleeved shirt with some string.
person on right.
A blue bus parked on the side of a yellow bus.
An old blue bus.
A cat standing on a laptop.
A cat standing on a laptop.
bear on right.
a bear attacking.
Couch under reclined man and right of his raised leg.
checkered grey couch.
A cup of coffee with a spoon in it.
a cup of espresso.
A small white sailboat with mast and a blue and yellow flag on it.
A boat with a blue flag floating in the water.
a tea cup.
The mug to the right of the dessert.
Vegetables skewered onto sticks rest atop a white cutting board.
A group of vegetables on skewers on a table.
A giraffe standing and looking toward the camera.
A giraffe facing towards the camera.
a meal in a green bowl with red chopsticks next to a can labeled Coconut.
A kid wearing a red and black jacket.
woman in redcoat fell on snow.
A man doing a trick on a skateboard.
A guy in brown T shirt flying in his skateboard.
Girl in unusual black hat looking at cell phone.
A woman in a black cap with ears checking her red phone.
red truck.
A red truck sitting by a tree.
A bowl of friend Chinese food.
A bowl of cheesy food.
The small portion of a book visible underneath "Tangerine Bear".
the book under the red book.
A baggage cart with the word Chefs on it.
A baseball umpire in black clothes and hat standing behind the catcher.
A catcher at a baseball game wearing all black.
A green and white tent that appears to be falling down and an orange flag.
a tilted green tent behind a girl.
zebra  to the left.
front most zebra.
the woman with a leah around her neck.
A woman holding flowers.
gray cat sleeps on wood floor.
A grey cat on a wooden floor.
A man rides a black and yellow dirtbike.
A motorbike with mirrors.
woman wearing dress with flowers on it.
A blonde woman in a gray dress.
The motorcycle higher in the air.
Two blue motor bikes in the air.
Woman in Green shirt talking with her co-worker.
A woman in a green shirt.
A purple lugagge suitcase with a womans feet next ti it.
A magenta suitcase.
A sandwich to the left of another.
Sandwich to left of other sandwich.
A horse that is darker than the other horse.
Dark brown horse on the right.
Man wearing grey pants picking up a black suitcase at the airport baggage claim.
A man reaching for luggage.
lady in black skirt on bike.
A woman with a skirt on and a helmet sitting on her bike looking directly at the camera.
The sheep looking to the right.
The sheep standing at attention.
This is an orange tabby cat lying on its side.
A MATURE CAT STRETCHING ON A LEATHER COUCH.
The right half of a BLT sandwich on a plate with the left half and a handful of fries.
A sandwich on sesame seed bread with lettuce and a type of meat. The sandwich has a pickle on top of it.
The table umbrella that is further away from the CVS store.
A umbrella on an outside patio.
the furthest away zebra.
A zebra that is behind three zebras.
a woman in a red sweater.
a woman wearing a red shirt with brown hair.
the black car behind the crowed.
A black woman wearing a t-shirt and glasses.
antique looking toy bear dressed in a knitted red sweater.
The bearing wearing a red sweater.
a bright red tour bus.
The red bus with 133 on it.
A boy wearing green and black swim trunks stands on the beach.
Surfer wearing black shorts with surfing board under arm.
Giraff at the left most side among the three.
The smallest giraffe.
a zebra standing up in the brown dirt.
An adult zebra in front of a seated zebra, standing still.
a man wearing glasses and an olive green coat.
Man with glasses and green jacket.
A zebra standing between two other zebras.
The zebra in the middle of the other two zebras.
paper popcorn cup on left side.
blue and red cup with popcorn iinside.
A KID ELEPHANT PLAYING WITH HIS MOTHER.
The elephant is next to the bigger elephant.
Small cell phone to the left of other cell phone.
The small cell phone.
A basketball player wearing blue shorts.
A basketball player in yellow and blue.
A white national express bus.
A long, white bus in a parking lot.
A dog with a white face and snout standing between a black dog and a black cat.
a female dog.
computer monitor.
the computer moniter.
White plane with red tail sitting on far right on runway.
the right airplane in the right hand picture.
A hot dog with onions spread more evenly over it.
A hotdog sitting above another hotdog.
book on the bottom.
The loose bound papers below the books.
A man wearing a red shirt, cutting a cake.
man in read shirt cutting a cake.
A boat to the left of a dark building.
White and red building sitting on the left side of marina.
A lady wearing a purple shirt with a birthday cake.
A server wearing burgandy button up shirt.
The suitcase has a bag sitting on top of it.
Black luggage standing upright next to a woman.
Skier who is sitting down.
The ski boarder sitting on the ground.
The tallest giraffe.
SMILING PUMPKIN CAKE WITH TWO TEETH AND BLUE EYES SITTING IN THE ROSE COLOR LEAFS.
A pumpkin with 2 teeth.
A man wearing a red, white, and blue shirt sitting in a folding chair.
man sitting on a chair.
A chair that is directly behind the woman's left elbow and tucked into a table.
A person with green shirt playing video games.
A man in a green shirt and white hat playing wii.
A wine bottle with no visible label next to a wine bottle being handled.
The bottle not being opened.
a woman feeding a giraffe.
A zoo keeper getting ready to feed.
a boy wearing blue jeans.
Kid in colorful striped shirt.
A woman wearing a silver necklace.
Lady wearing a black dress standing with a man and another woman.
A giraffe whose front portion is seen.
The giraffe the car is heading towards.
A man wearing Apron in front of the display food table.
an old man put his hands in pant pocket.
large umbrella on left.
An open blue and white table umbrella with the supporting spokes showing.
Back of a black train car meant to carry liquid sitting still on the train tracks.
The back of the oil car.
The bowl with purple salad ingredients.
A bowl of red cabbage salad.
A man in a large white shirt holding a black device.
A man holding mobile.
a reddish brown leather couch with a thin pillow on it.
A sofa facing a fireplace.
A captain speaking to a lady captain.
The man in the hat,.
A half sandwich behind another half sandwich on a plate.
The half of the sandwhich that is mostly blocked.
The cake that is set in front of the girl signing the reception book.
Four tier blue and white cake.
the child is playing base ball.
A baseball player holding a bat.
A urinal to the right of the sink.
The urinal on the wall.
partial parking meter.
LAYING DOWN ZEBRA.
A zebra lying down behind another zebra with its back turned.
A blue truck with the word 'international' on it.
A blue pick up truck.
A bald older white man in a blue shirt and blue pants.
A man in a blue shirt with his hands behind his back.
a white and orange helicopter with the numebr 1790 on it.
A Coast Guard plane on the runway.
A man with a large earring eating cake.
A man with glasses and a suit on.
A silver microwave.
The microwave that is smoking.
A BOY SITTING NEAR TABLE WEARING ORANGE T-SHIRT.
boy with orange t-shirt.
a man carrying a bow.
A great man with bow and arrow.
a blond dog with a black snout and black fringed ears lieing with its tail near white chair.
Tan dog laying down in the middle of the floor to the right of the basket.
The couch in front of the window.
A couch in front of a window.
Black umbrella.
A plain black umbrella.
green salad in a bawl.
The salad to the right of the hotdogs and corn.
biker with backpack.
the man biking away.
A small bear with its mouth closed.
A cub landing near the beer.
A surfboard in the sand with a girl in a bikini.
surf board on the left side.
End exotic seafood dish with Bread.
A motorcycle with its headlight on.
The motorcycle with its headlight on.
A man in a Western shirt and glasses posing with another man in front of a television.
a man wearing glasses and a gray button down shirt with black trim.
table woman in blue sweater is sitting at.
Table in front of seated woman.
Child pitching a baseball.
A young boy throwing a ball.
A dish with asparagus on top.
Skier wearing a blue and red jacket.
adult skiing.
A jet closest to a group of hangers in an airfield.
The plane behind.
A man in a blue shirt about hit a backhand during tennis.
A TENNIS PLAYER.
duck sitting on wooden railing behind standing duck.
The duck in the back.
a woman with a green shirt.
A woman in a shirt and jean skirt playing tennis.
Yellow bus with a small black arrow on a sign pointing to it.
The bus on the far left, half off screen.
A grey juvenile elephant.
A baby elephant at the back.
A black baseball player with two white players.
a baseball player standing in the middle of two other baseball players.
Man in red shirt.
The person with red and white.
Giraffe leaning forward.
A giraffe stretches its neck downward and forward toward onlookers at a zoo.
a giraffe looking down.
A zebra prancing.
A boy wearing red t-shirt whose hair is golden.
A child wearing red t-shirt is repairing the machine with his dad.
the beige couch.
A BEAUTIFUL WHITE SOFA.
Aeroplane in the bottom side.
A black bench.
The black bench has three women sitting on it.
A blue bumbo seat with a bear in it near a toddler and another person sitting at a red table.
A blue child's seat.
A large piece of cake at the middle of the table.
a half eaten birthday cake.
the vase in the left.
A tall silver Grey plant vase.
A woman in a black and white top.
a woman with short blonde hair, sitting at the table eating and listening.
large dark shadow on the fence.
the blurry shadow figure behind the fence in the center.
the silver car on the left.
A silver car in front of two other cars.
A woman wearing sunglasses and a braid riding on the back of an elephant.
THE SMILING GIRL IN THE LEFT WITH GOLDEN HAIR.
The boy wearing black & white shirt.
The kid wearing black & white T-shirt playing football.
A big red color trolley bag.
A large red suit case with a red bow on the top.
A green inflatable lizard.
A inflatable kite that looks like a gecko.
Chair on left side of table.
A white shirt with gray tie and suit coat highlighted with a white flower in the lapel.
the suit on the far right.
The two zebra eating.
the zebra in the back.
A man in a striped shirt walking.
Man with short black hair, blue and white striped shirt, and blue jeans on.
the top left piece of cake.
slice of pizza directly in the middle closest to the camera.
Tan teddy bear with a red hat.
A bear has 'smile' written on its shirt.
MAN.
A man in a red shirt and a wooden tie.
the woman with blue shorts and a white shirt.
a girl wearing blue shorts\.
A SUV with a green sticker on the window.
a dark sub going through a green light on a busy street.
A large, black traveling bag.
The bigger black suitcase.
girl with stripped shirt starting at sandwich.
girl with red and yellow stripes in a white color dress.
The Imac computer monitor.
The back onf the iMac computer.
a black pull along cabin sized suitcase.
black color trolley pulling by man.
A light green color tooth brush.
A blue brush closest to a man's head.
Black luggage next to a red bag and a gray backpack.
A black suitcase and man's elbow to the right of a red suitcase.
boat named cambria.
cambria sign.
A blue and green checkered car.
A silver, green, and blue checkered car next to some motorcycles.
the khaki bag that has a silhouette of a person on it beside the leg in black plaid shorts.
green and black bag laying in grass.
A woman with a catchers mitt on.
A woman standing and wearing a baseball glove.
Small giraffe standing with a big one.
The smallest giraffe.
A magazine about fish.
A magazine with a black cover for fishermen.
woman brushing teeth.
Woman brushing her teeth.
An open laptop computer.
open laptop computer on lap.
A catcher is playing baseball.
A catcher getting ready to catch a pitch.
A black remote control.
One silver and one black remote control with a blue and white digital thermometer.
A very happy looking young man standing in his blue graduation cap and gown smiling and holding onto his diploma.
A man in a blue graduation robe.
the elephant facing the camera on the right.
An elephant with a dirty brown trunk.
A man in a grey shirt and jeans leaning on a traffic cone.
man in green shirt.
man on left.
a man leaning his head on his elbow.
carrot touching potatoes.
The carrot which is very next to potatoe.
A man with a receding hairline standing in a field focused on something.
an asian man wearing a manny pacquiao shirt standing in a field.
Man in blue skull ap with green backpack skiiing down a slope.
A man skiing in snow with his friend.
There is brocoile and carrot peices in a bowl.
A bowl having barccoli and carrot.
woman holding snowboard.
A person with a pink face maks is standing holding onto a snowboard that has the letter P on it.
A ZEBRA IS SEARCHING FOR HIS FOOD IN THE ZOO.
small zebra facing left.
A large knife with a red handle and the word Farberware etched on the blade.
Baby animal laying down in the front.
A tan baby lamb is curled on the hay covered ground with two lambs behind him.
An empty red chair.
a solid pink bright chair.
A person dressed in green and white, standing on a snowboard.
a guy in a green and white snowsuit gives a thumbs-up.
The red sttpolight.
traffic light that is red.
The jar with fruit and yogurt.
A jar of berries and cream.
A gray stripped tabby cat with white feet behind a second cat.
The black and grey cay is looking at the cieling.
stop board.
AN OLD MAN WITH HER GRANDCHILD ON HIS HAND.
the old grandpa.
A boy with a white and green trousers holding something in his hands.
A man with a white shirt holding a video camera.
A man wearing a blue hat.
zoo employee in blue shirt and blue hat.
a coat sticking out on the left.
A random coat can be seen cut out of the picture.
Glass container with red interior.
A candle holder on a crowded table.
An ethnic soup dish in a white bowl.
A bowl of soup with two chilli peppers on top.
A chair partly visible and to which the cat is looking.
A chair to the right of a cat.
A meter.
an expired parking meter.
A large elephant with a star tattoo on its hind.
Grown elephant on the ground at the zoo with a baby elephant walking on sand.
a blue cake with a candle on it that a little boy is lighting.
An airplane with a red, white, and blue painted tail end.
Airplane that has a red, white, and white tail.
There is a hot dog next to the drink in the clear cup.
a hot dog right next to a beer.
A woman with dark clothes reading.
A woman standing in front of a multicolored statue of an elephant.
A kite in the air, flown by a boy in a red and black jacket.
The green, red, and yellow kite.
A white cup of chocolate with four streaks falling from its lip.
Chocolate in a white mug.
A man wearing a green shirt with a panda on it holding a Wii remote.
A man wearing a green t-shirt playing a video game with a woman.
kensway truck.
A kensway motor truck.
A man wearing a gray dress shirt holding pizza.
A man holding an uncooked pizza, wearing glasses and a knit shirt.
A man wearing a black shirt and black pants with his hands on his knees near another man playing tennis.
a  old man  standing and seeing.
Tall computer monitor that is gray in color and has a white box open on the screen.
computer monitor sitting on desk.
A person in a green and white jacket skiing.
skier fell on ski hill.
A man standing with a little girl.
a man standing in the street with a child.
a man was sitting on chari.
A man with a grey hoodie working on a laptop.
A zebra walking between two other zebras.
The middle zebra in the herd of three.
A large man with a flat cap.
A man with a beard and glasses.
a wooden bench a man in a black shirt & black jeans is sitting on.
A wooden bench.
a man in a buttoned up black coat.
A man wearing blue jeans examining wine.
a person wearing a white shirt leaning against a partition to the right of a man in a grey suit looking at the camera.
Screen cloth for a window in a  vehicle.
A brown colored net chair near the table lamp.
A wooden chair with a cane seat pushed under the side of a table.
Fork closest to front plate.
a fork is on the table to eat the cake.
A zebra eating grass between two other zebras.
A zebra eating grass standing between two other zebras.
A zebra has its head resting on two other zebras.
The zebra on the top of the other two zebras.
A woman in shorts petting a zebra.
Woman wearing visor.
child on left.
A little boy sitting on a lawn chair.
The skateboard the skater is using.
the couch half with the dog on it.
The couch to the left of the woman.
Big giraffe on the right of a baby giraffe.
the back end of an adult giraffe to the right of a baby giraffe on the ground.
A black dog on the right hand side of the man holding.
Dog with visible tail.
A long yellow bus driving down the street past a building and a row of bicycles.
The street car.
A girl in a white shirt sitting at a dinner table with her hands under the table.
The woman in the white shirt.
The brown bench in the third step to becoming a table.
the table in the bottom left segment.
A woman holding a water bottle.
A blonde woman talking to a man to her left.
A chair that a man in a brown jacket is sitting in.
The chair of the person in the brown sweater.
A small brown cow standing outside.
A brown cow standing up.
Two blue airplanes beside another blue airplane on an airport's runway.
The green outdoor umbrella is shading the ox.
The umbrella is green and shading people from the sun.
A man with short white hair and wearing a black jacket.
A old man wearing a jerkin on him.
The airplane.
A large aircraft approaching.
A woman wearing a turtleneck and jeans.
A woman in a light green turtleneck sweater sitting on the beach at night.
A boy sitting on the side of a sofa and playing ps4 game.
a kid playing a game.
glass with clear liquid in it.
A glass of ice water.
Giraffe tail on far right side of photograph.
a white airplane that people are lined up to get on.
the small airplane that you get a full view of.
A man is wearing green camp pants and green shirt and is right in front of desk.
a man wearing the green t shirt.
A woman sitting in a chair.
The person sitting in the small blue chair.
An old refrigerator left open.
refrigerator with an open door.
An adult zebra eating grass while standing next to a small zebra.
Zebra grazing in the grass.
A man wearing a green shirt and jeans playing a game with his family.
A man in a green shirt playing croquet.
Part of train seat occupied by woman.
A bus seat under the woman.
a woman in a brown and white outfit riding a bike with a pointy hat.
A woman wearing floral dress riding a cycle.
blue dress.
The blue shirt.
The big iced drink.
A silver SUV is parked in the parking lot of a baseball game.
A silver SUV parked facing away.
folded chair on left.
A folded chair leaning against a wall.
animal on the right.
The ram on the right.
a white bowl of chopped onions.
the bowl of chopped vegetables next to the cubes.
man playing tennis in the right side of the image.
Right side tennis player.
A man in a striped blazer rides a moped.
An older couple riding together on a light green scooter.
The end of the cake not covered in white frosting.
A slice of dessert with a piece that the fork is about to cut.
man holding dog and stuffed animal.
This is a man holding both a fake puppy and a real puppy.
The smallest giraffe that is behind a bush.
The plane to the left of the orange tipped jet.
building behind plane.
a brown chair with a satchel on it.
A brown chair near a woman.
A young man in a disc golf course park who is wearing a white and black tee shirt and blue jeans.
A man wearing a white and black t-shirt and blue jeans holding something in hand.
The man with the scissors.
The man shearing the sheep.
Man blue shirt, blue jeans, and glasses playing game with two remotes in his hand.
an asian on the right wearing a blue shirt.
The glass with dark liquid that is sitting on the table.
A 3/4 full cup of soda with straw and ice in it.
The girl wearing glasses.
Two kids sitting in chairs.
the wooden becnh that has three little holes in it.
The bench whose seat is the only part visible and is closest.
The seat on the right of the plane.
The portion of the blue seatback closest to the window.
A small white teddy bear wearing red.
White bear in red shirt.
The clock with the hands showing.
The clock in the center.
A woman in a black blouse eats food.
A woman wearing a Black shirt.
A completely visible orange wedge in the 3 o'clock position on a plate.
A half orange slice at the right side of the plate.
Elephant with a man touching its trunk.
An elephant being touched on the trunk by a man.
Cow closest to person and legs of other cow.
The cow that is next to the woman..
A baseball player wearing grey uniform ready to pick the ball.
A baseball player waiting for the baseball to be thrown to him so he can catch it.
a large orange cat sitting on a suitcase.
An orange cat sitting next to a black cat upon a suitcase.
An empty gray suitcase next to a cat.
Empty dark grey suitcase.
A 3 tier wedding cake.
A multi tiered white wedding cake with black bands and red swirls, with a bride and groom cutting it.
A fork next to the cake with pink frosting on a plate.
The spoon.
steel spoon in the image.
MAN ON RIGHT.
a man wearing a black shirt at dinner.
A boy wearing black jacket.
man with black jacket in the left side of the image.
A redheaded girl playing soccer in a blue uniform that says the number 3 on it.
A woman in blue t-shirt playing soccer.
the left two and right two lemon.
The lemons on the righ in the picture to the right.
bottom layer of cake.
The bottom layer of a birthday cake beside four people in the White House.
a man was operating lap top.
A man with a gray shirt typing on his computer.
Umbrella held by a girl in red coat.
umbrella above the middle woman's head.
Larger couch of the two in room.
black color couch in the right side of the image.
The surfboard the man is waxing.
The red surf board that is being waxed.
The back end of a cow to the right of a pale gold-colored cow.
A cow to the right of two other cows.
The large sofa.
A brown sofa in the living room.
Table top between the woman in glasses and the seated man.
Wooden table with a cake.
A horse eating grass.
A dark brown donkey eating grass.
A young boy with black hair wearing a striped shirt.
the little boy in his moms arms.
a blond woman wearing a white outfit and veil with orange sash.
a woman.
Shredded carrots on the lower right side of the plate.
A sofa chair having white cushion on it.
White pillow lying on chair.
Zebra to the left of other zebra.
Zevra on the left side of the picture.
The half of the sandwich that is closest to the mug.
The half of the sandwhich that has a red toothpick in it.
shorter man who is wearing coat and vest.
A short man in a dark suit.
A wooden spoon that was used to eat a chocolate cake.
older lady adjusting tie.
A woman with glasses has her arms extended.
Bus with license plate YNO4AJV.
The bus on the right, with people standing next to it.
This flowerwash is made by glass.
A glass vase that is holding sunflowers and water.
A man wearing a brown jacket with a plaid shirt.
The gentleman wearing a barn jacket, who is standing in front of the horse, and next to the woman. He is wearing white sneakers.
Donut with light purple icing.
A pink doughnut sitting on a plate.
A person in a green sweatshirt looking at a phone with purple stained hands.
sunburned girl in hoodie.
The white and black cat that is laying on the bed.
A black and white cat, lying on the back of a couch.
Girl underneath umbrella.
A little girl underneath a Minnie mouse umbrella.
a woman with long brown hair and a blue jacket.
A person walking away from the catcher.
An orange to the right of another orange.
An orange is positioned behind a red apple.
man with mustache sitting down.
the man sitting in the chair on the left.
A Dark Brown Horse holding its head high.
Horse on the right.
The man in the striped t shirt.
A barefoot man in a striped tshirt sits chatting with a woman.
A baseball batter.
A baseball player weaing a white uniform and blue helmet and holding a bat.
The chair on which the little girl is sitting.
A wooden chair on which the child is sitting.
LINES MAN.
The man with the green shirt.
An adult German Shepard with a blue collar sitting in a car next to a puppy.
A black and brown colored dog with a small dog.
A giraffe with its head disappearing behind a tree.
A large giraffe with its head buried in food.
A man holding a garbage pail.
man holding a bucket.
the messenger bag on the man's shoulder.
Black messenger bag.
A man in a vest driving a jet ski.
man driving jet ski.
Back pack with thick expose zipper on the back of a woman holding on umbrella.
A backpack.
small pile of leafy greens on the counter and directly below the switchplate.
A leafy green that has an orange rubberband around it and is lying down on the table and not propped up with the other leafy greens.
A woman in a black jacket and brown beanie looking at and typing on her cell phone.
A woman with a hat looks at her phone.
A black cellphone.
Large device with phone number on it.
A man in a long sleeve black shirt.
person wearing glasses and black shirt.
A tennis player swings a racket.
A tennis player on white shorts playing.
A white parrot along with other coloured parrots sitting on the shoulder of a boy.
A white bird sitting on the little boy.
A white vehicle directly behind the bus.
A black cow grazing in the grass.
A larger sheep to the left of two smaller sheep.
An adult sheep with two smaller lambs.
A woman with short curly hair facing away from the girl on her phone.
The skiier in the middle with the red, white, and black jacket.
A boy pointing at a woman.
Kid pointing at his mom.
Boat under man and dog.
the boat the man and dog are on.
The chool bus next to the van.
A school bus that is travelling in the middle of a grey car and another bus.
a man in white dress is sitting on chair.
A balding man in white sitting in a chair.
A person in brown skiing.
person riding snow board wearing brown and yellow clothes.
Man with long hair and light colored brown shirt petting a hippo.
The back of a man with wet black hair and gray shirt to the left of a woman with a black shirt.
The left hand of a person.
the hand holding the cheese.
A man on a skateboard wearing a hat and shorts.
A man skation on the skating board.
A man holding his skis up over his shoulder.
A guy holding his skis on the top of his head.
The remaining cheese pizza.
The pizza on the right plate.
Motorcycle that the pregnant woman is on.
The orange and grey motorcycle with the pregnant woman on it.
A man in a green shirt on the bench.
Man with his legs crossed sitting on the left side of the bench.
A twin whose legs are crossed.
the man on the left in the right hand picture.
A boy in short clothing reaches with his hands high in the air.
A young man playing frisbee.
The meter that you cannot see.
A green meter at the back.
A SOFA BEHIND A LADY WITH HER CHILD.
woman in white dress sitting on bench.
A woman in a white strapless dress.
pillow on yellow couch.
yellow couch with pillow.
The person in the green shirt.
A man in Green.
A drooping plant sits atop a stone coffee table in front of a brown sofa.
a flower pot on the table.
gray recliner with floral throw on it.
A single seater sofa on the living room.
A man in a black shirt eating pizza.
A man eating pizza.
A laptop screen, with a yellow eraser right under it.
The monitor of the man's laptop in the foreground of the picture.
luxurious train.
The side of the train next to the man with pink luggage.
At cat looking at his reflection.
A black and white cat looking in the mirror.
The closest hand railing on the bench.
Bench that does not have people sitting on it.
A man on a laptop.
The man sitting at his laptop.
Orange chair behind the one the bird is on.
a red chair in the background.
The furthest zebra.
a giraffe with 2 other giraffes standing in front of it.
the farthest left projection screen with pictures on it.
screen tv with four slides.
bag with its zip open placed in the middle.
Grey suitcase in the middle.
A batter with white pants.
Baseball player waiting on pitch at home plate.
light colored couch with red pillows on it.
a couch with red pillows.
Woman pulling a suitcase.
A woman in a purple sweater, pulling a suitcase.
A dark haired man smoking a cigarette.
Young man with his sleeves rolled up, smoking a cigarette.
A zebra standing to the right of another zebra.
two zebras stand side by side in a wooded area with trees.
A woman with a hat, sunglasses and winter coat having an outdoor meal with three others.
A woman in black sitting in between 2 men and 1 women.
man holding his head.
Man in glasses and striped shirt on right side of the picture.
a person wearing a black cap.
man wearing blue shirt gray shorts holds a bat up.
A young man with short spiky hair wearing glasses and a dark grey suit jacket over a striped shirt.
MAN WITH STRIPED SHIRT AND GLASSES.
Giraffe looking towards trees.
A tall, brown and white giraffe in the background, facing away from the camera.
A leafy green plant near a shelf and the corner of the room.
A large potted plant sitting on the ground.
Desktop screen with item shown on a webpage.
A computer monitor with a Red, white and blue image on the screen.
a chair with a grey cushion in front of the table.
The laptop of the man wearing green.
An Apple laptop held by a man in a green sweatshirt.
A young man wearing a black hat and white headphones, jumping in the air on a skateboard.
A man in a white shirt and black pants jumps his skateboard over a rock.
woman image in mirror.
lady image in mirror.
The bed end has a shawl hanging on it.
older model blue truck with white trim.
A blue and white truck.
A horse stands between two horses.
The horse's body without a head visible.
An electric toothbrush with a green button.
A white electric toothbrush with a shorter one placed behind it, next to an old cell phone.
A blue suitcase in a room next to boxes.
The dark blue luggage is wedged between otherluggage on one side and a box on the other.
Back half of a white compact car with the letter N on the side.
a white compact car facing right.
The soccer player dressed all in white.
A soccer player in mid-air wearing an all-white uniform.
the white backpack that is below the girl with the orange shirt.
gray and green backpack.
A black dog sleeping above another one.
A small black dog with pointed years.
The long white train with red doors.
The red and white train going to the right.
A boy in red shirt.
A little boy plays baseball and hits the ball.
A police man standing near bike parking.
A person in a tan uniform with a hand on top of a helmet.
Person behind the brown donut.
The person in the black sweater with the white zipper.
the cream colored blanket under the desk.
Beige pillow on the right of the chair.
A serving of grapes in a white bowl.
A bowl containing grapes on a vine.
An Asian lady in shorts running without the frisbee.
A girl with a gray shirt playing frisbee.
a blue minivan beside a garbage truck on a street.
Blue minivan moving on the street with other vehicles.
The guy on the right it's vending to the side to perform a specific action on this Wii game.
A man with lined t-shirt, playing the video game.
A piece of bread being held in a persons hand.
A small chunk of bread in the mans hand.
a long metal table with silverware on top.
the back table.
Dark Blue luggage on a conveyor belt.
A blue piece of luggage.
The bulb of a wine glass on the left of a bowl of fruit.
glass of wine.
pizza.
a slice of pizza in the left upper corner of the box.
bear on left.
a man standing.
man standing near the elephant.
white spoon on white plate with black table underneath and peanut butter on spoon.
spoon on left.
vase on right.
A giraffe bends it's head down towards other giraffes.
the foremost giraffe that is necking with another giraffe.
a baseball player taking a swing.
A baseball batter swinging at bat.
A dark skinned women with braids in a tan outfit.
The woman in the middle without any sort of cloth in her hair.
The man painted gold.
A man with his body painted gold wearing shorts and no shirt.
The smallest piece of luggage.
A dark red square bag with golden and red handle.
glass right top corner.
A glass of water on the table next to a plate of meat with salad on top.
Man holding a kite in indoors, wearing green jacket, red tshirt and blue jeans.
A man in an orange shirt and vest holding a kite.
Cycles Chain.
the bike's chain.
A wine glass with lighter colored wine filled up to 1/4 of the cup.
A wine glass with pale pink wine that is next to another glass that has a darker pink wine.
Hunched man.
A young man wearing a setter, doing something in a laptop.
Blue jean clad child on skateboard.
A person on a skate board wearing a brown and tan shirt and blue jeans.
A man in a blue shirt and white cap.
A man in a blue shirt and white cap watching his friend fly a kite.
The apple computer farthest from the camera.
A silver laptop closest to the piano.
A zebra bent over grazing for food.
a zebra on the left of the group.
A player who is standing near the rod.
The man shown behind the batter.
An empty wooden chair with letters and a cat in front of it.
A chair with a red cushion on it sitting in front of a table with two envelopes on it.
#14 throwing ball.
A baseball player throwing a ball in front of another baseball player.
the racing bike, having white and black colors.
white colour motor cycle.
The bearded man playing the organ.
a man playing the organ.
the horse with the white mane.
A horse with brown tail on who a person with grey cap is sitting.
a tv on a yellow table with a tabby cat on the screen.
The monitor on the table with a picture of an orange cat.
a red double decker bus between two.
A two deck bus in between two other two deck buses.
The person in the brown tshirt.
A person trying to grab to empty glasses.
A man swinging a bat.
Batter swinging wearing a red shirt with catcher and umpire behind him.
a white boat.
boat with horse on it.
A larger man wearing a brown shirt in front of two kids playing guitar hero.
A man in a brown shirt pointing.
Gray boat in water.
Boat in which a woman is sitting.
The elephant with both feet on the ground and not in the water.
the last elephant in the row.
Swan which is to the right of another one.
Goose with smoother feathers on the right side, further back.
The motorcycle on the man's right.
A glazed jelly donut with white frosting and sprinkles on it.
A white frosted donut with sprinkles.
the truck facing away from the photographer.
A white truck to the side of the plane.
A cooked carrot on a plate with another carrot on top of it.
A long uncut and cooked carrot laying on a plate with another carrot laying on it.
sandwich with egg inside it.
the sandwich fast in back of another sandwich ass.
a red bicycle chained up between 2 other bikes.
A red bike is parked on the sidewalk.
a hand that is reaching out for food.
An arm reaching out.
The leg of a tennis player.
The leg of a man playing tennis.
A man in front of some shelves.
A man in a striped shirt and short and not wearing any shoes.
A black cat drinking from the sink.
A black cat.
There is a piece of sandwich on the left side of the plate.
A pile of pasta on a table.
Spaghetti noodles with grated cheese.
bike.
The bicycle that the boy is pushing through the grass.
A potted plant.
a plant.
A white cow is eating grass.
white cow on the left eating grass.
Adult arms holding a baby up.
arms of an adult holding up child.
decorated table.
Table with white table cloth over it and things are kept on it behind the lady.
The second book in the stack entitled, Polymer Clay Surface Design Recipes.
three book s on polymer clay in a stack.
The girl in the red shirt.
girl wearing black shorts.
A woman in yellow playing tennis.
A tennis player in yellow.
A giraffe standing in front of a second giraffe in a field.
giraffe on the left.
The oranges in the back.
Oranges stacked in a bowl.
catcher kneeling and wearing mostly red.
The catcher.
A white horse.
A white horse being ridden by an officer next to a fence.
A large pizza with melted cheese and various toppings.
A boy in black pant is doing tricks in skating with hand wide apart.
A boy riding a skateboard.
The zebra in the middle.
zebra grazing in grass standing between two other zebras.
a giraffe with a long and twisted-looking neck with three other giraffes  looking around.
the far left giraffe facing right.
A stuffed bear holding a Starbucks cup.
a bear with a cup of coffee.
a girl sleeping in left couch.
a young girl asleep.
A racket being held by a woman in blue.
The racket of the girl in blue.
The partial figure of another person.
The right side of a person standing beside a female snowboarder.
A tall woman almost doing the splits to try to reach her goal.
A female tennis player wearing a yellow and red outfit reaching for a shot.
A young baseball player wearing a yellow and green jersey and yellow cap.
A little boy in a green and yellow baseball uniform.
a black car.
a small black car by bus.
a car with a dog inside.
A brown car with a white dog in the back window.
A woman in a grey sweater moving her arm.
Woman in gray long-sleeved shirt wearing glasses.
the skis the boy is blue is holding.
White children's snow skis.
hand holding a plastic squeeze bottle with yellow liquid in it.
a hand of a man holding the glass.
A rounded white plate with two eggs cooked.
two slices of hard boiled egg.
A sheep nuzzling a baby sheep.
an older sheep next to a baby.
The largest monitor in between two smaller ones.
The large Mac computer on the hdesk.
A beer bottle.
A bottle of beer sitting on a table next to a plate of food.
the elephant with its back to the camera on the left'.
An elephant nearly fully behind the lead elephant.
A zebra standing behind another zebra.
A zebra standing behind another zebra.
The recliner on which the woman is sitting.
The chair the woman is sitting on.
The zebra on the right.
The closest zebra in view.
A female tennis player wearing a short skirt, holding a wine bottle in her hand.
The woman in the photo.
A pump bottle of Cool Mint Listerine.
A bottle of cool mint listerine.
Surfer on the water.
A man surfing wearing a blue and black wetsuit.
Two giraffes with crossed necks.
two giraffes passing each other in an exhibit.
left and center is a plate of a rolled object.
A woman wearing glasses and a pony tail is lounging in a chair next to a bench.
a women is taking rest.
A piece of broccoli on a plate.
a cluster of broccoli on a plate.
A woman catching a frisbee wearing black shorts.
A woman in a black sweater playing with a frisbee along with others.
a stuffed baked apple to the front left of 3 other apples.
snacks in a table.
Little boy wearing blue shirt and holding a pepper grinder in his hand.
Baby holding pepper shaker.
The male frisbee player in a white shirt.
The main in white facing the frisbee.
A dark-skinned man in a blue polo shirt.
A young man standing barefoot on a concrete floor in baggy shorts and a blue shirt.
An old man with goatee and grey tshirt and black pants.
a man wearing a gray tshirt leaning against a counter.
A boy in khaki pants holds a tennis racket.
A person wearing khaki pants and white tennis shoes.
A MAN WEARING WHITE COLOR T SHIRT AND SHORTS TRY  TO CATCH THE THROWING PLATE.
Boy in white shirt leaping into the air on the left side of field.
A skateboarder.
Man performing a jumping trick on skateboard.
The catcher behind home plate wearing blue and white gear.
Baseball catcher ready to catch a baseball, wearing blue protective gear.
the reflection of the silver car.
reflection of grey car on the right in the right hand picture.
A ZEBRA SITTING ON THE GRASS.
zibera in the zoe.
A MAN WEARING THE PURPLE COLOR TSHIRT AND FRONT SIDE BROWN COLOR CAT.
Faceless person wearing red.
The zebra nearest to the emu.
This is a zebra that is black and white stripped.
A long rectangular table with white table cover having cakes, paper plates, pens and paper on it.
A Folding table is set up with cakes on top.
Chocolate mousse on a white plate with a strawberry and ice cream.
the chocolate dessert on the left side of the plate.
A bed with a controller on it.
The bed with the game remote contoller on it.
A hot dog on a seeded bun.
Chili dog with cheese.
A small baby elephany with it's trunk up.
baby elephant.
A silver laptop, with a person using an apple mouse.
There is black chair in front Lamp table.
A black desk chair.
The oven part of a range stove with a hand towel decorated with a rooster hanging from the handle.
Black door of oven.
A tall giraffe in front of two other giraffes.
the closest giraffe.
Person eating a slice of pizza.
A child wearing an orange shirt eating pizza.
A grey and black laptop keyboard, with a sticker.
A keyboard that is part of the laptop to the right.
a molly bakes banner attached to the table.
A table of molly bakes brand cakes on it.
A rusted pair of old looking scissors hanging on a wall.
lime next to plate of food.
Green lime on table.
A zebra is in front of another zebra grazing grass.
A zebra eating grass in front of another zebra.
A girl in a white shirts and black skirt holding a map.
A girl with orange hair.
the man with seven number trouser.
The body of player 7/.
The smiling man.
The guy with a black t-shirt.
glass with wine in the hand of a man.
A wine glass with red.
A colorful umbrella over a peron in a red chair.
Blue beach umbrella with a circle design set furthest from the water.
A round glass on the right side of a tray.
An empty clear cup on a tray of food.
The behind of the zebra on the right.
The butts and tails of two zebras.
A zebra laying in the grass.
A small zebra sitting on the shado of tree.
A plate of chicago style deep dish pizza with parmasean cheese and a drink.
A wooden table that a man is eating pizza on.
the giraffe in the middle.
The center giraffe.
A tan suitcase on top of a larger tan suitcase.
A tan suitcase is strapped behind red chairs.
a boy wear a black cap and black dress.
A person sitting on the couch wearing a beanie.
The closest chair, on the right side of the table.
A blue car with a passenger in the back.
a dark grey car behind an older woman in a coat.
purple alien kite.
A kite shaped like a octopus.
The zebra on the right who has more dark stripes.
The zebra looking forward.
A black train.
The steam train moving through the water.
The woman getting nailed.
A woman having sex with a person in a rabbit costume.
A police car parked next to a sidewalk.
This is a white police cruiser.
A lady wearing coolers and holding an empty glass and a mobile phone.
A woman in a tank top that is holding a plastic cup and looking at her phone.
A man with black hair and glasses drinking wine.
A white man wearing glasses and a checkered shirt is drinking wine out of a wine glass.
The chair and glass table on the left.
a chair by the wall in a bedroom.
A younger man wearing a white polo shirt and watching an older man play a video game.
A man in a white polo watches a business man play the wii.
speed boat in water and people in boat.
A blue and white speed boat.
A person with long curly hair playing the wii.
A person in red trying to reach something.
The tallest giraffe.
The man with the yellow tie.
A man with a yellow tie.
A white bowl of cherry tomatoes sitting on the counter.
A white bowl that has round food products in it.
woman kicking ball.
A girl in black kicking a ball.
A long appetizer next to dipping sauce.
A large elephant is in the wild.
the foremost elephant on the left.
a house with a horse on top.
top layer of cake with stuffed animal.
brown dog squatting on white and black dog.
rear of dog sitting on another dog.
A very small pizzajust coming out of the over with another pizza slightly on top of it.
A Chair in the background with a girl sitting in it with a red coat over the back of it.
the chair under the pink jacket.
The left hand of a person.
The left hand that is holding the cats head.
A man with red T-shirt.
Boy with a orange shirt.
brown leather chair in room.
Empty wooden-armed leather chair.
The man wearing the zip-up shirt behind all the other men.
A man with his arms behind his back.
A man that is bald in a gray polo.
A man wearing a gray patterned shirt sitting next to a child.
The man in the LA hat.
A MAN WEARING BLUE COLOR CAP AND WHITE COLOR SHOE SITTING WITH TWO MORE.
The bottom of a skateboard.
Skateboard in air with red detal on the bottom.
person in blue and black shirt in the right hand picture.
A woman with checkered blue dress.
A FATHER OF A KID TRAINING TO SWIM WITH SEASKATER.
A white color table with pizza on it.
white table in the image.
A man sitting on a bench feeding pigeons.
a man sitting on a bench holding pigeons.
The horse that has the number 10.
A race horse with a purple saddle on it being ridden by someone wearing orange.
The open book, resting on top of the keyboard.
An open book with very small print and several bold words on the pages.
A persons white shirt sitting next to the 2-year old child.
A man in a blue shirt sitting behind the boy with the birthday cake.
Blond haired girl holding 2 wii remotes.
A young blonde girl in a red shirt.
The part of the table that is in front of the food boxes.
A set of cutlery sitting next to a glass of wine.
KNIFE IN THE MIDDLE NEAR WINE GLASS.
A man in sky blue suit eating some ice cream.
pineapple and ham pizza on the top rack of the holder.
A pizza on the top tray.
Red and silve trainer stopped in front of yellow barrier.
a white and red train on the left.
the floral pattern detail close-up.
Zoomed in section of vase.
the elephant that is closest to the camera.
African elephant intimidating camera.
A man jumping on a skateboard.
The man on the skate board.
the dishes wanted to be washed.
a sink full of dirty dishes with cups inside a bowl.
someone standing in a pink shirt next to the cake.
A pink shirt.
Empty plastic container.
A batter bunting the ball.
A baseball player in full uniform holding a baseball bat.
Girl in a longsleeve grey shirt with her straight hair in a ponytail.
Woman with long straight hair playing Wii.
The top right food.
A white toilet with a white bucket beside it.
A toilet next to a white bucket.
The legs of a chair to the right of a cat.
a black chair with metal legs.
A man in a green and blue suit and yellow helmet stops on his mountain bike.
A man wearing an orange helmet.
An adult sheep standing very close to a lamb.
An older sheep with a baby sheep right in front of it.
the chocolate truffle in the back on the left.
Chocolate truffle on the upper left of the plate.
It appears to be a tv screen.
The TV screen.
white dog looking back at camera.
A white dog not on  a leash.
three forks in plate with lime in it.
The fork that is in the middle.
its a white coior flight.
Airplane parked at an airport terminal gate.
A man standing directly under the green umbrella.
The boy wearing the backpack.
The blond woman wearing a white shirt & black & white shorts standing next to a man with his arm around her shoulders.
A blond woman in white standing beside a man.
The bus in the middle of the other buses.
A man with kitchen uniform opening a cupboard.
a man opening an oven.
A man with a black suit.
A man with black hair wearing a black suit holding a white and pink surf board next to a woman holding a yellow surf board.
A lone man, who has his face wrapped, is carrying ski equipment while standing in snow.
A man with a headpiece that wraps around his face and carrying skis and ski equipment in the snow.
giraffe facing away from visitors.
a giraffe who is annoyed at the spectators and turned his back on them.
a chair with a man wearing green sunglasses and tank top sitting.
the chair the guy with sunglasses is sitting on in the right hand picture.
A young giraffe inside a stall reaching its head out to another giraffe.
giraffes kissing each other.
The man in the orange hat is on the right of the other two men.
Man in a black tshirt and red cap walking in the background.
A zebra leaning upon another zebra in the foreground.
A zebra standing behind another zebra.
The back end of a white vehicle.
spare tire on truck.
A silver and white jet flies next to a white and blue jet.
A container of sauce with a spoon in it.
Clear dish with red sauce and a spoon in it.
A bottle of wine is being poured.
the wine bottle that is being poured.
The giraffe in the middle of the other two.
The giraffe that is in between two other giraffes.
A small giraffe standing in back of a gench pole with his back to the camera.
Young giraffe on the far left of group.
A baby giraffe sitting near the fence which is facing the camera.
A giraffe laying in the grass.
a person watching helicopter man.
Top of someone's head, just showing.
A young woman in a striped shirt holding a tray of doughnuts.
A woman wearing a yellow and blue striped shirt.
The glass closer to the food.
An empty glass on a table.
the guy with the blue umbrella in the right hand picture.
The person in red who is pointing at a sign.
gray sheep farthest on left.
the sheep closest to the wall on the end.
A restaurant table filled with pizza and drinks.
A table with pizza and plates on it that kids are eating from.
There is a small, perhaps young elephant walking out of a cage.
The shorter of the two elephants.
A MAN WEARING GREY SHIRT AND RED PANT WHO SKATING IN SNOW.
A person in red pants snowboarding.
a person with white shoes kneeling.
The hands and foot of a person crouching behind a tennis player.
reflection of toliet.
The reflection of a toilet in a mirror.
A man on a skateboard is performing a trick on a ramp.
A man skateboarding in a black and white photo.
A BROWN LEATHER SOFA.
A brown leather overstuffed easy chair.
A woma in a black skirt and white shirt.
The person wearing the white shirt and skirt.
A train car with a window in a shadow.
A little boy holding a tennis racquet.
the boy holding the tennis racket.
school bus that has 323 on it.
bus number 323.
A brown purse on a woman's arm.
brown purse.
the slice of cake the person in the striped shirt is holding.
A piece of cake being lifted off the plate on a fork by the hand of the man wearing light blue.
A mostly white cat eats food from a bowl with another cat.
cat with black fur on head and white fur on body.
A red and white plane on a grass airstrip.
Red and white plane sitting in a field.
The bed with the black suitcase on it.
The leg of the man holding the frisbee.
the leg of the person wearing khaki pants.
the side of a woman wearing a black shirt with her elbow on the table.
Dog see the Mirror.
A dog's reflection in the mirror.
white skis being held by a man outside.
The semi truck next to the bus.
The white container vehicle near by the bus.
a bench underneath a man.
A bench with a man on it.
a MIDDLE AGE MAN SITTING ON A FUTON LIKE COUCH FOLDING A WII REMOTE IN RIGHT HAND WITH 2 FINGERS ACROSS MOUTH.
A man with glasses sitting on a couch holding a wii remote between two people.
A guy in a red plaid shirt and baseball cap sticking his tongue out.
A man with his mouth open wide.
an yellow couch by a red couch.
A yellow couch.
The chair the man in orange is sitting in.
The back of orange man and chair he is sitting in.
White beer truck on the right side parked.
A white laptop with a light grey trackpad.
An empty bench behind the fence.
Unoccupied bleachers behind fence.
small buffalo without eating grass towards left side of zebra.
A full view of a small brown horse with it's front left leg bent as it's walking.
A mother giraffe standing near a tree with its sibling.
A tall adult giraffe standing behind a baby giraffe.
bench under child.
The left seat portion of the bench.
a short man behind an asian girkl.
A man in a black t-shirt in the bathroom.
A black fork on the left.
A white couch behind the man in the red shirt.
The couch behind the men.
damn on a motorcycle.
old man drive a bike.
a blue surfboard with the letters BCF.
A blue surf board with the BCF on the front.
The bak of a red and yellow bus.
travel bus.
A young girl in pink and white pajamas.
a small child where a white and pink shirt.
A war plane at the airport.
Us army airplane.
A girl in a red tank top.
The girl in the bright red shirt holding a waterbottle.
man standing off to side agains wall watching.
a man wearing a brown shirts watching a stunt.
a man prepares to tranquilize a bear from behind a bush.
person behind the bushes.
the chair just behind the woman facing camera.
man standing in background.
ban in all brown standing behind the boy on the right.
A suitcase on the top of the stack.
Suitcase under two baskets with a middle strap running below the handle.
grandma with blue shirt.
Lady in blue jacket in front of cake.
The sink basin on the outermost left hand side of the photo.
One of two sinks in a bathroom; it's the left one.
The man in the all tan jacket with black pants.
A man in a tan jacket is sitting in the snow.
A brown color wooden table with fruits on it.
The chair, that is directly behind a flower plant.
A lorry on road.
a big truck.
the front empty chair on the right in the right hand picture.
BROWN COLOR EMPTY CHAIR IN FRONT OF THE ONE MAN USING CELLPHONES.
A Lady sitting between two men.
woman in white scarf.
A steam locomotive.
MOVING TRAIN.
A dish with chopped pieces of corn on the cob in it.
A bowl full of some sort of food dish that has parts of corn cobs and some sort of black food.
A bear eats pumpkin to the right of another bear.
a sofa with pink and white stripes with a white/off-white pillow.
a pink and white striped sofa with soft pastel pillow and a brown dog chair with red floral rug.
A black train locomotive on a track going through a station.
The railroad train with the light on.
A man pushing the bike in the beach side.
A man who is wearing blue jeans and a blue jacket and is pushing a motorbike.
The giraffe with its neck hanging over the fence.
The left most giraffe.
man hitting tennis ball.
The man serving the ball.
A woman in a white shirt.
The woman looking forward in white.
A asian man wearing a orange tie and a red belt.
A man with orange tie, posing with his wife.
jelly jar.
GRAPE JAM IN A BOTTLE NEAR BREAD.
a cow with a white head and brown ears with two tags in each eat looking at the camera.
A cow with two tags and a white head.
armchair with a black book sitting in it.
only chair in the room facing the bed.
A serrated knife with a black plastic handle.
A knife with a black handle.
A traditional style leather sofa with rolled arms.
the large brown couch.
A well-dressed man in an old photo on the left side of another well-dressed man.
The man on the left with the paisley tie.
a man wearing glasses eating a huge hero.
a man wearing glasses eating a sandwich.
A laptop which is in front of other two laptops.
A laptop in front of the two laptops.
A black motorcycle with a Harley - Davidson logo sits foremost in a group of four.
the front most motorcycle.
black truck parked behind toyota sign.
A black truck placed on a pedestal in a Toyota showroom.
A man with a cap throwing a frisbee.
The man in the brown coat.
A girl preparing to serve a tennis ball.
A woman is on the tennis court.
Chair the girl is sitting on.
A wooden chair with a young girl sitting on it.
Stack of red apples.
A bunch of red apples.
A blue, white, and red air-boat that is ahead of two other air-boats.
The blue jetski is in the lead of the others.
green color couch.
a couch.
The umpire wearing a black shirt and gray pants.
A black tea shirt person watching closly to the players.
the black background behind a table.
A man laughing next to two women at a table.
A man in black dress sitting next to two girls.
a small dog curled up on a purple dog bed.
A dog resting on a purple sofa.
Back of a pickup that says powerbuss.
Black truck with powerbass logo.
The bird to the left of the decorative berries.
sculpted bird on left.
A baby.
baby standing in suitcase.
The right piece of wrap sandwich.
Right half of a pita sandwich.
an orange in the middle of apples and bananas.
an orange next to the banana.
the white couch with flowers on it.
A white couch with a pink and green flower pattern on a wooden floor.
Sheep on other side of the man.
The bus with 205 on it.
a red double-decker bus.
A baby sheep standing in front of his parent.
Lamb looking away with blood on abdomen.
A part of the white restaurant table where the lady is seated.
the white table in front of the girl.
A woman in a wedding dress is helping her husband cut a wedding cake.
woman in wedding dress.
A vase of flowers tied with a purple ribbon between vases tied with green and brown ribbons.
The individual with a cigarette in their mouth and red arms.
the man with red body paint and a swimming floatie.
teenager in a blue shirt sitting on a red motorcycle.
man wearing blue shirt looking at sky.
Batter swinging a broken bat.
A baseball player who is currently up on bat.
A baby giraffe nurses from its mother.
A metal rack with several types of pizza on it.
A large serving of pizza on a metal grill.
A basketball player wearing white pants and red shirt having a sad look.
soft ball player wearing black gloves.
An Ethiopian airline aeroplane parked on a runway.
AEROPLANE ETHIOPIAN AIRLINES.
A furry baby brown bison standing next to an adult bison.
A baby animal.
A woman with a floral skirt.
Woman in a floral skirt.
A pink jacket.
a boy on the scatingh.
The kid in purple.
A bottle of syrup.
the beer in the background of all the food.
A black cat with green eyes  and perched ears.
A black small cat sitting on a silver computer.
A woman and a small child.
a lady holding a child.
A dark brown donut.
Dark brown glazed donut.
The back of the chair that is not directly in front of the tray of food.
Small brown elephant.
a baby elephant being pet by two people.
a woman in a pink shirt sitting at a table.
A woman with dark hair and pink tshirt, smiling.
Zebra waling in the middle of a group.
The zebra which is in the middle of the other two zebras that are seen in the front.
A man holding a surf board in his surf suit, farthest right.
Woman in wetsuit holding a white surfboard with a heart on it.
A horse with a white marking that starts between the eyes and goes to its nose.
The boy with a bunny on his arm.
Baby laying in the bed beside a little boy.
The bowl of rice.
A clear glass bowl with food in it.
person in purple shirt riding on motorcycle.
A person in a purple shirt and jean shorts riding on the back of a motor bike.
A Ypolait Original Pot laid on a wooden chopping board.
yoplait yogart with its logo facing the camera.
The giraffe whose head does not go above the tree.
The shorter giraffe.
The man with glasses in the grey sirt.
the far most man waring a gray t-shirt.
A person in black cutting a cupcake with 2 hands pictured, one wearing a ring and one underneath it.
the body of the man in the black shirt.
Book with remote.
The remote is laying on the open Bible.
The large ferry ship.
The large blurry ship in the background, that has the words Star Ferries on it.
The standing giraffe in the back facing right.
The giraffe in the back facing the right.
a wooden chair with handle.
A little brown haired girl sitting on the floor with 2 people sitting on a sofa.
Girl with multi color sweater playing game with other children.
Stems of broccoli on the right-hand side of the bowl.
guy wearing blue tshirt and walking.
RESERVE PLAYERS HAVING THEIR WARMUP.
truck with a cherry picker on it.
White truck with a large arm lift.
An umpire.
umpire in blue shirt.
A brown color train engine.
A red train on the tracks.
The back side of an arm chair.
The side of a brown sofa that has a white stool in front of it.
Green camouflaged military jump jet sitting on a runway.
A camouflage jet plane stood on a runway.
A girl wearing a pink shirt, picking up a slice of pizza.
the girl in a pink and white shirt.
The pizza behind the wine bottle.
Whole piza with three black objects in the center.
a small girl in a green shirt being held by her father.
The baby in the green shorts.
A woman with a black shirt and jeans.
A woman with straight blonde hair and a black shirt walking down the side walk.
Man in dark outfit and baseball hat holding a bat.
man holding baseball bat.
A male with a grey shirt with the numbers 24.
Man with blue wristband.
the horse on the right.
The horse with its hind legs showing.
The lamb is watching its mom bath its sibling.
smaller animal on left side lying on grass.
A man in a black shirt.
man having black t-shirt.
A salad with fruit, nuts and vegetables.
A plate full of salads in the center of the table.
a lady standing on the left.
woman wearing flannel shirt.
The apple whose stem is showing.
A green apple with stem visible.
Man wearing eyeglasses sitting on a chair while using a cellphone.
Man in blue shirt using blue phone.
The front of a red bus.
A buses  headlights.
A man holding a surfboard near some people.
A man with long hair in a gray suit and light brown shoes.
Woman in white robe.
Woman in white robe.
A green glass sitting on a tile ledge.
a glass was on the table.
A Giraffe in the background standing and a neck of another giraffe in the foreground.
A right girafee stands little apart from the left giraffee is also seems to be little small than the left one.
the bowl furthest to the left.
darker colored vase.
A woman sitting on the steps taking a photo.
A woman sitting on the steps and taking a picture on her smartphone.
A person wearing a red t-shirt.
red shirt top right corner.
A WOMAN SITTING INSIDE A TRAIN.
the girl looking out a window.
baseball player in white jersey.
A baseball player standing and strike the ball.
A swan to the left of another swan.
Swan with water drop from beak.
Big brown bear sleeping in green grass on the ground.
A bear.
A red and white train car that has NEIGHBOUR on the side.
red and white train at a train station.
A person in the background dressed in all red.
A skier in a red outfit.
The person on the left.
food in black bowl with white spoon.
Bowl of stew with white ladle.
A man in a plaid shirt looking goofy white looking at his cellphone.
Man holding red phone, taking a photo of his group with the phone.
A man with white colour tea shirt is jumping.
A man in a white shirt catching a frisbee.
A BIKE WHICH IS SITTING BY A MAN WITH HIS GIRL FRIEND IN ANOTHER BIKE.
a motorcycle with a male sitting on it.
The tall vase with pink flowers in it.
A vase with a couple different color flowers.
A tea cup with a flower inside of it.
A tea cup that is above all the other tea cups.
The left sausage on the yellow plate on the left.
A hotdog leaning up onto the side of a plate.
A giraffe peeking around another giraffe.
A giraffe standing behind another giraffe facing the camera.
half of a maroon car left lower corner of Picture.
Brown car closet to the picture.
The small child reading a book.
The baby reading the storybook.
bald men helping out with the horse.
A man standing next to the lady with the ponytail.
the elephant in the middle.
fence on right.
A mountain goat resting on a rock.
A large goat laying near some rocks.
A greenish frappuccino to the right of the dessert plate.
A beautiful yellow cup of ice cream with a good picture in the cup.
big bowl is behind a busket.
A man in between two other men.
A baseball player walking in the middle of other two players.
Black and white diagonally striped tie.
A sugar covered doughnut hole on the middle of a plate.
a stone in the center.
The boy in yellow.
The older man in the background with his hand on his face.
A blonde women taking a picture.
Woman holding small video camera, smiling.
A blurry man wearing a yellow shirt and glasses holding a Wii remote.
A person wearing glasses, a yellow and white shirt, black pants, and has a WII controller in their right hand.
This is a wooden dining room table with flowers in the center and is set with placemats and fancy place settings at 4 places.
The table that the flowers are on.
The top of a 3-tier cake.
Blue and White wedding cake being sliced by a couple.
An airplane with one man standing under the wing.
An aeroplane on which a number written on it.
A brown cow in front of a person and half behind a fence.
A brown cow between two others.
An array of convience food on top of a table with a sign sitting beside it.
A pair of legs with jeans rolled up and white socks.
A persons legs and feet, wearing jeans.
Brown and white pomeranian dog dressed in banana split costume.
The dog with a strawberry on its head.
The broccoli.
a pile of steamed green broccoli served on a white plate.
a long table covered in plate and food.
Table that five young girls are seated at.
two stuffed bears.
Two stuffed bears sitting on a car.
small slice of pizza close to camera.
the slice of pizza on its own plate that isn't touching a fork.
Mug of hot chocolate.
the coffee mug.
A little girl in pink sweater.
A child in a pink sweater standing.
yellow orange.
Man in green jacket behind fence.
A man wearing a green top.
A woman wearing a gray jacket and a backpack.
A person with a backpack on holding their arms out.
A wooden chair on the back of the elephants.
Two people in a seat on top of an elephant.
The girl with the nose piercing.
A girl with blue hair and a nose ring.
A table and cake the priest is cutting.
The table with a red tablecloth.
the blue high chair.
A blue hight chair to the right of a pink highchair.
Person sitting behind the pizza on the table.
a man was standing on the road.
man in uniform wearing yellow vest.
The cow with two yellow tags.
A little brown cow looking directly into the camera.
The horse.
The neck and shoulders of a chestnut-colored horse that is on the beach.
A baby elephant.
Baby elephant.
This is a running black horse.
A brown horses running.
a small girl standing on a white mat.
a little child with orange shorts on.
A wooden table with someone with a purple shirt sitting at it.
A toy laptop on the table infront of a girl.
bike which basket is on top of.
The wheel below the basket in front of the girl.
Coffee cup turned upside down beside a bowl of soup.
an upside down coffee cup.
a zebra with its back turned eating grass.
A zebra with its back end towards the camera.
the back of an eleghant outside with others.
the rear end of the biggest elephant, seen to left of group.
A heart-shaped carrot among broccoli, crab meat and a cherry tomato.
A blue train on the furthest right tracks.
the train that is next to the man in yellow.
A woman with brown hair and a blue dress that is cutting into a piece of cake holding a man's hand.
A woman cutting a cake with a man.
A girl in floral dress and black sweater sitting next to another girl on a bench.
girl in the flowered dress.
a man riding a moto bike.
A racer on a dirtbike making a turn during a race.
A man in a yellow shirt catching a Frisbee,.
The man in the yellow shirt.
Green and yellow tractor that is missing one tire and is held up with stumps.
An old green and yellow tractor sitting on some logs on a farm.
Hand holding the toothbrush.
The hand brushing the child's teeth.
Red city bus on route 193.
The red single deck bus.
woman.
a woman in a pink dress.
A person in blue jeans and white sparkly shoe.
The leg entering frame from left.
the giraffe on the left.
the taller giraffe.
A woman in a black dress holding an apple.
An older lady in polka dot skirt sits with an apple on her hand.
The chair on the right.
A chair with a picture over it.
The zebra that is fully visible.
a sandwich.
egg, cheese and English muffin sandwich.
The back to a wooden chair.
White chair under the table.
A bald man in glasses making something in a blender.
guy in dark sweatshirt with glasses.
Woman in black skirt playing Wii.
A woman in a sweater and dress.
the man tying the other mans tie.
A man with dark hair and a beard adjusting another man's tie.
A wooden bench with a giant white bird standing on it.
Bench with a large bird on it and a person in a long black coat in front of it.
a cream and black colour bag weared by a woman who is in blue t-shirt.
A woman's purse that is gray with a small black rectangle on it.
A zebra that is bending over and situated to the left of a rhinoceros.
A zebra standing behind a wire fence eating grass next to a rhinoceros.
Slices of carrot in a bowl with meat and vegges.
carrots.
A zebra ahead of the other zebra.
LARGE ADULT ZEBRA LOOKING STRAIGHT AHEAD AWAY FROM CAMERA.
A small office chair at a desk, facing a larger office chair.
An orange with a sticker in a black and white photo, under a banana.
Orange with a sticker on it.
A brown leather loveseat.
A maroon leather couch with two striped throw pillows.
A red bus that can hold passengers at the top and the bottom.
A vase full of tall flowers.
Flowers that are colored blue and red that are inside a grey vase.
traffic signal light.
The traffic light that is currently red.
Person waiting to cross the street.
A woman at the corner with white pants and a bag on.
green leaf on airplane.
the tail of the plane with a green leaf on it.
The smaller boat closer to the man paddling.
Smaller passenger ferry on the water.
A zebra with it's head up.
A zebra looking out into the field.
sail mast.
A boat's mast, directly to the left of a red bus.
A zebra walking next to another zebra on green grass.
A zebra that is walking in front of a small tree.
A black suitcase with a red tie on the zipper stands beside an identical black suitcase.
a black suitcase touching a blue and black bag with a green hat on top.
A large male elephant.
The elephant has white tusks.
right half of sandwich.
sandwich furthest from the drink.
A guy holding a baseball bat with no.35 on his white jersey.
Man wearing a black helmet, and a white baseball uniform with a black number 35 on the back, holding a black bat.
girl with long hair wearing orange shoes.
A girl with yellow sneakers.
A person with a short sleeved t-shirt rides a skateboard along side a friend.
black color laptop.
Black laptop on the left side of the table.
woman on bike.
A woman with green shorts on riding a red fender bike with a backpack on.
A brown bear, positioned behind another brown bear that us catching a fish.
A bear with no fish in its mouth.
White laptop with a movie playing on the screen.
A small laptop on a wooden table.
A bench closest to the person taking the photo.
A white mug with cream and coffee in it.
WHITE TEA CUP WITH HALF CUP TEA WITH SAUCER IN THE DINING TABLE.
Bowel of mac and cheese on a counter.
The bowl underneath the person's arm.
the rear end of a light brindle dog.
The back end of the dog with the lightest fur.
The black chair is facing the larger part of the room.
the top right chair.
first empty chair bottom right.
A red car on a street passing behind direction sign.
A dark red car.
The man on the red couch.
the old man in the red sofa.
A brown duffle bag with white handles on top of a rolling suitcase.
Dark green duffle bag with white straps.
blue chair furthest to the right.
The blue chair the man with the backwards cap is sitting in.
The racer with the number 12.
snowboarder in middle.
A small salad in Tupperware beside a pink box full of food.
A clear tupperware with salad in it next to a pink container with fruit and vegetables.
A grey vehicle that is taller than the grey car and behind the motorcycle.
A vase full of crane origamis.
Glass vase filled with paper origami.
A man with a child on his lap.
A man in a blue shirt who is having a banana peel pressed against his face by a small boy he is holding on his lap.
First skier on the left.
Man wearing all black standing taller than the person next to him.
White boat with brown trim around top.
The almost completely obscured white boat on the right.
The second bus is blue and it has a yellow license plate.
A blue bus behind a red bus.
The grey wireless keyboard.
An external keyboard sitting next to a Macbook.
A green and yellow doubledecker bus sitting in the parking lot.
The yellow and green bus.
A man is sitting on a ledge.
The man on the dock.
A man standing outside with an umbrella.
A lady wearing specs and holding black umbrella.
The wrinkled white edge of a blue and white umbrella behind a smiling man's face.
The white part of a blue and white beach umbrella.
The black bear in the field is eating grass.
A possibly small bear in a field of grass.
A white horse with a police officer ontop.
A white horse.
a bowl with red berries.
A striped bowl with red strawberries in it.
man lying on bed.
a man was sleeping on bed with laptap.
Two forks on their sides placed back to back next to a plate with a hot dog on it.
Two forks beside a plate turned sideways facing opposite directions.
Park bench behind girl.
The green bench directly behind the girl.
A computer monitor in between a printer and another monitor.
screen between other screen and printer.
A person in a green outfit carrying a black container.
A worker wearing a bright green uniform carrying a black compressed bin with handles.
black and white kimono dress with floral prints.
woman under umbrella.
The white keyboard on the desk.
The white keyboard.
The doll in the front that is wearing overalls.
A doll with blue overalls next to a boy.
A orange and beige double decker bus on a street with another behind it.
A Orange color double tucker city bus.
The horse on the right hand side with a lighter colored mane and with white on its snout.
A horse with a white stripe on it's nose.
A giraffe running with legs bent creating a diamond.
A man wearing a stripped dress shirt and black jacket.
A man in a striped shirt holding an empty wine goblet.
A small bowl of mayonnaise and ketchup sits next to the fries.
A small white bowl of sauce on a plate with Hamburger and Fries.
giraffe in the left front side of the image.
Giraffe with its head down standing on the left of the group.
A giraffe with darker brown spots.
A giraffe standing slightly behind another giraffe.
A yellow chair facing away.
The back of a yellow chair.
A woman riding a bike behind the lady wearing a red shirt.
Woman on beach, flying kite.
woman in yellow bikini top and dark shorts.
A wooden table with a plate of pizza on top.
Pizza in white plate on a table with a glass of water.
A scania truck of green color, on the road.
Green semi truck.
Hot Dog With Onions.
A left side hotdog.
Man eating fish.
A man in a hat eating fish.
a fish stick to the left of two other fish sticks.
the fishstick most left.
The zebra next to the fence in the right picture.
A young zebra eating grass next to a chain-linked fence containing him and another young zebra..
Potatoe salad with  a sprinkle of paprika.
The white bowl full of potato salad.
An orange cat laying down on the floor looking up.
A cat looking up.
A bird that has spread wings.
A black bird with wings fluttering on the edge of a landing.
Person sitting near the ketchup bottle.
A WOMAN WEARING RED DRESS AND SHE TAKING SOMETHING.
A woman with red dress playing in the field.
The closet part of the table where the lady is sitting.
the back of the grey chair the cat is leaning on in the right hand picture.
The back of the chair that the cat is leaning on.
a woman eating cake.
bride.
the dog who is facing the other direction that has a black back].
a black and white dog with a dark collar lying on the sidewalk looking away from the camera.
a white refrigerator.
A refrigerator and a counter with an assortment of items on it.
black laptop with blue screen.
laptop in center of two others.
unfocused half of a food item.
the piece of chicken in the back of the salad in the right hand picture.
A Black color plastic harmless chair.
A chair on which a small boy is stading.
maple frosted donut with bacon bits.
donut on right.
Woman in chef attire and apron standing by the countertop looking down.
Female chef facing left.
the slice of pizza closest to the camera.
pizza slice at 6 oclock.
The umbrella the little boy is holding.
An umbrella shade over the head of a little boy.
A girl smiling at the camera with silverware in hands.
a women was smilling.
A stock selection of blue surfboards lined up outside.
Yellow section of a car and the wheel to the right of it.
The yellow car.
The table to the top left with the ketchup bottle on it.
Table in background far left.
Sheep with black face nursing baby sheep.
A mother ram and her nursing baby.
A man wearing a blue hat skateboarding.
A black man wearing a blue baseball cap doing skateboarding tricks off a skate board ramp.
largest sailboat.
small white boat.
The black flower vase that is in focus in the center of the picture.
Black vase with gold trim holding red roses.
A spoon to the left of another spoon.
A left side spoon is on the table.
An arm on a table.
LEFT ARM LEANING ON TABLE.
fork spoon in plate.
the smaller chair the asian boy is sitting on.
woman sitting in the chair.
The woman in the tan shirt sitting down.
Woman with the tennis racket.
A woman in white holding a tennis racket.
A young boy wearing a blue baseball shirt and holding a baseball bat.
A batter with the number 1 on his shirt.
a longe china airplane.
A white and blue China Airlines jet.
white and black toothbrush.
a black oral-b toothbrush.
A vase with white flowers in the very center of other vases.
A vase of white flowers immediately under an outlet.
The elephant whose head is not shown.
An elephant hiding its face.
The youn sheep with a diamond shaped white pattern on it's forehead.
goat looking ahead.
A bus standing on the traffice signal and its number is 152.
A bus with the number 152 on it.
A small monitor to the left of a bigger monitor.
The smaller monitor with a picture open.
A US NAVY NA-3 plane with its tail in the water and its front in the sand.
U.S. Navy airplane that seems to be stuck at the beach.
a small cat with a big cat.
A small cat with its tail hanging off a table.
The surfer with the black wetsuit.
a man surfing.
A man with tattoos is leaning on a yellow fire hydrant.
Man leaning on the top of a yellow fire hydrant with man and woman standing at the curb.
light coral chair back.
khaki directors chair with a woman in it.
salad in a bowl.
Container with carrots, eggs and salad.
A blurry head with a hat on.
A man's blurry head.
A man sitting on a bench reading a newspaper.
A man sitting on a bench reading a newspaper.
RECTANGLE WHITE TABLE.
empty table.
Woman with blonde hair.
a blonde woman wearing a blue shirt next to a white horse with black markings.
An aeroplane landing on the landing feild.
An aeroplane parked in a runway.
the tie of the person ,glass in hand.
a yellow neck tie.
A red seat to the right of another red seat.
A leather chair right beside the fireplace.
An adult zebra to the right of another zebra.
The zebra on the outermost right side of the photo, it is facing straight ahead.
The cow with black.
cow closest to camera.
A girl and 2 other kids around a fruit cake.
A little girl in a light blue shirt.
A plastic and metal chair pushed under a desk.
The back of the smaller chair.
A 4 burner gas stove with tea pot on it.
A stove top.
A brown haired girl in a purple shirt.
A girl in a purple top.
A boy wearing yellow and black on a surfboard in the water.
A did on a surfboard with a yellow wetsuit.
A half of a sandwich nearest a bowl of fruit.
the left half of a sndwich.
A yellow surf board that says surf rescue in red letters resting on a yellow stand on the beach.
A yellow sign that says Surf Rescue on it.
The batter who is currently swinging the bat.
Baseball player with the number 13 on his shirt swinging a bat.
A man in red shirt holding switch of a pedestrian robot with bicycle sign and love and star signs.
A MAN IS TOUCHING THE SIGNAL BOARD.
a piece of yellow banana.
the tallest man in a tux.
A man in a tuxedo with a bow tie standing next to a shorter man wearing a tie.
A black cord around the neck of the lady in the blue uniform.
The black cord that falls in a U shape on the Navy woman's uniform.
some assorted vegetables on sale in bins.
Woman tennis player.
A WOMAN PLAYING TENNIS.
Two zebras.
A zebra that has another zebra's head resting on top of it.
A piece of pizzxa that is ont he plate that has cheese and vegetables on it.
The piece of pizza in the left corner is almost cut from the picture.
A pizza missing one slice.
Three quarters of a white pizza.
A man holding a piece of cake.
A man with a black jacket holding a plate of food.
A woman with a tattoo playing a video game.
A woman with tatoos playing the nintendo Wii.
The rear end of a zebra behind a tree.
The man in the blue jeans holding up a red kite.
A man in jeans and a black jacket trying to fly his red kite.
A round dining table near to the fride.
Dining table.
A  box of organic bananas.
all the bananas in the right hand picture.
A man in an orange sweater with blue stripes.
The many in the brown sweatshirt.
doctor wearing the blue surgerical gloves on the right.
right surgeon holding up tarp.
pillows laying on a sofa next to a laptop.
A person with a blue shirt and a blue pillow.
tennis player.
The tennis player in white.
A man and women looking at each other and sitting on a motorcycle.
A couple sitting on a black motorcycle.
Table person is at.
The table and the boy's food.
Cooked broccoli on a plate.
A portion of broccoli served on a plate decorated with a palm tree.
The boy smoking a cigarette.
The boy smoking.
Giraffe in the back and under the shade.
A giraffe looking around a pole while standing behind another giraffe.
A hot dog on a plastic plate with ketchup.
A hot dog in a bun with a zigzag of ketchup on it in front of a container of tater tots and next to a glass of white wine.
The sheep on the end furthest from the pole.
a sheep to the left of two other sheeps.
An older gentleman with a white dress shirt and a light colored tie on.
A man wearing a white shirt sitting in a chair.
A man standing behind the man wearing white shirt.
A man watching two adults playing a video game.
Green suitcase at the bottom of the stack in the rear of the vehicle.
the suitcase underneath the bright green one and next to the red one.
woman on the left reaching for the pizza.
A woman in a long sleeved black shirt with her hair pulled back reaching for pizza.
A giraffe eating off a low hanging branch.
A small giraffe eating some leaves, standing underneath a much larger giraffe.
bacon bits in bread.
The pizza with the least red.
A bicycle with white wall tires.
The foot in the upper left corner.
Gray bicycle with two blue water bottles attached to the frame.
bycycle left side.
The table directly around the plate with the sandwich.
A red bus on the right side of the blue bus.
the red bus on the right.
table nearest woman in white.
a grey swan in the shade, farthest away from the white swans.
A grey goose sits to the left of another grey goose.
chair with a black backpack on it.
Chair with black bag in it.
A pink and grey train.
A dark blue/grey and white train pulling a light pink and white train behind it.
A blue chair behind the little boy.
a blue chair with a child sitting on it.
woman playing goalie with hands on soccer ball wearing yellow shirt.
A person that is diving for the ball.
The Police truck.
A large crane.
The boy inthe striped jersey.
Blond haired boy with blue and white stripped jersey preparing to kick the soccer ball.
A banana which is cut.
A partially-eaten banana on a plate.
A television screen at the end of a bed, with a washed out image of a man's torso.
A picture on a television screen near a person.
A young woman holds a bowl of cut mushrooms.
A woman with black hair in  a black shirt putting mushrooms on pizza.
The bowl with the white sauce in it. It is to the upper left hand side of the plate that has vegetables on it.
A bowl filled with a white sauce,.
A person behind the other person's bananas.
The left side of the unknown person.
A man with dark hair, wearing a green shirt, and talking on a cellular phone.
The man holding a cell phone to his ear.
A brown chair with rope tied to the leg.
A black chair with white string tied to it and its' cushion.
THE CHAIR NEARER TO THE MAN WITH BLACK & RED DRESS.
The zebra that is at the head of small pack.
zebra which crosses the road before other zebras.
A man wearing a black jacket sitting at a table.
A man is sitting wearing a black jacket.
The car behing the man in green.
the car parked behind the man.
a red apple at the bottom.
The apple on the bottom on the left.
A small, baby elephant, next to an adult elephant.
A baby elephant standing near a pond near it's mother.
A woman wearing blue pants holding a blue umbrella.
The woman in the blue pants with the blue umbrella.
a vintage motorcycle.
BMW motorcycle on display.
A man looking through a badminton racket beside an woman.
face of male tennis player.
Pickup truck speeding by, in a blur.
A gray pick up truck driving down the street.
A white surfboard with a red triangle design.
A boy in blue hat wearing red and black coat with bag waiting for school bus.
Child in front of line at school bus with red and black jacket and matching bag.
A man wearing jeans and a striped shirt playing WII.
a man in a blue and white shirt holding a white wheel.
Pieces of luggage, bottom of picture, slightly to the right of the person sitting on the ground.
belt.
A man wearing blue.
A man with no arms ice scating in front of two other people.
A woman with a white jacket playing with strings.
A girl with long hair.
Chair and curved black leg closest to dog.
green and silver chair by the door.
White and black cat laying down.
A cat laying with its head almost touching a black keyboard.
boy standing alone and waiting.
a boy with long blond hair wearing a navy blue shirt and blue jeans.
Chef at woodblock table.
A chef cutting the vegetables near the gas stove.
The large cow with the wreath thing on its head and has a strap around it being held by a person.
A cow being led by a person.
The legs and arms of someone wearing gray pants and a black jacket.
the person sitting on the right in front of the little black girl.
The man in the red shirt.
old man in red sweater playing wii.
A glass containing a yellow colored beverage.
Glass with yellow juice in it.
Two giraffes standing next to mound.
Two giraffes grazing.
A giraffe leaning next to a tree so it can eat some grass.
giraffe with his head down.
Child at table.
A little girl dressed in pink at the table watching her grandfather blow out his birthday candles.
A young zebra running.
baby zebra.
A woman in a blue striped shirt.
Woman in teal shirt with white undershirt.
the legs of the chairs in the background.
luggage in middle.
zebra on right side of image.
The zebra to the right of the other zebra.
A wooden chair is near the table.
A brown wooden chair sitting at the table with the black and white cat on it.
the legs of a person.
The pant leg of someone that is not in the picture.
a young child getting their toothbrush wet.
A small boy reaching out to the tap.
the larger of two slices of yellow and green cake.
A layered cake cut on a plate.
The left couch behind the flowers.
A gray and peach sofa to the left of an identical sofa.
A woman in a white sweater watching children play a ballgame.
A woman wearing a white shirt and black leggings sitting.
the base layers of a cake.
bottom two layers.
The green bus in the distance to the right of the big green bus.
Large green recliner.
A recliner that is on the right side of the two girls and it is empty.
A man driving a motorcycle.
Two people on a motorcycle.
The two open boxes in front of the man.
empty boxes with Chinese writing on table.
A girl laying in a bed next to a bear.
Girl wearing shoes and  lying on bed.
Suitcase on ground.
A small black suitase with three horizontal lines.
The orange in the front.
chubby white guy holding a gun.
a man holding an assault rifle.
a piece of brocoli to the left of an egg.
the piece of broccoli that is in the top left corner.
a giraffe bending over behind another giraffe.
shorter giraffe in back.
A man with curly hair and glasses, looking towards the right.
A man in glasses with curly hair.
A beige sofa in front of a window.
A light gray couch in a living room against a wall.
The tennis player in a black shirt.
A man in a black shirt prepares to hit a tennis ball.
The large uncut portion of the cake, beneath the knife.
The half of the cake that is not yet cut.
The motorbike that a man has his foot resting against.
BLUE COLOR STANDING THE BIKE FRONT CROSSING THE MAN.
the man wearing glasses to the left of another man.
The man in glasses on the left.
A calf the color of buttermilk.
A cow standing on the grass looking at the camera.
man holding pink ice cream cone.
The gentleman in the foreground wearing sunglasses on the top of his head.
A man wearing a brown shirt standing near a woman with a red shirt playing the wii.
a man was standing.
A black laptop that has just been switched on a bed next to a white laptop with data on the screen.
A laptop running Windows XP's loading screen.
A pair of shut metal scissors to the right of pair of open ones.
Pizza with cheese and ham on top.
A dish consisting of ham and cheese.
A girl in a blue and white shirt.
The girl in the blue flowered shirt.
A man in a white uniform playing tennis about to serve.
A tennis player wearing a white outfit and sun visor.
A man wearing black is holding a paper plate in his left and eating a slice of pizza.
A man eating a slice of pizza.
Palm in corner of banquet room.
A potted plant behind a couple cutting a wedding cake.
A red coffee mug.
A red coffee mug.
A girl wearing a blue hat on skis.
Girl on skis wearing blue coat and blue helmet with pink shoes.
right zebra.
This is a zebra.
A umpire at baseball game calling balls and strikes.
The umpire.
The front of a red bus.
Part of a bus behind another bus.
A person in a yellow jacket in ready to ski down the hill.
A skier in a yellow jacket.
A black remote control, with only black, white, gray, and red buttons.
A black remote with white and grey buttons.
The giraffe with a close up head shot.
giarrafe loking at you.
the bigger piece of carrot.
longer carrot.
the guy on the right in the right hand picture.
A man in a white shirt holding a tennis racket.
A person wearing black pants and shoes walking away from a person with food.
a mans  wearing black pants legs.
A brown cow laying down in a grassy field.
A large brown cow laying down with a baby cow standing near.
Man in navy blue with long black hair and glasses lifting luggage.
A dark skinned woman pushing a suitcase.
A man on a bridge taking a picture with his cell phone.
A man in a light brown jacket taking a photo with a smart phone.
Banana touching avacado.
It is the outermost right hand banana in the container of fruit. It's slightly over the side of the container.
A pair of blue skies.
A pair of blue skies.
The woman in a white dress.
A bride.
the benches to the right of the girl.
the empty bench in the left picture.
A GREY COLOR SEDAN WAITING IN TRAFFIC.
a white car behind a man on a motorcycle.
The red cow.
a brown color cow along with small cow standing and watching its small cow.
A black table it has been sit against a similar table to make a pair.
The table cloth on the left.
A window with a greek flag and a bear and some plants.
A green plant hanginf from ceiling to floor.
A pair of small modern smartphones.
A blue piece of luggage with a blue pattern on it.
A blue suitcase which is in the front of other blue suitcase with checked designs.
a man at a urinal gives a thumbs up.
a man who is holding hand upwards.
A boy with red color t-shirt.
Young boy with red shirt playing Wii video game seated in center with a couple other boys.
a man was cutting.
A man in black with a beard and mustache, holding a knife.
The zebra on the right.
A zebra behind to the right of another zebra behind.
A person in dark-colored winter coat with a hood.
a man in black is pulling a child on a sled.
A man in a blue shirt and blue shorts holding a green cone.
the guy in light blue dress.
A teddy bear in a white sweater to the left of the other teddy bear.
doll whose face is not covered by cutout image.
A middle piece of food.
A graffiti-patterned laptop on the middle of a table.
A laptop with a green skin closest to the newspaper.
Fork to the right of calzone.
A fork rests on a table next to a knife and a plate.
A hand behind a water glass holding a fork.
A fork being held by a hand from the left side of the table.
A running zebra with black and white stripes.
A zebra running near the giraffe.
The book end chair under the brown bear.
The couch the brown bear is sitting on.
A bench with two backs.
A bench with a woman sitting in it.
man i a white shirt.
Boy in white t-shirt standing with friend.
a person wearing a red shirt.
A person in a red shirt standing next to a countertop.
The lead elephant.
Gray elephant first in line of several other elephants.
the backpack next to the woman's right foot.
The woman standing in the middle.
2 bottles of wine and a glass sitting on a table outside.
Light and dark brown teddy bear.
The brown and white bear.
The chair on the right.
A black chair sits perpendicular to a couch.
Asian woman with long hair.
A woman wearing a maroon colored top.
Dark siamese cat.
A cat stretched out sleeping.
A baseball player swings and prepares to run.
A baseball player hitting the ball and tries to run.
A man wearing a black shirt and brown shorts.
A guy with khaki shorts holding his stakes in left hand.
A small model of a F-86 on a lawn pointing skyward.
A toy plane facing upwards.
The glass that is furthest away from the person.
A boy wearing a backpack.
Boy with packpack standing near water.
A cup full of ice that says Curley's Pub on it.
A clear glass of ice with a printed label for Curly's Pub in red.
a white dressed a man riding a white sports bike.
man in white riding suit in the back on cycle.
The brown horse with a rider that is furthest from the white line on the side of the road.
The brown horse with a blond rider.
glass of OJ that is next to the black cup.
A glass of orange juice near some bagels.
A man with a turquoise and grey striped muscel shirt.
a man was sitting on chari.
A woman in a black top with her arm around a man.
A woman in a black shirt.
A black umbrella which has been worn by an old man sitting on a chair.
A white teddy bear wearing a red hat with holly berries and ivy on it.
A white teddy bear wearing a Christmas hat that has mistletoe on it.
red luggage on a train.
A red/pink suitcase with a handle.
The back window of a truck.
A person in a green shirt and black thick rimmed glasses with long blond hair.
A young person with long blonde hair and his chin resting on a fist.
a giraffe.
A giraffe which is eating something from a woman's hand.
Tan recliner unoccupied.
An empty seat next to the man.
Green, white, and purple bus says Not In Service.
There's a bus in a parking lot with the sign: Sorry This Bus Is Not In Service.
blue chair with pink pillow.
A blue chair.
A beautiful folded throw with gold, pink and blue flowers on it.
A white blanket folded with a green and flowered blanket folded on top of it.
a black suitcase with 2 pockets on the front.
A small black piece of luggage with a person's arm on top of it.
the wine glass on the far left.
a bike with no one on it.
Bicycle with child seat.
The huge airplane in the background.
The larger aircraft with the red bullseye on it behind all the others.
man is subway wearing fuzzy hat.
a smiling man in a furry coat.
The right half of the sandwich.
Half a sandwich with fries on the right touching it.
the table in the background with the brown cover.
Brown, wooden bar top behind the woman in the gray top.
Bunch of two bananas near oranges.
Two bananas connected at the stalk and covered with brown blemishes sit in a bowl.
A snowboarder man with sunglasses, dark blue clothes, and red boot protectors sitting on a rail on top of a mountain.
the man sitting in the right hand picture.
The piece of broccoli on the left.
The broccoli pointing to the left.
Biker ahead of the rest.
A man wearing a checkered shirt walking and talking on the phone.
man wearing a plaid shirt.
bowl with veggies in it.
A plastic container filled with vegetables sitting on a counter.
A green chair positioned directly across the table from the only occupied chair at the table.
A horse with black and brown colour is standing behind the kid.
Horse behind girl with a blue shirt.
A white and blak dog in the front of another dog.
The mountain dog who is sitting down in the snow in front of the other dog and person.
A giraffe craning its neck down to the ground.
A large giraffe eating grass.
A red suitcase that someone is sitting on.
red luggage.
the arm of a dark skinned person sitting next to a man holding a teddy bear.
The arm of the photo not being pictured.
The binding of a book entitled Essential System Administration.
Dark blue textbook.
object furthest to the right.
A clear glass vase behind the red one.
A man with wearing a blue cap and jacket with yellow lines, watching the firewood.
A man in a blue jacket with yellow piping.
A pair of skis is in the man in plaids hands.
A brown color table with bowls.
A brown color table with bowls.
A man with no glasses.
a man wearing a black shirt and yellow lanyard looking at the camera.
A woman wearing a pink and black dress.
A woman in a pink dress with polka dots sits on a sofa.
A suitcase below two others.
pale horse ridden by girl wearing pink top.
Cream colored horse.
A man in a suit, with his arm across his chest.
A brown cow eating grass.
The brown cow that is eating the grass.
This is a cow looking at the camera with tags in its ears.
A cow with tag number 201335.
a large brown and white cow behind the white calve.
Black and white cows stand on in an open field.
A zebra standing with his head turned to the side.
zebra in front.
A red bag in baggage claim.
A red suitcase on revolving airport thing with dinosaurs running around it?.
empty green camping chair.
A green camp chair.
A car with fuel on it.
van to the right.
An elephant who is facing another elephant in some shrubbery.
THE BIG ELEPHANT IS SLEEPING.
A man wearing a gray tank top feeding a giraffe.
A man in a tank top feeding a giraffe.
man wearing gray shirt and jeans play video game.
A person wearing a grey shirt with black and white stripes playing a video game.
A book of ubuntu linux.
red book.
A dell laptop being used by a chubby man with glasses.
A silver lap top with dell on it.
woman.
A girl riding a horse next to a man with another horse.
A suitcase between a large and a small suitcase.
a medium sized blue suitcase.
Person standing behind the food.
A man in white and black standing behind two patrons.
pink color bicycle.
rose color bicycle parked behind a man.
the foremost donut.
The donut in the front.
A car with pink around the windows.
car  in a street.
A blue canvas sack with a white label sticking out.
The blue bag in the far right of the image.
race horse with number 2 on its saddle ridden by a jockey with an orange stripe on his pants.
The brown horse that has the rider with a white helmet.
The person in the solid red shirt.
A man in a red shirt.
A man in a tan trenchcoat shopping.
a bearded man in a tan coat holding a number of objects.
The man sitting at the table that is not wearing eyeglasses.
A man with a mustache wearing a blue shirt with food on his plate.
man in a red shirt interacting with another on the tennis court.
A person in an orange shirt.
The left pink single couch.
An empty chair sitting by a window.
a baseball player swinging a bat.
A man swinging a baseball bat.
Baseball player swinging and wearing white uniform.
A person in dark clothes skiing.
The skier on the top left.
A lady in a green shirt on the front row.
The lady in the green sleeveless shirt with short hair.
A charred hot dog with no condiments or sauce with the bun arching slightly over the top.
A burnt hot dog next to three others.
The left arm of a person.
the man in yellow.
A man with spectacles playing with a ring.
The little red apple beside the lemons.
A white laptop with several programs open.
A white laptop.
The green bus on the left travelling away.
A green bus moving away.
white cloth covered in red sauce.
A Ford truck parked next to a dark blue Chevy truck.
The ford SUV next to a Chevy truck, both are backed in.
An empty chair with a bird sitting on top of it.
a chair with a bird sitting on top of it.
the colored remote that is near the black remote.
A remote control with turqoise buttons and a white body.
A man in a black shirt looks at a camera into in umbrella.
the man taking a picture.
A dark bottle with the word RELAX written up it.
A glass bottle of Relax red wine.
A plane with its tail red colour standing exactly infront of plane with its tail blue colour, both plane standing in same direction.
Smaller white airplane with red tail on a runway.
The brown teddy bear.
dressed up teddy bear.
The sail of the non-rainbow wind board.
Gray and white windsail.
A tractor on the back of a truck.
An orange Hitachi backhoe on top of a tow truck.
A cup of coffee with a spoon sitting in it.
The coffee cup that is in the upper left corner with a spoon in it.
The dark brown leather strap going from man's right shoulder down to his left hip.
A boy in a blue hoody.
The boy wearing the blue hooded sweatshirt.
man wearing speedos.
Man in speedo using toilet.
A table having a big cake for the eve of womens day.
a table with a cake.
The chair with something blued draped over it.
The rolling chair behind the guy using a mobile phone.
A man in a wetsuit with a surf board standing in front of an RV and between two woman surfers.
Man in black swimsuit holding a surfboard.
A man in plastic gear moving an old refrigerator out of a burned or old, gross house.
Man in protective gear pushing refrigerator.
A balding man with a black shirt looking down.
A man in a black t-shirt looking down.
The horse being ridden by the officer without a jacket.
The horse of the police officer that is not looking towards the camera.
a sheep looking at a baby sheep.
The adult sheep.
A long-haired car lying next to a mirror.
cat in front of mirror.
The man on the skatboard wearing shorts.
Suitcase wrapped in protective plastic with a sunhat sitting atop.
A suitcase with white hat sitting on top.
a blonde dog with a purple collar laying down.
The dog that is lying down with a purple collar on it.
A computer monitor to the left of another computer monitor.
A desk top which is first from left that a man is operating.
A  white double sink.
the sink on the right.
The truck with balls.
gray pick up truck.
man on left writting.
a seated man with grey hair signing a document.
The couch behind the boy standing.
the brown couch behind the little boy.
The big cow is looking at camera.
A white cow with a tagged ear reading 113 in a snowy field with two other cows.
A gray mouse with a blue strip sitting on a wood desk.
A computer mouse with blue stripe.
umbrella leftside.
A brown horse grazing in the grass in front of other horses.
The nearest horse with the head down to the ground.
the big truck that has an orange sign that says 99.
The closest truck.
The out of focus person lying in the grass.
A person's head who is lying in the grass.
Little girl in a pink Dora the Explorer shirt.
A girl with pink shirt and gray pants jumping on a bed.
The right suitcase that is darker brown.
A black and tan suitcase to the right of two other suitcases.
A tall red bus that is behind the blue Shuttle.
The large red bus.
A old women wearing a purple  sweater is holding a blue plate.
Lady wearing glasses and holding two blue plates color plates.
Palm of a left hand.
hand holding the hotdog.
Girl in black shirt sitting on the end of the bed.
Woman.
a boy wearing a brown shirt sitting on a couch next to a woman.
Man with grey shirt and black shorts.
A man in grey yellow and black running toward the right.
A man holding an umbrella and a woman clapping sitting next to each other on white folding chairs.
A man in a suit is holding a blue umbrella.
a pizza with leaves on top that is below another pizza.
A fresh pizza topped with veggies.
A person in the right side is ready to hit the ball.
A man playing tennis on the right.
Red and pink floral sofa seat.
Sofa with striped pillow.
A dog is standing over another dog on a purple leash.
chaild was playing tennis.
a little girl in a pink hat and blue and white striped dress.
A grown elephant leading a baby elephant.
The backside/tail of the larger elephant.
A zebra with it's head under another zebra face.
Zebra looking down.
a single fork on a plate with a slice of cake.
A fork next to a single slice of cake.
A BLACK COLOR LAPTOP NEAR BY A SMALL WHITE COLOR LAPTOP.
Black laptop with light blue screen.
A woman wearing glasses and a black shirt and eating pizza next to a young male.
the woman in brown with glasses.
A woman wearing a red skirt and black jacket's backside.
The girl in the black jacket in the back.
The truck carrying a large machine in the luggage area.
A big red and white truck with a smaller green machine on it.
The blue bus right next to the yellow bus.
A blue color bus on a road.
black colour t-shirt man was playing video game.
A guy in a black shirt and jeans.
A head of cauliflower surrounded by other fruits and vegetables.
A head of cauliflower sits in the center of fruits and vegetables.
The right side of a dining room table.
The right half of a table with a white cloth on it.
A blue mini bus and part of a car.
A blue bus with an IKEA advertisement on the back.
the green vase in the back.
The blue/green piece on the table.
an empty chair to the left of another.
a wooden chair sitting closest to the sidewalk.
A woman with brown hair, wearing a white shirt and blue shorts, holding a tennis racket and looking to her right.
Woman in white holding a tennis racket.
A HORSE HOLDING BY A MAN BY HIS LEFT HAND.
A black horse with a white diamond on its head.
A woman holding a dog.
A woman with multicolored hair holding a French bulldog.
A person wearing a white shirt and jeans.
Man in white shirt and blue jeans standing at a counter.
A brown teddy bear sits on a table.
A brown color Teddy Bear Lying on a rolling wood.
The multi-tier wedding cake.
A white three-layer cake on a cake stand.
A zebra stands behind three zebras in the foreground.
The zeebra in the very back and center.
The bench that the gentleman wearing a light blue hat is sitting on.
A man swinging a tennis racket.
A young man in the middle of his tennis swing.
The train heading towards the trolley.
trolley car with white top appears to be making a turn.
A man in an orange hat and shirt singing.
Man wearing an orange striped shirt.
The second horse from the left.
A man looks towards a row of tennis balls.
a man in a yellow shirt playing tennis.
close up of a red, black, and silver harley davidson motorcycle.
Red Harley-Davidson motorcycle.
Elephant carrying three people one in white shirt and two in black.
Giant TV screen with the field on it.
A very large television screen.
A woman and child sitting at a table.
A woman giving the peace sign sitting with her son eating by the window.
A kid in a black shirt.
A young man on a tennis court, holding two racquets and waering flip-flops.
A young woman in a pink shirt holding a game controller.
A girl in a pink shirt playing Wii.
left most person.
A woman with long black hair standing in front of a large cake.
The computer screen on the right.
Computer screen with album covers on it.
A glass of beer.
A glass of beer.
A bike a person in a blue shirt is sitting on.
A rounded table with a mosaic top which is holding a potted plant, a vase and a sculpture of a hand.
A table with Brown Clay pot in which green plant is there.
display of coat on the chair.
coat draped over the back of the chair behind the woman in a flower dress.
The large plane.
The large white plane.
Brown leather two seat sofa with afghan and throw on back.
black sofa.
the back of a blue pick up truck parked on the other side of the street.
a blue truck.
THE LADY IS CUTTING BIRTHDAY/WEDDING CAKE.
A bride on her wedding day cutting the wedding cake with her groom.
The man standing on the ground.
A man in a yellow jacket watching a snowboarder.
The white sink is part of a stylish bathroom set.
A basin of a sink.
A painted rock for decoration sitting next to a flower vase.
A brown and pink vase with nothing in it.
A chair a grandmother is standing on.
Brown wooden chair with red cushion holding a woman standing on it.
The pizza in the middle it's topped with prosciutto and greens.
Pizza with pink meat.
a red pillow.
A red pillow on a light tan couch.
The boy on the left with a white shirt.
Young Tennis player wearing a white polo with a tennis racket and tennis ball.
A large semi truck parked on an airplane runway.
An orange and white truck on an air strip.
Man in dark shirt and blue jeans.
a man in a black shirt.
A blue, green, and yellow marker on a boat.
A white boat with a dog sitting on it.
A man in a white helmet standing next to his motorcycle while looking at his phone.
A man wearing a grey/white/black shirt, with a white helmet, looking at his cell phone.
cup on right.
The cup with blue and purple swishes on it.
The tiny vase between a swan and a vase with pink flowers.
a man standing in the hallway.
man in white shirt standing in doorway.
A man in jeans and a sweater holding a drink sitting in a chair.
A man in a gray shirt and jeans sitting in a chair while holding a drink.
A black bear climbing out of the river.
Beat on the fartest left with its back turned to the picture.
A person who is fully clothed from head to toe, wearing a helmet and sitting on a motorcycle with its lights on.
A person in all black sitting on a motorcycle wearing a helmet.
PERSON ON RIGHT IN GREY AND BLACK HOODIE WITH RED BACKPACK.
A person wearing a grey hoddie with a red backpack.
Partially opened green umbrella.
A green umbrella over a man's head.
A man in a brown pullover.
an asian man sitting at a table.
The bus with the green stripe and yellow and blue flag on front.
A white bus with a green stripe and a yellow and a b lie flyer on the front.
The woman in the purple shirt.
Woman wearing gray pants with purple sweater and white shirt.
a woman in a pizzaria.
A woman with an orange apron in the kitchen.
A white teddy bear in a pink dress with a heart on the front, with a pink bow on its head.
rose color dress teddy bear.
There is a greenish piece of vegetable in the middle of three piece of vegetable.
The piece of broccoli in the middle.
A dark object on the bed behind the black suitcase with a cat.
The black bag on the bed behind the suitcase with the cat on it.
the large empty bowl in the corner of the tray.
An empty bowl with a floral design.
A hand holding a wallet.
A hand is hodlign a black wallet and aw hite plate of food with a spoon is near.
Chicken in a silver rotisserie oven.
A rotisserie oven with chicken inside it in an expensive kitchen.
A person standing in the background wearing a black shirt and blue jeans.
Man with black shirt leaning against the wall in the background.
A snowboarder wearing a yellow jacket and holding a snowboard.
A boy holding a snow board standing next to a boy lying down.
apple in back.
all of the apple on the top, and the top/right side of the apple under it.
A man with a car tie.
A man in glasses.
The sink next to the wall.
A bathroom sink in the corner of a public restroom.
Empty Bowl on the left of the cat.
An empty bowl, with some food residue on the sides.
aceto.
Bottle of aceton balsemita de modena.
A balding man's reflection in the mirror.
A image of the man in the mirror.
The elephant to the left and in the background.
The elephant in the background.
A red white and blue surf board on a beach.
A surfboard stuck in the sand at the beach.
A mother giraffe nursing her young.
The back of a light colored vehicle behind the fence.
white car.
White cow standing up in a field over top of 2 smaller cows.
standing white cow with bell.
An umpire at home base.
The umpire of a baseball game.
A light brown horse in the front left of a four-horse team pulling a wagon.
brown horse in front.
A woman in a bikini riding a surfboard.
A woman in a bathing suit surfing a wave on a yellow surf board.
A man in a white t-shirt with an umbrella hat blowing up a whoopie cushion.
Man blowing up a ballloon.
A man in hat holding a hotdog.
An old man eating a hot dog.
the red umbrella.
A red umbrella is being held.
A piece of pizza on a plate in front of the girl on the right.
The piece of pizza in front of the girl in a pink shirt.
A MAN CARRYING BANANA BOXES.
An old man in a striped shirt with a red box of bananas.
donuts.
a sandal color three seater sofa placed in a living room.
Large couch sitting along side of blue wall in front of fireplace.
Boat with grey and white dog.
A blue boat moving away towards the red boat.
The man with blue sleeves.
A man in black pushing another man to get a frisbee.
Man wearing a black jacket and blue jeans.
A man in a black jacket.
A white chair behind a man.
A calf that is standing looking straight ahead.
The sheep in the middle looking at the camera.
two donuts in paper bowls.
white color table and snacks on the image.
the second bird the is starting to fly.
A bird on the wal with its wings open.
knife with brown handle.
a serrated knife with a wooden handle.
The front of the train facing the camera.
The front of a train behind the little girl.
Snowboard in the air.
A snowboard with multiple colors.
A small elephant being patted by a man in a green outfit.
The brown elephant without a coat.
A brown tallest horse.
Brown horse.
A small sofa with stripes inside of a room with yellow walls.
A blue chair in a hotel bedroom.
the suitcase on the right.
blue suitcase with a piece of cloth sticking out.
person holding the phone.
a man taking a selfie on a flip camera phone.
oatmeal with cinnamon in picture on right.
rice pudding in a glass bowl with cinnamon on top.
brown animal with white tonge costume.
The beaver on the far left.
A referee in a green shirt.
the man in the green shirt.
The giraffe that doesn't want to be fed by the man.
A giraffe standing up and looking at the camera.
Woman in baby blue hoodie and pajamas playing wii.
lady standing in the left side of the image.
A vintage style suitcase in the middle of two to others of different sizes.
A red brief case between 2 cases.
giraffe head.
A giraffe licking the back of another giraffe.
A zebra standing in the foreground grazing on grass.
A zebra eating grass parallel to the rocks.
The black and yellow mercedes lift.
Yellow crane.
arm of the chair.
handle of the chair were the woman is sitting.
Monitor with heart on screen.
A monitor with a heart on the wallpaper.
The man sitting on the left in the front.
the man in the left.
A woman with a multi colored scarf watches another woman.
A woman with a scarf near a table.
The horse that can barely be seen.
The back leftmost horse who's ears you can see above the other horse's butt.
the cup on the left.
A mug to the left.
A  GIRL  WEARING THE WHITE AND BLUE COLOR DRESS HOLDING THE CAKE WITH FRIENDS.
A lady with the cake on the plate.
White and black horse in the front of the pack.
a white horse.
tennis ball.
the yellow tennis ball in the air.
A man in blue standing in the kitchen.
The man in the blue shirt.
triangular sandwich on far right in the back.
A grey dog next to a smaller dog.
the big grey dog.
The yellow and white toothbrush places in the glass.
A yellow toothbrush with white parts.
A child with its hand on a blue bowl.
A baby in blue eating in a blue bowl.
A banana with the stem on the right side atop a pair of forks.
The whole banana on the right.
A brown teddy bear.
the small felt teddy bear with a pink nose.
A jar of Jif peanut butter.
The bottle of peanut butter.
a blond haired, blue eyed young boy in a blue jacket.
A boy with blue eyes.
ball girl wearing green tshirt and blue cap.
a women wearing green colour t shirt.
Son conversing with dad in the dining table.
a little boy pointing off to the side wearing a gray and white striped sweatshirt.
An elephant rests its head against another elephant while walking through a river.
An elephant behind another elephant.
A white horse standing next to a brown horse.
Grey horse attached to something.
black bicycle parked against a fence that is behind a table.
the bike locked up by the table.
A blue speckled couch with a red blanket.
Blue-grey sofa with double cushions and head rolls positioned next to white curtain.
A woman with a blue shirt and light blue sweater drinking from a straw with two others.
Woman in blue demin shirt drinking from a coconut.
a silver bowl sits above spotted bananas.
The bottom of a bowl, resting on the edge of another bowl filled with ripe bananas.
A large mac computer monitor with an apple logo on the front.
A white monitor with an apple logo.
The empty chair on the inside near the window.
THE CHAIR WHICH IS NOT BEHIND THE LAPTOP.
Donut with sprinkles to the top right of the other donuts.
a doughnut with sprinkles in the upper right hand corner.
giraffe.
The giraffee on the man's left hand side.
Middle pile of Carrot strips.
girnd carrot in plate.
A toilet painted with yellow and blue stripes.
a bright corful toilet covered in lemons.
A zebra biting the neck of another zebra.
A zebra biting under the chin on the throat area of another zebra in the wild.
person in gray shirt in background of photo.
PERSON ON TOP RIGHT IN GREY.
A CHAIR  WHERE A MAN IS SITTING.
A chair with a man in a black suit sitting on it.
Chair which is flat and farthest to the left.
An empty beach chair laid completely flat.
A wooden chair with purple cushions sitting in a living room.
The chair next to the sofa.
A fork lying on table next to a plate of food.
fork.
A big elephant walking in the street.
front elephant.
A puppy that is sitting in front of another puppy.
the dog closest to the camera.
A brown stuffed teddy bear.
Brown and White teddy bear sitting on bed next to pink teddy bear.
A red pick up truck in front of a police motorcycle.
A red truck.
A black baseball player in a red jersy.
A man wearing red T-shirt and holding baseball bat.
The big spoon by the soup.
A spoon sitting underneath a bowl of duck sauce.
A tennis player in all white about to hit a serve.
A tennis player with a white uniform serving the ball.
black boy on left holding a tennis racket.
A man holding a blue tennis racket wearing shorts.
A baby elephant.
Baby elephant taking a curious stroll around the pen with other elephants.
The only visible chair at the table.
A brown wooden chair in front of a table.
a grey donkey.
A Donkey Facing towards the camera.
red train.
a large red train on a track.
An orange and pink surfboard.
an orange memorial surfboard.
the woman waring a lather jacket and holding an umrella.
A woman in a black jacket holding an umbrella.
A woman playing ping pong.
A woman standing behind a table.
a wooden outdoor bench.
brown color bench nearer to the white color table of the boy.
A slice of pepperoni and mushroom from a pizza.
A black and white cat sits on a black suitcase.
A black and white cat on a suitcase.
An unfinished motorcycle, the frame is showing and colored grey.
Assembling Motor Cycle in manufacturing unit.
Red car.
the red car farthest from the person with the umbrella.
the back end of the tacoma.
Toyota.
The tree in the terracotta planter in front of the dog.
A large brass colored potted plant with branching green leaves.
A black Harley Davidson.
The motorcycle of the man in the front of the picture.
A mans hand with a wedding ring and watch holding a glass of wine.
A hand and forearm wearing a watch.
A jockey in a purple shirt and blue helmet.
Only parts you can see of top half of jockey in light blue cap.
A small tray containing some grapes, some fruit slices, small red berries, and a green leaf in the middle.
A small dish containing a salad of grapes and other fruit.
Sleeve and arm going into bag.
A weathered hand reaching into a bag.
The black chair to the left of the purple couches.
A gray lounge chair in a living room.
Woman in the white dress.
A woman in a dress is playing with a kite.
the lady sitting in the back side of the image.
The person sitting in the back with the brown top.
a spoon with a black handle.
Spoon next to a plate.
a brown table top.
A table containing a bottle of beer is also the venue for a man working on a small laptop.
The pizza closest to the camera.
A large pizza close to us.
white car in road.
A white parked car with two cats underneath it.
A woman wearing a black vest staring at a screen with her chin resting on her hand.
An elderly woman wearing black and maroon clothing looking at her laptop.
brown cow right behind woman.
A bull directly behind the woman.
A square pizza with massive hunks of cheese being pulled from an oven.
Pizza being placed in the oven.
The bear holding the lamb.
a teddy bear with another animal in its arms.
A partially visible person sitting on a blue stool next to some green bananas.
Person wearing a brown and red dress.
A short refrigerator with white cups on top covered in alphabet magnets.
Refridgerator covered with letter magnets and white mugs, fruit and basket stacked on top of it.
A small taptop.
A black laptop next to a cat.
The tennis player with the white shirt and blue shorts.
a man in blue shorts and white tee holding a tennis racquet.
The teen reaching for something on the table who is not wearing a hat.
The man with blonde hair and a black shirt.
An older man in a suit and glasses sitting at a table.
a man in a suit and glasses.
white bird.
the white parrot.
A person in a shirt that says city on it.
man wearing a sweatshirt with the word city printed on it sits just out of view.
A ram with small horns standing in profile.
A ram with smaller horns in the woods.
A cow with a yellow ear tag.
A white cow with a tagged ear standing in front of a rocky stone wall.
The bed on the right of the picture that is furthest from the wall by the desk.
Bed on the right that we only see part of.
Sheep standing in a field.
the sheep in the field.
plane connected to terminal.
The front end of a jet at the gate.
A dog lying down and relaxing on top of an orange blanket.
The bed and the dog that is laying completely down.
The white statue with the largest visible shadow.
a big vase with kids playig on it.
A MAN  IN WHITE SHIRT TALKING ON HIS PHONE.
A man with a whtie shirt is standing next to another man and a umbrella.
Man sitting on a brown ottoman in front of a man playing a musical instrument.
A rear view of a man sitting down playing a horn.
Black handlebars of a bike to the left of a maroon colored bike.
the chair to the right of the fireplace.
Brown chair on far right of picture.
Two zebras standing side by side with another behind them.
A zibra walking ahead of other two zibras.
a woman's hand on the left.
the hand reflection in the left most mirror.
a policeman standing in the background of an interview.
An officer standing at attention behind a woman.
A man about to get his hair cut sitting in a chair.
man getting haircut.
a table with a white tablecloth with items on top.
this is a table with a white tablecloth.
The smallest cow in the middle.
baby cow with yellow tag.
man on the skateboard.
a man on a skateboard with black pants on.
giraffe leaning his neck forward and standing in front of another giraffe.
Two giraffes standing next to eachother at the zoo.
A woman in a black coat with a white button playing Nintendo Wii.
Girl wearing a black shirt.
boy in yellow shirt.
A darker brown suitcase in between two other suitcases.
A lady with a maroon coat.
OLDER WOMAN IN LONG RED COAT.
A wooden table that has two cameras attached to it.
the table that is grayish colored that the camera equipment is on.
Checkered umbrella.
The top of a black-and-white checkered Umbrella and it is open.
A black police officer on a horse.
An African-American sheriff.
A MAN STAND BEHIND SHIP.
A guy wearing a cowboy hat.
A person in jeans in the doorway behind the cake.
The person standing in the far back center.
A green park bench with two women sitting on it.
the bench.
A brown cow.
Brown cow.
A wooden table with a bowl of soup on it.
A table holding a Man's soup.
chair on which the baby is sitting.
the back of a high chair for the baby sitting in it.
A red chair behind a pole with lights on it.
A red plastic chair partially hidden behind a pole wrapped in lights.
a man in brown pants at a parking meter.
A man in a striped shirt and sunglasses puts money into a parking meter.
A plaintain is on the edge of the plate.
A white and black sailboat between two other boats.
White boat between a black boat and white, black and red boat on a river.
a bred on tabule.
a wrapped piece of bread on the right of the package.
person in white t.
A woman in a white shirt.
A blue and orange motorcycle with a man on top.
An orange and blue motorcycle in a group photo of a bike club.
The far right skis.
The rightmost planks.
a black and white photograph of a motoscooter.
A black and white printed poster of an older scooter hanging on the wall.
The left half of a black couch.
An elephant that is not in the water.
Elephant out of water.
The set of skiis resting on the man's shoulder.
The leftmost ski.
A lady in yellow dress holding a snow board.
A woman in a yellow jacket holding one end of a snowboard.
girl in pink dress and leggings playing wii.
Girl wearing a pink skirt.
A large red barge floating in the water.
The large red and grey.
A table with a yellow tableclothe and birthday cake with stars on the table.
A multilayer childrens cake with colorful accents.
A piece of broccoli next to closest row of squash.
The racket being held by the man in white.
A black tennis racket with a black handle.
Man getting a haircut.
The person who is getting their hair cut.
A man wearing a football and shorts standing next to a fireplace and shelf.
The man in the blue shirt.
motorcycle cop close to median.
Zebra with light brown spiked up hair standing behind a fence.
A zebra with a prominent tuft of hair on his forehead.
Girl in a dark blue demin jacket walking in the rain.
Dark skinned woman in a blue jean jacket with a scarf in her hair.
Tennis racket leaning against the man.
the racket thats set next to the man.
lettuce and another green on a yellow plate.
a zebra standing in front of another zebra on a dirt trail.
The zebra has a nice profile.
the chair behind the horse's tail.
the chair behind the horse on the right in the right hand picture.
A man playing with two small boys.
A man in a black shirt plays soccer with his kids.
The gentleman in a backwards baseball cap in a white tee shirt and white shorts.
A man dressed in a white t-shirt and white shorts with a black and white hat holding out his hand on a tennis court.
A girl wearing a black shit watches a boy play Wii.
A woman with maroon color sleeveless top.
A red and white with black windows city bus that is not in service.
A red color NOT IN SERVICE bus is standing on the service place.
A blue and white vase.
A piece of blue and white pottery.
A woman wearing a brown shirt playing wii.
the woman in the brown sweater.
A woman in a military uniform.
An actress in an old movie.
the horse standing behind the man who is standing also that has a hat and green coat on.
baseball player preparing to swing bat.
A RUGBY PLAYER BATTING WEARING WHITE COLOR DRESS.
A person wearing a pink shirt and light colored pants.
a woman in pink blurred out beside a kid.
The person getting their hair cut.
Awoman in the salon doing her haircut.
A knife on a white plate.
A black knife.
A big elephant with long trunk crossing road in the jungle.
An elephant that has already stepped onto the road.
A woman riding on the bicycle with a basket in front.
A blonde riding a bike.
A placemat covered by a white plate.
A neutral-toned placement underneath a breakfast plate.
The donut shown frying.
A donut floats as it fries in hot oil.
The woman prepares the artichoke in a bowl for dinner.
A plate with a vegetable in it.
A man is in the middle of two men riding on skis.
a person skiing wearing a white hat.
A horse on the driver's side.
The lead horse.
A small giraffe standing in front of another giraffe to the right of him and green trees to the left.
A giraffe with another leaning over its back.
A boy wearing a striped sweater.
A young boy reading a comic.
Zebra in the front staring at the camera.
giraffe turned left side.
A red double decker bus displaying the number nine.
A red, double decker bus.
baby giraffe bending down.
The giraffe that is in between two other giraffes.
Man and woman sitting on a couch.
A woman on the couch wearing a white sweater.
An orange behind a stem of a pear.
the orange in the back on the right.
A zebra next to a dirt road following another zebra that is already in the road.
A zebra walking through the brush behind another zebra.
A man, wearing a helmet, is riding a motorcycle on a gravel road.
the man on the black motorcycle.
the zebra on the far right.
a zebra eating grass walking to the right in front of another zebra.
seat next to man.
The banch the man is sitting on.
tallest bird.
the flamingo with the outstretched neck.
The man with the stripped tank top.
A man wearing a striped tank top.
A white guy in the middle.
A man in a black visor in between two other people.
A clock with Roman numerals underneath a weather vane.
clock in the middle.
A green desk chair in a hotel room.
a black office chair sitting at a desk.
the person is sitting on bicycle, and watching somewhere else.
A man riding on a bike on the boardwalk.
a cake with candles in it.
A birthday cake with candles.
A traffic signal with a white arrow pointing straight down.
A multi-colored wheel on top of another one.
A mix of veggies.
There is a white bowl with diced peppers.
A wicker chair behind and to the right of a bread bowl.
The wicker chair that is beside the bread.
A light green plant with long leaf's.
plant next to the bicycle.
TV displaying man on dog.
A television screen that says, man on dog.
GREEN PLASTIC CHAIR.
green plastic chair.
A bear holding a present.
A small doll with a gift in hand.
A man with a striped button up shirt.
the standing man wearing a plaid shirt and glasses.
A woman next to a small child.
a woman eating a piece of cake.
a pink/black chair.
A small wrought iron chair with a wooden seat.
A red and gray train on the furthest right track.
The train that is most to the right.
girl standing up.
A girl in a white shirt.
the blanket on left picture.
wooden dining room chair that is furthest from the kitchen.
A vehicle in back of a large mirror.
a white color car behind a photo.
an asian boy in a green long sleeved shirt playing wii.
oriental boy in green shirt.
person wearing black and gray on left side of frisbee.
A man bending holding a frisbee.
A glass with a Pepsi logo.
the hands holding the controller.
A BASEBALL PLAYER IN A WHITE JERSEY HITTING THE BALL.
A baseball player in blue and white hitting a baseball.
A crisply made bed with a green object on one pillow.
The real image of a bed beside the mirror.
A tin bull of different kinds of fruit made to look like flowers.
A bowl with berries, oranges and several other decorative fruits.
large portion of pizza leftover.
The pizza shown.
An elephant crossing a stream in front of another elephant.
A slice of pizza with only cheese by the knife.
A cut piece of pizza, still on the plate, near the knife.
the far left couch.
The couch to the left of the lamp.
The three apples.
The 3 green apples.
A woman standing with one leg bent.
The woman to the left of the other woman.
A laptop on the bed in front to two other laptops.
the front computer in the right hand picture.
The woman holding the purple umbrella holding the monkey.
A woman with a purple umbrella with a monkey on it.
A older man reading a book on the train.
The person holding a book.
flower in a glass vase.
A vase with flowers blooming.
A baby holding a carrot and wearing green.
Baby with a green shirt holding a carrot.
An elephant in front of other elephants with trunk visible.
The elephant in between the other two.
A person wearing brown pants and white sneakers standing next to vegetables.
The person in brown pants.
white toilet.
A white porcelain toilet.
Checkered chair closer to the wine glass.
The chair next to the wall on the left.
A giraffe standing with his head held high with dark brown spots on white.
giraffe standing straight up.
the side of a white oven.
white stove on the left of mess in a kitchen.
Guy in blue shirt with white logo on it.
A man in dark clothing with his arms raised to catch a Frisbee.
A man with dark hair, a white jacket with red trim at the neck.
the cook on the left nearest to the camera.
A blonde woman holding a device.
a woman holding a phone.
A truck with blue color side of another truck.
A white strewn wine bottle.
a brown horse in a trailer.
A brown with a black tail horse in a device so it can be taken places easily.
giraffe with head higher than fence.
the tallest giraffe.
Lowest bottle of wine.
A white binder laying underneath a pizza box.
a book with white cover placed under pizza box.
A white man wearing a black sweater and holding a white paper.
A man in a black sweater.
A park bench with a cat sitting underneath.
A bench with a cat underneath and a bird on top.
The table top area under the green bottle.
A table that a bottle sits on.
a glass in front of the side of the cake.
The side of a white frosted cake.
orange t shirt and white shoe.
A player in orange standing between the two girls in red.
A part of a cellphone to the far left.
man holding phone.
a person in jeans and a blue shirt.
The man with the brick in his hand.
a man kneeling.
Zebra to woman's right.
The giraffe to the far right.
A brown bottle.
A brownish red bottle with white label on a blue bench.
Bench to left of other bench.
a bench facing to the left.
The picture of the nokia phone on the box.
A picture of a Nokia cell phone.
A person in a blue shirt and blue hat standing with their hands behind their back.
Woman in black shorts and blue shirt.
SILVER COLOURED LONG SITTING BENCH.
The long metal bench.
A blue motorcycle.
Black motorcycle parked on the street.
A purple place mat underneath a plate of pizza.
A silver car behind a blond woman.
A silver car parked right up against the back of a sign.
Horizontal skateboard at back.
An asian person sitting in the middle.
The man who is sitting on the orange chair in the center of the group.
glass with milk.
A glass of milk.
two people on motorcyle: man in a blue jacket & jeans with woman around his neck wearing  brown sweater & jeans a.
Two people sitting on back of a bike.
A man wearing white T shirt holding a Tennis Bat.
A white male with white shirt and blue sweatpants, holding a racket in right hand while standing on a tennis court.
the top mattress with the multicolor sheets.
A red, yellow and green striped blanket on the top bunk of bunk beds.
Edinburgh Tour Green Luxury Bus.
a green Edinburgh bus behind another green Edinburgh bus.
An adult sheep sitting with some little sheep.
Adult lamb laying in grass next to two babbies.
The granite countertop that has bar stools at it.
a side of a bar with several bar stools next to it.
the luggage with a green and red tag on it.
A red suitcase with a green luggage tag.
a big pink umbrella.
pink umbrella in mans hand.
The woman with the ball.
a man in a black T-shirt kicking a soccer ball.
a man eating a sandwich.
the man eating the sandwich.
A jockey smiling in between two horses.
The woman standing between the horses.
A asian woman wholding her hand to her face.
An asian man in glasses sitting at a table.
ANA labeled plane.
A very long, blue and white airplane parked alone near other airplanes.
Littlr boy in a red shirt.
Two small children talking to an asian man in front of an elephant.
A man in a white a red uniform with a bat laying against his shoulder.
A baseball player with the number 20 on his back.
A man with black shorts and a balck shirt on walking towards the photographer.
a man wearing shorts and a black tshirt.
A person with a laptop on their lap.
Someone's outstretched legs.
THE ZEBRA IN THE FRONT.
Zebra in front of other zebra.
woman looking at her phone.
A woman in a striped shirt.
the black sofa in the hall.
The chair that the cat is sleeping on.
three zebras standing on a rock.
a zebra standing between two fighting zebras.
The traffic signal has 3 colours of light.
A signal post, green signal is glowing.
Slice of cheese pizza with a piece of broccoli.
the tomato and brocoli on the pizza.
person wearing black shirt and blue jeans.
A person wearing blue jeans and a dark colored t shirt is standing with a good shoe.
person driving with both hands on wheel.
A man driving a car on the street as he passes a cow walking towards him.
A suitcase being tossed by a woman in a black costume.
A brown suitcase being held by a lady in a black costume.
A snowboard with black rings.
The bottom of a snowboard.
A cup filled with a brown liquid.
A beverage sitting on the table.
Horse's head.
A brown horses head.
A baby elephant.
An elephant that is relatively small.
The rear profile of a brown horse with its head raised.
A brown horse with its black tail facing toward the camera.
A blue umbrella with flower designs, being held by a woman wearing a blue hujab and a white shirt.
green flower umbrella.
A small brown dish behind the plate.
The small bowl of food to the back right.
A white, shaved sheep to the right of two other sheep.
the white sheep near the dog in the right hand picture.
A dark blue rolling office chair.
They office chair with the teddy bear sitting on it.
a baby with a bow in her hair and her hand in her mouth.
baby.
A woman using a pie server to frost fresh donuts.
women was cooking in kitchen.
A brown patterned chair directly behind a young boy at a table.
The chair directly behind the little boy.
A HAND WHICH HOLDING A CIGARETTE.
A man who is having cigars on his hand.
keyboard for desktop computer.
A keyboard for a desktop computer, it is black and in front of the monitors.
A boy with a light blue shirt looking to the side.
A child wearing a collared shirt to the right of to other children.
girl in background with bow in hair.
A baby in the background, laying on his momma's shoulder.
An empty chair pushed under the table.
on office chair next to a coffee cup.
bench in the middle.
A wooden park bench between two identical park benches.
The brown bag on the man's back.
the man's purse in the right hand picture.
The glass of ice water.
A cup of ice water in a clear cup.
A person wearing all black sitting in the snow.
Snowboarder in black hoodie on ground.
A baseball player in black dress with a bat in his hand.
A baseball umpire stands behind a catcher on a baseball field.
a person with a green winter hat holding a jar of something.
desk with wire hole with coffee cup sitting on it.
A section of table to the right of a laptop.
A brown chair that's being sat upon by a woman with a laptop.
A brown couch with a woman sitting on it.
Middle horse with dark mane and darker hair.
The front wheel of a bike and the left black shoe of the cyclist.
the bicycle driven by the man wearing track dress in which "PALO ALTO" is written.
A picture of a piece of vegetable and it's stalk with dark green leaves.
The stalks of a green vegetable.
An out of focus woman sits behind a wine glass.
Girl with dark hair wearing black jacket.
a huge grizzly bear looking down at the water.
A big bear trying to catch fish in the river.
The two urinals in the left of the image.
The two urinals directly below the picture of the statue on the wall.
plane with just tail visible.
A teddy bear with a striped top and a black bow on its head.
A teddy bear to the right of another bear.
purple table cloth.
The side of the purple table.
this is a woman wearing a brown shirt.
The chest and face of the woman sitting in the brown chair.
the man in the light blue shirt, with black hair and sideburns, working on the laptop computer.
A man wearing a blue shirt typing on a laptop.
A woman in a red dress.
a woman in red holds a child.
A green and yellow bull.
The cow figurine that is painted green and yellow.
Bag of greens with yellow stems.
Wrapped, leafed lettuce, sitting behind wrapped carrots.
The backside of the middle horse of a group of three horses in a parade.
A horse centered between two others.
Baby bear.
small bear.
a large black suitcase stacked between two smaller suitcases.
A large  grey soft sided suitcase with wheels attached.
half of a cheese-stake sandwich to the left of a fork.
Half of a sandwich on a plate aligned vertically.
The pile of unpackaged oranges.
A large amount of oranges.
The brown kitchen table surrounded by two chairs.
A table next to the kitchen.
umbrella on the right in the right hand picture.
A large pool umbrella, to the right of two other umbrellas.
the nonblurry kid.
A little girl in polka dotted pants avoiding another child.
A hand holds a wine bottle while pouring the wine.
A hand pours wine from a bottle into an upheld glass.
A white sofa with white cushions facing the telephone.
The back of a tan loveseat, facing the larger couch of the same color.
A hand holding a chocolate covered doughnut with sprinkles.
hand holding a chocolate donut.
A chestnut horse with a thin white mark going down its face.
A brown horse with a thin white strip down its nose.
The woman in black with her arm around the other woman.
The woman in the black sweater holding the cake.
A white lover seat that faces the fireplace.
The white chair facing the fireplace.
An apple on the left side of an orange.
A red apple that the boy on the right is holding in his right hand.
9424 bus.
A city bus, number 42, driving through an intersection.
The duck with the green head.
A duck with a black and green head.
Second largest elephant.
The second largest elephant.
A man in a dark blue shirt reaching for the frisbee.
a man was playing in blue t-shirt.
A bird with a black head and white breast with beak facing to the left.
A black and white bird facing left.
Shortest elaborate vase.
design glass.
A man with tan pants holding onto a chair.
A man standing next to a chair and a table with a cake on it.
a young man who does not have a laptop on his lap.
The man without the laptop.
A small giraffe in front of another giraffe.
Smaller giraffe walking in the brown grass and dirt.
A airplane that is in front of another airlplane.
The toy airplane is on the grass.
dark mule carrying bags.
A dark brown donkey carrying bags strapped down to its middle and being led with a rope by the man on the horse.
an african american man sitting in the base ball fied with an umberlla.
A baseball usher sitting on the dugout with a black and orange Baltimore Oriels umbrella.
A pizza with white cheese and greens.
4 slices of cheese and spinach pizza.
A vehicle obscured by a dust cloud.
There is truck back of jeep.
the little girl on the left.
a girl with curly hair.
Baby elephant resting his trunk on a wooden fence.
An elephant putting wooden logs in its mouth.
angry boy eating a doughnut.
Bored man holding a donut.
A Small boy given food to giraffe.
child in stripes.
A woman in a tie-dyed shirt wearing white shoes.
tennis player on the left in white shorts.
The boar on the right with a red object at the back.
A boat on  the right.
a woman not wearing glass is standing near the pillar.
THE WOMAN VERY NEAR TO THE FENCING POST IS SMILING.
A chair with a multicolored jacket draped across the back.
a chair with a colorful quilt on it.
taylor's wine.
bottle of taylors.
The cupcakes with a baseball desing over them.
Cupcakes in  the shape of a baseball.
the man in dressed in all black.
A guy all dressed in black with a hat on with a colorful strap around his shoulders.
boy wearing blue shirt.
A little boy in a blue shirt is sitting at the dinner table.
The top right sausage in the pile.
mans arm hanging.
A man wearing a white shirt and black vest.
A wooden chair sitting in the corner next to a few rolls of toilet paper.
The chair has nothing on it and is in the corner of the wall.
The shorter giraffe.
A runner on base in a baseball game.
the runner in the white uniform.
Boat with a brown top.
The boat with the brown etching.
part of a table in the left side of the image.
The space on the table shown between the two plates.
a table with formal place settings at a party.
The table the children are at.
A snowboard with a spiral design.
A yellow and red snowboard.
a yellow big rig with a checkered stripe running down the length of the trailer and cab.
A yellow truck with checkerboard pattern on the side.
A small silver plane with N6594Q printed on the side in black.
N65940 numbered aeroplane.
A man begins to slice into his breakfast while holding a flatware knife.
A man cutting food with a butter knife.
A horse with a white loop around his neck, being ridden by a man in a black and red hat.
Horse without white marking on its face.
The third toilet from the left.
A mostly hidden person's legs and tennis shoes.
The legs of a person watching someone playing wii golf.
A tennis player picking up a ball from a court.
A male tennis player.
a mutton food in the plate.
A yellow plate and silverware.
Person in a white t-shirt next to the potted plant.
Person in white t-shirt.
slice of apple.
A quartered piece of a red apple with skin still on.
Woman with pink earrings.
A woman with large red earrings standing next to two men with a tennis racquet.
a table against the wall.
A wooden table is leaning up against the wall.
A man with grey hair sitting next to a boy.
A small silver round table.
table holding a man's food and drink.
the giraffe on the right side of the picture.
Giraffe on the right.
girl with blue hat and blouse, pink skirt, holding baseball bat.
a girl with floral skirt and tee with baseball ball bat.
A green bird.
the green parrot on the left in the right hand picture.
A nerdy female with a tube she is filling with posters and dirty feet.
A girl sitting on the ground.
A child in a blue shirt being fed cake.
A young boy.
Counter between two women.
a red and brown bar in a room.
woman standing holding hand bag and wearing long sleaved coat.
Woman standing in a park with brown boots on and an old mans gray cap.
Large flat front television inside entertainment center.
TV screen.
The gray car on the street.
BLACK COLOR CAR STANDING THE ROAD SIDE POSITION  ONE MAN SPEAKING THE CELLPHONE.
A man in a red shirt.
A man in a red shirt eating sweets with his friend.
A small elephant on the right side of the other elephant thats standing.
An elephant with its trunk in its mouth.
A sofa facing a television.
A man dressed in black.
A man in a black shirt.
A man with a camera standing behind another man with a camera.
A woman hitting a tennis ball to the right of an identical woman.
A player who is playing in the right side.
A woman in dark clothing holding a large kite.
A arm of a person wearing a black shirt with pink lines.
the person sitting with a dark shirt and pink print on it.
Green bench that the two people are sitting on.
The bench where the couple is sitting.
A man drinking some wine whill another man looks at the bottles.
the man with a white and blue shirt.
Fabric that was cut with scissors.
The paper on the table.
a man in a nice suit cutting a large cake.
Man in dark suit cutting the cake.
A glass of red wine with another glass of red wine to the right, and a glass of white wine to the left.
The glass with the less amount of red wine.
The screen of the Dell computer in the middle.
Middle, main laptop.
A man with a beanie holding a phone up to his ear.
a black and whit picture of a man wearing a cap and talking on his cell phone.
the white table in the front.
a plate full of different desserts.
man with glasses an white tshirt on holding baby.
man with glasses.
a man scooping ice cream by the road side.
A person in blue jacket taking ice cream.
A giraffe in a zoo looking left.
the tallest giraffe.
dark brown teddy bear behind other bears with green slip of paper.
The dark brown bear.
motorcyle.
A dirt bike setting outside a busy shop beside a bicycle.
a zebra on its hind legs to the right of another.
a rearing zebra with its head above another zebra.
A zebra with his head down almost to the ground grazing on grass.
a zebra eating grass.
Passenger on train wearing a blue and white striped shirt.
Train window.
The donut on the right.
A glazed donut on a white plate.
Giraffe looking away from camera into some trees, with another giraffe in the background.
A giraffe looking to the right.
A skier in a professional red skiing suite looking behind.
A man in a white hat on skiis talking.
A small baby zebra with black and white stripe.
A zebra looking at the camera through the legs of an elephant.
skateboard in the middle with black shoe and brown pant leg touching.
skateboard in the middle of two other skateboards.
A sheep sitting down in the grass.
A wooly sheep sitting in some sparse grass to one side of a standing sheep.
Giraffe getting attacked by another Giraffe.
the giraffe standing in the middle.
A pair of skis a woman with purple pants is standing on.
the woman's skis.
A woman in striped pants holding a game controller.
Women holding Wii remotes.
part of the fridge right under the cat and with the circle logo on it.
the bike to the right in the reflection.
A man lifting his leg.
man in black hooded coat.
A man facing away from the camera in a black jacket and jeans.
A yamaha motor bike next to red and white tape that says yamaha.
The blue motorcycle in front of the garage.
A black and blue motorcycle.
FRONT PART OF A RED COLOURED FIRE ENGINE.
a red fire truck with its ladder extended.
Wooden chair with a white cushion.
A natural colored wooden chair with white cushion.
chair.
The man in black looking at something.
Two office workers, working on their computers.
A white-haired man talking on a phone.
A white haired man talking on a cellphone.
A pizza on the plate, which have one bitten piece of pizza.
A ham and mushroom pizza.
The man in the background with the brown shorts.
The back of a man walking away in a black jacket and brown shorts.
An adult giraffe standing behind a baby giraffe.
GIRAFFE IN THE MIDDLE.
A giraffe standing directly behind a smaller giraffe.
the Stop sign.
The red 8 sided stop sign.
A giant bear with a white shirt and black pants on.
A teddy bear figure with a British Guard's hat on, to the left of an Asian woman.
The zebra with the higher head.
A zebra laughing as another zebra bites his neck.
The tables that the person shown is seated at.
A brown table with a plate and cup of coffee.
Vegetable and noodle bowl.
a yellow plastic tray behind another yellow plastic tray.
A giraffe looking to the right, standing up.
a tall giraffe facing to the right.
the bananas.
Bananas and chikus.
The woman wearing the red glasses.
A woman wearing glasses and a blue tie looking towards something.
A red teddy bear between 2 teddy bears on the left and 3 on the right.
man.
a man wearing a purple headband posing in the snow on a pair of skis.
Glass window pane on the side of a cat sitting in bottom of a flower pot.
the lighter colored green plant.
A brown wooden chair next to a plate of pizza.
Chair furthest to the left.
Child holding green racquet.
A baby in a red shirt.
The Zebra in the back.
The zebra in the background.
The red tie that the asian man is wearing.
red necktie.
The person holding their hand out on the right.
a woman wearing black sweater.
Apple wireless keyboard.
The keyboard not attached to the laptop.
The man dressed in the black suit.
a man in a black and white tuxedo.
The pile of oranges directly under the scale.
Woman sitting on the ground with a polkadotted dress holding an umbrella.
A woman sitting on the sand wearing a checked dress and holding a white umbrella.
A man wearing a baseball uniform holding up a bat to the side.
A baseball player wearing the number 14 and swinging a bat.
A guy smiling while holding a closed umbrella, he is wearing a black beanie cap.
guy with mouth open.
There are two giraffes and this one is on the left.
A tall giraffe facing right.
Two giraffes with crossed necks.
the giraffe that seems to be facing the tallest giraffe.
A pair of scissors with an orange handle sits to the right of another pair of scissors.
orange handled scissors on right side.
man with snowboard.
The guy holding the snowboard.
A very big teddy bear.
The biggest stuffed animal bear.
A man sitting in the bench and hugging a lady.
The man on the left.
A CAT IN THE BED.
A BROWN COLOURED CAT IS LYING ON A BED.
The cake has powdered sugar on top.
A top layer of the 5 layer cake.
The computer that has a flat screen and is in the niddle of the other two.
the computer labeled with 'the itunes'.
A blurry blue car behind a man and woman riding a motorbike.
Blue blurry car.
Chair with a man sitting in it.
The chair that the man on the phone is sitting on.
big green umbrella, in foreground.
green beach umbrella.
The top hot dog in a row of four.
The hot dog link that is closest to a cup.
The green controller.
A green phone.
The midsection of a giraffe.
a giraffe in the center of a group of giraffes.
a giraffe in full facing front with its neck bent down.
The slice of pizza that has green peppers next to the pasta.
The vegetable slice to the left.
woman in blue coat.
an old woman sitting on bench with old man.
The woman on skis wearing black.
A person in black with red shoes.
right duplicate image of tennis player.
lady who is playing in the right side of the image.
A baseball pitcher with jersey number 21 holding the ball in his right hand.
The baseball pitcher holding the baseball.
A white container with steamed carrots in it.
White plastic bowl of carrots and hummus next to white bowls of other food.
A smiling man holding up a large pizza.
a man holding a very large pizza.
The man with a yellow flower in his hair, to the left of the small child.
A man with yellow flower on ear and tennis racket on hand, sitting near his kid.
The white surfboard on the right side of the picture.
A white surfboard that is being carried across the beach.
The person in the black top sitting behind the toddler.
Dark area behind child's head.
The boy that is skiing.
Young boy on water skis.
A bald man in a white tee shirt looking at his phone.
The man in the black zippered shirt.
The adult zebra behind the other zebras facing right.
Biggest zebra among the three zebras.
The gentleman wearing a baseball cap standing to the left of the giraffe.
man in jeans.
The man in red.
The man in the red shirt carrying baseball bats.
the front wheel of the motorcycle.
The dirtbike that man is riding on.
A dog with brown ears leaning out a window.
A dog looks at another dog from a car window.
An elderly lady in a green dress is trying to get up from a bench.
an old lady being helped.
smaller cat on right side of windows.
The smaller cat.
A RED FOLDING CHAIR BESIDE A RED TABLE.
the red chair opposing the person with black shoes.
train cars.
a man wearing white shirt standing next to the table.
A man in a light colored shirt.
the wooden boat on the far right.
a rowboat to the right of another rowboat.
A woman helping the child ski.
This is a woman in a blue jacket.
A little girl blowing out candles on a cake.
girl in pink dress.
Girl in a blue shirt.
person in blue.
The man wearing the black helmet and navy shirt.
Gentle man driving bicycle.
A gray cat sitting next to a stuffed animal.
The real gray cat with the green eyes.
A girl with black hair wearing a blazer and jeans.
An asian woman wearing blue jeans.
A man that has a brown shirt standing.
A man in a brown shirt holding a beer.
a small silver colored refrigerador with a possibly broken door leaning on its front.
A small refrigerator.
A white cow peeking out behind a tan and white cow.
Solid white cow with wrinkles between eyes and on neck.
Foliage behind the cat's head.
A short white ceramic planter.
A girl playing a tamborine on a couch sitting next to her friends.
ladies sitting on futon with tamborine.
A slice of pizza.
the slice of pizza with the most visible bubbly crust.
Grey colored sopha with cream colored pillows on it.
chair behind the boy wearing a Hurley shirt.
the asian guy seated to the right.
Smiling man in a grey shirt.
A boy in red about to kick a soccer ball.
A boy in a red and white soccer uniform is about to kick a ball while a boy in a green soccer uniform attempts to prevent him from doing so.
man walking clenching newspaper.
A man wearing sunglasses and holding something while walking by a store front.
A small boy with baseball gloves.
A young boy in a red baseball jersey.
elephant on right.
An elephant trunk raised.
a boy wearing a red colour dress  seeing their animals.
Boy standing toward the back side in the left most side of the image.
The terracotta pot on the black head.
A terracotta planter in a pedestal.
A baseball player at bat, poised to take a swing.
A baseball player wearing white.
the first train car with green borders and black jelly beans.
the second section of a pastry train with green and black frosting.
Black bicycle frame in foreground.
A black colored bicycle in front of a green colored bicycle.
A white laptop sitting on a table.
The white laptop.
A man wearing sunglasses and a black shirt eats a piece of pizza while holding a rubbermaid container.
a man in sunglasses eating pizza.
The train the mn in white is near.
A train to the right side of another train heading in the opposite direction.
A small black car parked in front of a white brick building.
A small black car is parked in front of the closed down church.
Broccoli with a white sauce on a plate next to chicken breast.
Some sort of sauce topping halfed broccoli flourettes.
trunk up elephant.
A pair of elephants interacting.
head of broccoli on right.
A GREEN BROCCOLI NEXT TO THE SAME ONE.
Lady dressed all in white.
A woman with a turquoise purse.
A small horse lays on the beach with the ocean in the background.
A gray horse laying on the sand on the beach.
An elephant with its trunk in its mouth, walking in front of a tree.
elephant in foreground.
A zebra with its ears back standing behind another zebra.
A zebra on the far right.
inside car door.
The inside of a passenger-side car door.
a white animal sitting next to two black ones.
The white animal.
A skateboarder.
Man on skate board has saggy pants.
A silver minivan parked in a parking area.
white color car in the right side of the image.
A large orange upside-down umbrella with blue squares cut out.
A large umbrella painted orange and blue, upside down.
A man with a beard sitting at a table.
a man wearing a blue open shirt smiling at a child.
The small plane in the front.
A white airplane with a flower of sorts on the side.
Glass of beer, not full or empty, next to man wearing a ring on his finger.
The area of oven to the left of the boys legs.
A oven next to the little boy.
A sandwich with a toasted pun and pin holding its toppings in place sits next to a tin bucket of fries.
A hamburger sitting on a plate next to a bucket of french fries.
Queen bed with white linens.
The farther bed.
a red motocycle leaning against a wood shelf.
The bottom of the skateboard.
The skateboard the the girl is riding on that has a zombie on it.
a blue and white motorcycle with black tires.
A blue motorcycle parked facing away from several other motorcycles.
A young man in a blue and white striped shirt watching another person catching a frisbee.
A man with a blue striped shirt standing on a field.
The red car parked behind the sign that reads desviacion.
Red car in inverted image.
A dark brown horse.
A hairy horse with gray  hair.
The man with his hand up.
A man holding up a arm with a wii remote in it wearing a blue shirt.
The grey bag wheeled by the person in jeans.
A BAG ROLLING THROUGH THE FLOOR.
a woman in a blue top holding a large pink donut.
A woman in a blue t-shirt eating a large donut with pink frosting and sprinkles.
A woman in a blue shirt holding an umbrella.
person holding pink umbrella.
Half of a sandwich behind a pint of guinness.
the far away piece of sandwich.
The person in the bathroom.
woman standing in bathroom.
woman in stripes.
A woman in a striped shirt.
A woman in a green shirt playing with a frisbee.
A women in a green shirt and black pants throwing an orange frissbee.
part of a human hand.
A hand touching a keyboard.
The bear in the safari outfit.
The stuffed dog in a uniform.
A woman wearing flowers around her neck posing for a picture.
a woman wearing a blue shirt, jean shorts and a lei having her photo taken.
the black suit case farthest to the left.
black suitcase with brown bag on top of it.
Laptop screen on right.
A laptop screen has a wallpaper of mountains with light coming over them.
A man in blue shorts, red shirt, and red hat.
The player in the red shirt next to the player with the frisbee.
A MAN SITE POST OF THE FACE AND BLUE COLOR TSHIRT.
A man wearing glasses and an opened button shirt looking into a meter.
a truck parked behind an suv.
I see a cream color chair with a pillow on it.
tan chair right side of tree.
The player #52 reaching into his back pocket.
A baseball player wearing the number 52 and trying to get something out of his pocket.
A zebra which is near the giraffe.
Zebra standing next to a giraffe.
Strips of food on the bottom center portion of the plate next to the rice.
Some fries on a plate.
rightmost plant.
A potted plant on the right side of a couch in a naturally lit living room.
A white bus parked next to a lamp post, parked behind a more colorful white/green/blue bus.
A white bus parked a bus stop.
A plate of food on the left of a cheese pizza.
The bowl with wings in it.
A grey car with the yellow license plate next to a white car.
A silver car to the left of a stretch limo.
a bear leading 3 others.
Legs of a bigger bear in behind teh tree.
A small cow standing in grass.
baby cow.
A top of a laptop computer with a foot showing at the top of the laptop.
The object that is blocking the leg and foot.
A black baseball player in a blue helmet is swinging at a baseball on a baseball field.
A baseball player in swinging motion.
A young skateboarder doing a jump on his skateboard.
A man in a red shirt and black hat on a skateboard.
A MAN WEARING BLUE COLOR SUPERMAN T SHIRT SEEING A BARBIE DOLL.
blurry image of man wearing blue shirt with red and yellow logo on chest.
Potted flowers dark pink and light pink on side of city road, a motorcycle police man is nearby.
A grey wooden plant pot sitting with purple and red flowers in between two other grey plant pots with purple and red flowers.
vegetarian pizza on table.
A pizza on a wooden table with leaves and baby tomatoes.
AIRPLANE TAIL WING AT FRONT OF PICTURE.
The white wing and part of the blue body of an airplane on a runway.
Teal bullet train waiting at a station.
a very pretty blue sub way.
giraffe on left.
A long necked giraffe.
a bigger sheep grazing.
A large sheep bending down to graze by a baby sheep.
The bed on the right.
bed and cot on which 2 girls are lying down.
Toilet without toilet paper.
White toilet without a handicap rail near it.
The giraffe facing the other two.
a giraffe between two others.
The picture of the man in a tie on the right.
A man in a tie to the right of another man in a tie.
motorcylce with MPDC on it.
The motorcycle ridden by the police officer.
A dark brown doughnut on a plate.
A brown chocolate doughnut.
A woman on a laptop sitting on a couch.
woman on couch.
a white swan swimming on the left side of another swan.
the swan closest to photographer.
Boy in red sweatshirt and green shorts.
The skater with a red shirt and green shorts.
The motorcycle rier in black.
a guy on a motorcycle.
A man looking at his yellow cellphone.
a man seeing mobile.
man about to catch the ball.
the baseball player in the dark blue catching the ball.
A man in a white sweater and black pants with a stripe hitting a ball to another person.
man with bat.
Side view of the horse.
left zebra.
the piece of chocolate on the top right.
Piece of chocolate on the top right of plate.
a large giraffe head.
A giraffe closest to the camera watching left side.
A motorcycle with a rider is slightly behind and beside another motorcycle and his rider  while driving on a street.
the motorcycle on the right.
the taller zebra.
A zebra standing in front of a smaller zebra.
The giraffe that is looking to te right.
giraffe profile.
A MOTHER WHITE SNOW BEAR PLAYING WITH KID.
a white bear behind a other white bear.
The top of a blonde persons head.
The top portion of a person's head who has light brown hair.
A man wearing a black sweater.
A man watching his son play baseball.
The piece of toast with a jalapeno on the very top near the white plate.
The bread that is on the bottom right hand corner.
girl holding yellow tennis racquet.
a girl facing a windmill.
A bicycle.
bike.
A man in a red hat riding on top of a large animal.
man in yellwow.
guy in green shirt.
player in green shirt.
Helmet and back of biker on purple cycle.
a person wearing a black helmet.
Large Rottweiler dog sitting on top of the bed.
Pet dog looking for Master.
a man with black pants and a blue t shirt.
person sitting on sofa wearing black pants and blue shirt.
A man with a white shirt and black shorts holding a tennis racket on the ground.
A male tennis player holding a racket.
a woman in a white shirt.
woman in grey shirt sitting at table.
A plate of mixed fruits and vegetables.
tray of sliced carrot, cucumber,tomato and dip.
dark blue and white electric toothbrush.
An electric toothbrush on the right side of a row of other items.
Man playing wii wearing a red University of Georgia shirt.
A man sitting on the couch playing wii in a red University of Georgia shirt.
The monitor with the least amount of white on it.
A bottle of ketchup is next to the hot sauce.
The bottle of Heinz Tomato Ketchup.
The black cow behind the white cow.
brown cow behind white one.
Reflection of cup holding toothbrushes.
Unusual map hanging on wall.
the ornament on the wall over the mans left shoulder.
woman brushing teeth.
a woman looking in a mirror, brushing her teeth.
A black bird in flight.
A bird taking flight.
black bird.
A donut with nuts.
The donut with the brown icing and nuts on top.
A box spring with a stain on the side of it.
the mattress further away.
A white ski worn by a person wearing purple boots.
A young man is holding a child while standing and smiling.
a woman holding a baby.
sofa at which a lable is been sticked.
a purse nearest lot mobile in the table.
2 black notebooks stacked on a desk.
A woman in a gray and yellow hoodie playing tennis.
A player with grey jacket.
Books on a table.
Clutter on a table.
the lettuce in the sandwich under the tomato.
A man in a brown hooded jacket and jeans pulling a black suitcase.
Person carring a luggage.
a woman snowboarding.
The snowboarder that is flying in the air.
Wooden patio chair sitting in the sun apart from the other chairs.
A wooden slatted chair facing and sitting opposite the grill.
A model engine pulling a red passenger car with a silver roof.
A small gray train that has some red on the side that is located on the bottom left side of the screen next to the roof of a building.
the lighter tented canvas cover.
A light blue tent.
a boy in a blue shirt.
A boy in a blue shirt sitting in another boy's lap.
The white van in the background.
A silver van.
The snow skis in the forefront of the picture.
the skis under the man in the white helment.
the lawn chair the woman is sitting on.
A white chair with a woman sitting on it.
A cat in a bed to the right of another cat.
A cat, sitting in a cushion, with all its paws inside the cushion.
Pizza pieces kept on the table with other two pieces near it.
A slice of pizza in front of two other slices.
A man jumping with a skateboard.
a man doing a trick on a skateboard.
a woman for eating.
Women in glasses.
The black truck.
A black pickup truck with a website and phone number on the side.
A man riding a motorcyle in front of the others that has blue lights.
A motorcycle with blue, orange, red and white lights.
A chocolate glazed donut.
The darkest donut shown.
black chair on which the man is sitting.
A black color sofa is near to the windows.
A man in a dark blue sweater and glasses.
A male wearing glasses eats pizza at a table with soda drinks nearby.
the large black vase next to the other vases.
Central vase.
The motorcycle park behind the car.
A parked motorcycle on the right of the other motorcycle.
Man on the right with short sleeves.
The gentleman to the far right of the photo in the gray shirt facing the camera.
A small bear next to the silver tub.
A bear close to the feeding bin.
The man jumping with the skateboard.
A man with a tattoed arm doing a trick on a skateboard.
a floral vase to the left of a larger vase.
the floral vase in the back left of the picture.
a piece of pizza with a server on it.
A slice of pizza with a serving tool on top is shown.
the back right chair.
The background chair to the right of the coffee.
The chair that is part of a matching set and is furthest from the tv.
A tan colored office chair back.
back of chair.
Transit Bus 6739 running the 64Foster/Canfield route pulling up to a bus stop to pick up a passenger wearing a blue jacket.
A white bus heading to Foster/Canfield.
the goat in front of the other goat.
A black an white goat in front of another goat.
leg of person with Nike black shoes.
LEGS ON RIGHT SIDE OF SCREEN ONE WITH WHITE SHOE AND ONE BLACK AND WHITE SHOE.
the food in the bag.
Green vegetables in a plastic bag beside oranges and other fruit on the table.
The front of a black and green motorcycle.
A navy blue and silver gas tank on a black and silver bike frame with a mirror sticking up.
The back of a blue station wagon parked on the street.
Blue wagon with slanted back.
Parking meter to the left with stickers on the side that say V, 08, and 05.
A parking meter with stickers on the side saying v 08 05.
A child in a blue shirt holding a bat.
A boy in a blue shirt and batting helmet hitting balls in a batting cage.
Arms and back of wood chair under bear in blue.
The chair on the right.
A beige teddy bear with a black and red striped scarf and red plaid paws.
teddy bear sitting at the right most side among the four.
bed too the left.
A mattress with a metal headboard and a product sign.
The computer screen furthest to the right.
Computer monitor to right of others.
A brown and gold love seat with gold pillows.
A brown couch with six pillows.
A food truck called Docs.
Doc's Foodtruck.
The orange motorcycle.
new model orange color motor cycle.
Professional baseball player.
A baseball player wearing a white and orange uniform.
The boy in the suit.
A young man with brown hair in a black suit, with a black hat with sunglasses resting on it.
A raised Southwest storage bed on a truck.
a trailer with Southwest.com written on it.
A large bowl of donuts next to paper towels.
the keyboard of the laptop with six user icons.
A keyboard for a black laptop.
A blue car with a smashed rear window and an A above the bumper.
Blue car with a red A on it.
the girl in the long sleeved red shirt.
Woman with red sweater and blue jeans sitting on the top bunk.
The cup of coffee.
The cup of coffee by the plate.
Two giraffes with their necks touching each other.
the giraffe in the right.
the hood of a vechile.
The hood of the blue car driving in the right hand lane.
An infant wearing a yellow shirt with green stripes and yellow shorts.
A baby girl in yellow and green who is standing next to a bed.
A large black pick-up truck with a white trailer hitched to it.
a car in the road.
The piece of apple core laying next to the knife on the table.
single fruit at front.
A chair on the left side.
The chair furthest left, behind the table.
A dark umbrella being held by a man holding a suitcase.
Black umbrella over man wearing messenger bag and carrying small dark case.
A man's left leg, with part of a cat sitting on it.
The lap the cat is lying on.
A dappled gray horse pulling a red cart.
The grey horse with its whole body visible.
Tennis player further from the the white line.
A tennis player with both feet on the green court.
Fork in girl's left hand.
a beard man sitting along with a man with a cap.
A ma in a white shirt is sitting on the couch.
Baseball player carrying light blue backpack.
Baseball player wearing the number 54 with a light blue backpack walking across the field.
woman sitting down in green coat.
A woman in a green jacket with her eyes closed.
an unoccupied table to the left of where the lady is sitting.
A woman wearing a yellow shirt and red pants rolled up.
A woman in a yellow top holding a tray of glasses.
A white toilet with an ivory colored seat and lid.
Toilet with its seat cover up in.
A red umbrella.
red umbrella in lady's hand.
A man taking a picture with his cell phone.
A man with glasses taking a picture or video with his cell phone.
White and brown wooden kitchen chair.
A white wooden chair in a kitchen.
the snowboard that is red and blue.
a brown and blue snow board with red feet holders.
a white and blue motorcycle.
motorcycle.
The remote with blue glowing buttons.
A black remote with blue buttons.
a tall back leather office chair.
The rolling leather chair is in front of the shelf.
a bull showing his whole face and half of the other bull.
The cow looking at the camera.
The giraffe to the right of the tree.
A giraffe with his head partially blocked by a tree.
Sailor looking at the camera cutting a cake with a sword, hands on top.
A woman in black bikini on a beach playing frisbee.
woman in black bikini with black hair standing on the right.
A worker in yellow boots leaning over near a silver fire hydrant.
the worker on the left.
A black bag on another bag in a toilet.
a black case is on top of a brown one.
cabinet to the left of the man.
A black cabinet that is next to a white cabinet.
striped zebra looking up with black mohawk\.
The zebra that is facing left.
Man who is on top of the waves.
A man standing on a surfboard.
zebra with its youngone.
Zebra standing with her baby who is nursing.
a man sitting in a carriage while wearing a striped shirt.
Man in a grey shirt riding a carriage.
Blurry toothbrush on the right.
A reflection of a white and blue manual toothbrush.
a man wearing a purple shirt.
A man sits at a table with a woman.
A grey car parked in front of a bench with a woman and beige knee high boots.
a silver hatchback vehicle.
A large green plant behind a small window looking object.
indoor larger tree.
A woman in black next to the window.
A woman wearing black, standing behind an umbrella.
a cat near a green trash can.
Black and white cat in front of garbage can.
A man sunbathing on a speed boat.
man sunbathing on a boat with a dog.
Single engine plane with red circle.
The gray plane with the indian design.
chair to the right of lamp.
The couch that is next to the lamp on the left side of the room.
a squid-like kite flying in the air.
A kite that looks similar to a squid.
First layer of a sandwich on the right.
FARTHEST RIGHT SLICE OF SANDWICH.
table with winbe glasses on it.
The tablecloth the glasses are sitting on.
canvas and metal folding camp chair.
The camping chair that the woman is sitting on next to the tent.
A santa on a motorcycle.
Santa Claus on a motorcycle.
The side of a red bus with a yellow and red ad on it.
A red double-decker bus that reads "SHOP EARLY BY BUS" on its side.
Purple flowers sit in an orange flower box on a street.
A terra cotta colored plastic flowerbox flowers.
The train next to the red and black train.
thin side view of gray train passing on far left.
A man with a plaid shirt about to cut a piece of pizza.
a person wearing black and white checks shirt.
BROWN COLOR EMPTY CHAIR NEAR THE TABLE.
a wooden armchair to the left of the table.
A brown paisley inspired luggage.
A cream patterned suitcase in between other cuitcases.
An umpire in a blue shirt.
a baseball umpire.
yhe big wine glass the man on the left is holding.
a wine glass holding by a left side man.
a black van behind a white trailer.
A van behind a truck.
An elephant with a face painted in pastel stripes.
Elephant in the back with white towel on its head and a maroon blanket over its back.
A young boy wearing red colored cap and shirt is seated with a hot dog inside the bun in his mouth.
a young boy eats a hot dog.
Black purse on a woman in the front of the picture.
Girl wearing black purse.
A hand turning on a stainless steel blender.
woman turning on blender.
a man holding dog food.
Yellow and green bag.
A piece of misshapen pizza on a plate.
A misshapen piece of pizza on a plate.
Person in black jacket.
The man with the grey shirt on the right.
Fold out chairs behind the toilet.
A wooden chair with no one sitting in it, next to a girl with a pink shirt.
A chair near the standing girl in pink t-shirt.
a brown four legged table.
an end table.
A hanging plant.
plant hanging on the side of a shed.
The front of the silver train is on the track.
long train traveling on tracks.
a man in a green uniform playing soccer.
A player wearing green.
A stuffed teddy bear  sitting in a baby crib with a small child who is brushing her teeth with her father.
A teddy bear in a crib.
A woman with a blue shirt and black scarf sitting on a tree pot.
A red haired woman wearing a blue shirt with a black scarf, black leggings, and black boots.
The reflection of the cat in the mirror.
The head of a cat whose eyes cannot be seen.
the back end of the car parked near the closest motorcycle.
the truck cab.
person in green with another person on their shoulders.
thep person that has other person on their shoulders.
a child wearing red color t-shirt holding bag on his head.
A boy carring a bag on his head.
A man in a purple, black, and white sweater leaning over a woman in a leopard print shirt.
A young man in a hoodie leaning over the shoulders of a girl with an animal print shirt on.
a yellow tray with different foods.
Thebox of food nearest to the camers.
a man in a swetaer playing wii.
A man with long sleeves holding something in his hand.
bear with book between two identical bears.
The middle bear in a group of three.
A knife that has been used to spread butter.
A silver knife to the left of the sandwich.
Horse head to the right.
A black horse.
The zebra rearing up.
A black and white zebra standing on his hind legs.
old woman is pouring some liquid from the can to the paper cup glass  is present in the image.
Woman in green.
A COW IS WALKING BEHIND ANOTHER ONE.
A cow walking behind another cow.
The closest construction worker holding a stop sign who has his back turned to the camera.
A man holding a stop stands in the middle of a road directing traffic.
Woman with dark curly hair.
A woman in glasses.
An electric toothbrush top with a similar one immediately above it.
This is the giraffe on the right who is looking towards the camera.
The giraffe on the right.
A person in a pink and orange snowsuit skiing.
Skier wearing magenta and orange, with white helmet.
A lady on a bench holding an orange bag.
Woman holding a jacket in her lap.
wooden couch  with pillows on it on the left of a big living room with other furnitures in it.
The couch to the left of the fireplace.
The man in a tux behind the boy.
Girl with tennis raquet taht has yellow strings.
A player waiting for her turn.
A black and silver motorcycle is parked near a curb.
Black and Chrome Motorcycle parked next to a Red motorcycle.
cow to the far right.
cow on right.
A plane that's near a beige building and some smaller vehicles.
The girl wearing the pink striped shirt.
Woman in a pink and navy shirt sitting on a sidewalk using her cell phone.
A Black piece of luggage laying on the carpet with the red sock sticking out of the zippered compartment.
A black suitcase is on the floor with other bags.
A man with glasses standing.
The man with the blue tie.
A man in a blue shirt.
the man in the color photo holding the ironing table.
tennis racket with p on it.
Tennis racket with "P" design in strings.
The right-most hot dog on the far right of the lunch tray.
a small hot dog farthers from the drink.
A zebra eating grass standing in front of a smaller zebra.
mature zebra grazing with a younger one.
A LONG SOFA SET BROWN COLOR.
The sofa with three seat cushions to the right of the coffee table.
a man next to a younger boy.
man posing for a photo with his son.
a short giraffe.
The shortest of the giraffe's.
A black cat rubbing up on a black suitfcase.
A black piece of luggage that is open with a cat sniffing it.
Metal chair.
Chair behind the girl blowing out the candles on the cake.
A fire hydrant on the side of the road.
red topped fire hydrant.
There is one person wearing blue t-shirt looking at the ball.
A man wearing brown pants.
The first stone planter on the ledge with pink flowers.
A vase holding flowers with a statue of a women.
empty water glass on right side of plate.
An empty water glass.
A curved sofa with many pillows.
All five pillows in the foreground.
counter that the cake is ok.
the table under the chocolate cake.
The man in all white in the reflection.
The bearded man wearing a white shirt.
A man in a blue long sleeve shirt putting a tie on a woman.
man who is laughing and tying the tie of the lady in the image.
Woman in pink shirt with blonde hair.
The blond lady eating from a bowl.
the truck with doors and a visible licence plate.
the vehicle on the right with doors.
V8 Fusion Box.
An opened bottle of fruit and vegetable juice.
the motorola razr flip phone.
A motorola flip phone with its cover open.
A serving of broccoli on a white plate, next to a piece of fish with a green sauce.
brocoli was in green colour.
A woman wearing a dark dress with long curly hair.
woman in black dress.
An empty chair sitting in a crowded room.
chair ad black colour bottle.
Woman in striped blouse holding blue purse.
woman wearing a multicolor striped dress and a backback.
A MacBook laptop computer, sitting to the right of a smaller laptop computer.
A large macbook computer next to a smaller laptop.
A man sitting in a chair.
2nd person from the left wearing a black jacket and grey shirt.
A woman holding a blue umbrella with white spots.
a lady holding an umbrella.
A recliner with a cushion of square designed.
Brown chair with a pillow that has nine squares with unique colors.
A large elephant is standing next to a small elephant.
The elephant is off to the side.
A woman wearing a brown shirt watching the TV.
Person skiing in green and white jacket.
A man with a green and white snowboarding.
Make skier in the back.
kier on right.
The black cat sniffing the book.
A black cat looking at a book cover.
A man with blue pants and a blue shirt.
An adult in blue jeans.
A man in a yellow shirt standing between another man an a woman.
A thin man with dark hair stands in a yellow sweatshirt.
a red umbrella.
The red umbrella.
a man in sunglasses and a hat holding a toddler.
A man holding a baby that's petting a cow.
A yellow street light in front of the red brick part of the building.
A stoplight facing towards the right.
a triangle cut half of a sandwhich on whole bread.
An eggsalad sandwich on wheat bread.
A man in a black suite riding a white surfboard.
A man in a Bill Clinton mask and black suit sitting on a surfboard waiting for a wave.
Plate of food in the back with weird markings smeared across it.
An entree with fish, potatos and a garnish.
Pizza sitting on a plate.
the pizza on the plate.
A MAN SKATING THE ROAD WITH HEALMEAT.
A man slidding with the skating in the sitting position.
A van standing in the signal with its right indicator on.
Van with white strip through middle.
A plate of corn.
Several ears of roasted corn, shucked and on a blue plate.
The table that holds the plate with the cake.
The table that the plate is sitting on.
A man in a red tie, smiling.
An older man in a suit and tie smiling with his friends.
toilet in back.
toilet on the left in the right hand picture.
Toyota SUV driving past bus.
a white suv.
a man in a green shirt sitting in the library.
Person wearing hoodie on the computer.
A lady wearing brown shirt and spectacle.
A woman with brown hair and a burgundy shirt standing with a wii-mote in her hand infront of a fireplace.
boy with skating board.
boy with skating board.
The woman sitting at the table and talking on a cell phone.
A woman in a red and black dress and sitting at a table talking on a cell phone.
the horse furthest from the camera.
The second giraffe from the right who is eating the plant.
A white cow to the right of two other cows.
A boy is ready to play who is wearing green color pant.
An elephant with it's head pointing to the left and standing taller than all the others.
Largest elephant, standing behind the others.
dark horse.
An elephant facing away from the camera.
An elephant facing away from the camera.
A woman in a multi patterned blue shirt sits on a couch.
A woman wearing glasses and a watch sitting on a sofa by herself.
The chair a little girl is eating in.
armed wooden chair.
A man facing away from the camera holding a paper in his right hand.
man facing truck.
A man sitting on a railing talking on a phone.
A man with long hair and a bag leaning on a fence and talking on his phone.
The feet of a stuffed animal with a young girl next to another stuffed animal.
the legs of a white bear.
Yellow surfboard being held by a person in a mostly white shirt and black shorts.
The big yellow surfboard.
the zebra closest to the camera.
A giraffe facing the camera, standing in dirt by a fence with trees and brush in the background.
The giraffe on the far left.
Giraffe standing to the left of a tree.
A very large ship in a harbor.
A large bot in the water surrounded by other smaller boats.
set of chairs.
A wooden chair with cream colored cushions.
Giraffe nearest the camera.
A giraffe stands near his fence.
An elephant whose one left front leg lifted and touching its trunk.
An elephant with one foot in the air.
A grey car.
A silver car parked in front of the Notre Dame Cathedral.
A slice of bread sitting next to a glass of milk.
A slice of bread laying on a tray.
An umbrella being held by the right hand of a man holding two umbrellas.
An open blue umbrella.
a round pizza on the right.
A small pizza with tomatoes and vegetables.
A man in a black shirt and black pants.
An elephant trainer holding a stick and walking along with two elephants.
a chocolate doughnut on a white plate.
The brown, out of focus pastry.
A long hoagie sandwich.
Giant sandwich topped with tomatoes.
A person in black with crossed arms.
A person watching over the two kids.
A  suitcase with notebooks and clothes in it.
the opened suitcase with documents inside.
Red neck tie is wear by the man with specs.
Than man on the right's red tie.
A woman wearing a purple jacket holding an umbrella.
an asian women under an umbrella.
Brown bun on a white plate beside fish sticks inside another bun.
the right most hot dog.
The giraffe has its face stuck in a box.
A very tall giraffe standing in front of an ostrich.
The car that is in the front.
white car in the background.
Plane flying lower than the other planes.
the bottom most plane.
A table with pizza and cups of water on it.
A table is holding plates, glasses and a large pizza and people are sitting around it.
A bowl full of food next to the plate of broccoli.
glass bowl with snacks.
A woman smiling under an umbrella.
The woman in the floral dress.
Woman in wedding gown cutting a cake.
A woman that is cutting a cake while wearing a dress.
the lamb with less hair.
A SHEEP RUNNING AND FOLLOWING WITH HIS COLLEGUE.
the back of the zebra whose head is not visible.
The hind quarters of an adult zebra.
zebra in back.
A swirly donut.
ORANGE COLOR SWEET WITH SIDE OF OTHER SWEET ITEM.
The gentleman holding a tennis racket wearing a sweatband on his head.
A batmitton guy who is chasing his ball for the hit.
A skier wearing a blue jacket and yellow helmet.
The skier with a white and blue jacket.
a kid with a white shirt holding a yellow bat.
Baby with a bat.
a blue snowboard covered in snow.
a blue snowboard.
The zebra closest to the table the people are sitting at.
The zebra on the right closest to the three people sitting.
person wearing black shirt and blue jeans.
a man in black behind a man in a red jacket.
The elephant behind the man wearing a gray shirt.
A blue and black colour boat.
A black boat at a dock.
A woman with frizzy hair sits behind a briefcase with different cards inside of it.
A woman with a plaid shirt and curly hair.
Skate board rider in a skate park wearing a blue helmet.
A man with a baby blue helmet doing a skateboarding trick.
Girl with ring on her finger eating a hamburger.
The woman holding a piece of bread.
a woman snowboarder with a benie on and white pants.
The woman with the goggles around her neck.
A BOY WITH BLUE T-SHIRT.
A young boy in a blue shirt and blue swim shorts rides a foam skim board.
Some brocolli on a dish.
large serving of broccoli.
The front of an elephant.
Baby elephant up close with the sun shining down on it.
The young lady in the bluish green shirt sitting on the bed.
A girl in a blue shirt sitting on a bed holding her left hand up to her chin.
Wine glass sitting on red tablecloth next to plate of food.
an obscured wine glass.
A woman wearing a red and black coat sitting and watching people work on a project.
a woman in a red and grey coat.
a stack of red olives.
A sandwich with a toothpick stuck into it with 2 cherry tomatoes.
The male in the blue button up with gray hair.
Man in blue standing against wall.
A young child getting their teeth brushed.
child.
a dark colored horse with it's nose over the fence.
A horse standing first with his mouth on the white fence.
A TYPE OF SANDWICH ON A PLATE WRAPPED IN WHITE PAPER.
The wrapped food beneath the wrap.
a person wearing a brown blue and grey shirt.
man standing with striped shirt.
the bigger giraffe stretching its neck out.
The tallest and darkest giraffe standing by a wall and rocks.
Nine tv remote controls are holding in a rack.
A computer screen with multiple windows up on it.
a computer monitor to the left of another computer monitor.
A Microsoft device with a green light partially under a pile of papers.
A black electronic device.
the St Germain bottle.
A empty bottle of St german drinks.
the front cat in the right hand picture.
A black and white cat with green eyes lying on its side with its leg up.
A peeled orange next to a bowl.
A peeled orange.
A lady wearing cream color top.
lady in white top.
a person in red jacket skating.
the guy skiing up close.
little girl in light green shirt.
Little Girl in a green dress waiting for the cake to be cut.
Red and pink checkered table cloth.
A red plaid table cloth with two pizzas and some beer on top of it.
A computer monitor sitting between two laptops.
the middle computer screen in the right hand picture.
zibera was in forest.
zebra walking to the left.
Guy in a black shirt with pizza slice in his hand.
the man in the black shirt eating pizza.
A man in a red tie pointing at the table.
a man in a suit showing a boy something on a piece of paper.
a car windshield behind a group of people.
the car behind the three parsons.
The guy in a grey sweater behind the crying girl.
Person in a grey sweatshirt standing behind two girls.
White chair that a woman is sitting in.
Left side of a white and metal bench a girl is sitting on.
A black cat laying on a blue blanket on the bed.
A black cat sleeping on a blue blanket on the bed.
Smaller younger baby bear looking off to the side.
The brown bear laying down,  and looking to his left.
A cat laying down with another cat to its left.
TWO LARGE FURRY CATS LOOKING OUT A WINDOW.
A large pizza on a table with a woman's hand above it.
A pizza that is wider than an arm.
The black bag near the keys.
a black zip up bag with a grid pattern.
the sandwich piece nearest the napkin.
A burger with a toothpick and light shining on it.
A tennis player all in white returning a shot.
a man white dress and shattle bat.
An aeroplane whose head part is hidden by a barricade.
ANA airline plane being boarded, behind another ANA airline plane.
A peice of carrot sits directly on top of brown sauteed vegetables.
Slice of carrot on top of and closest to meat.
The smaller plane that is to the right of the bus facing away.
the teal car.
The blue car is parked on the grass.
A ladies tan and brown shoulder purse.
Purse being held by woman in brown shirt.
A long surfboard that is white in color with blue stripes on the left side of the board.
The surfboard not being used to surf on.
A person wearing a grey and orange shirt holding a teddy bear.
a women hand.
A baseball player with the number 28 on his jersey swinging a bat at the home plate in front of the catcher and umpire.
A baseball player with 28 on his jersey at bat.
A triangle of pizza adjacent to a half pie.
A triangle of pizza adjacent to a half pie.
A white vase that is next to two blue vases.
White jug.
the catcher.
An angry looking baseball catcher in a white uniform with the number 7 on his back.
A police motorcycle to the left of the other motorcycle.
a police officer driving a motorcycle on the right side of the road.
A black trailer.
a box truck with the back door rolled up.
BLACK CHAIR IN FRONT OF THE KEYBOARD.
A black yoga ball under the desk.
A man riding the skateboard up a ramp.
person onleft side.
It it a hind view of a man in denim and white t-shirt wearing a backwards black cap standing on a skateboard.
These are black skinny jeans wore by a skateboarder.
fridge door where the yellow labelled bottle is kept.
An opened refrigerator door that is holding eggs and food jars.
A empty white ceramic plate.
A light blue Umbrella with bright blue spots.
A blue spotted umbreall with a woman sitting under it.
Man in a duct tape suit talking to someone.
the man in the duct tape outfit.
A woman in a green shirt.
The woman in the yellow shirt.
a man with long grey shirt and blue jeans sitting at a table.
A man in grey shirt wearing glasses.
base ball umbire.
The black man.
piee of birthday cake that has five candles on it.
cake with candles.
A woman being carried by a motorcyclist.
The lady with the red hair on the motorcycle.
An old gray elephant is looking at the dusty ground.
an elephant with its trunk touching the ground and its back left foot lifted up.
A bed with white blankets next to a couch with pillows.
A twin bed close to the window.
A skate board which is held by a lady.
Surfboard with a black and yellow design on it.
The smaller of two giraffes.
smaller giraffe of the 2.
A whole bull faces us with a other bull to it's right behind it.
The calzone in the middle of the picture.
The piece of broccoli furthest on the left, touching the fish.
Broccoli floret laying on chicken breast.
the cow interacting with the man.
The cow that the man is petting on the nose.
A woman in a blue shirt.
a woman taking a baby out the backseat.
The man in the blue suit sitting beside the man in the middle.
the person wearing a blue jacket and pants on the right.
A pastry with crumbs on top.
The pastry that is not any part of the donut.
a man riding a horse.
A jockey in blue on top of a horse.
The man with no shirt or shoes.
A man jumping on a beach.
A girl in a yellow shirt and polka dot skirt.
Girl in a ponytail and yellow shirt.
A model elephant standing in shallow water.
The elephant in the water.
The back end of a sheep.
the rear end of an out of focus white lamb.
MAN FEEDING CUPCAKE TO DOG.
A tabby cat with green eyes.
A brown and black cat looking upwards.
The table top area to the left of the pizza and below the newspaper.
a man wearing chainmail.
A laughing man in chain mail and blue clothing.
brown suitcase with the sripes in the back.
pizza in the right bottom corner of the image.
part of a pizza that has mushrooms and cheese.
A MAN WEARING A BLACK COAT.
Man in front of pastry  rack.
A light green necktie.
A donald trump tie kept first from the left of the viewer.
The person with a blue shirt.
The person with the utensils in his hands.
A gray stiped cat on the ground with its paw up, ready to defend against another cat which is leaping onto it.
a kitten facing the camera.
A half a sub on a SilverPlatter directly in front of a bowl of tomato soup.
The animal that is in the lead.
The horse that the rider on the right is riding, directly in front of the people sitting.
A young man with his arms crossed wearing a vest and tie over a plaid shirt.
man in checked shirt.
An artistic rendition of a banana peel next to a mouse and a much more brused banana peel.
A yellow object to the left of a computer mouse.
A soccer player in blue outfit standing behind man who just kicked the ball.
A very tired looking boy in a solid blue uniform watching the soccer ball during a game.
a computer monitor whose screen has windows open which contain black screens with white lettering.
A woman sitting in the side bench.
A woman holding a green tube sitting on a bench.
The silver laptop behind the black laptop.
a silver laptop is behind a black laptop.
Elephant swishing its tail to the right.
An elephant completely turned away from the camera.
A clock face on a statue in front a river.
art like clock face of big ben, not the real ben.
the monitor that above the one that is on.
television on the wall behind other tv.
The orange and screen part of an orange and silver cell phone.
the top portion of an orange cell phone.
a plane flying in the air.
A silver airplane coming in for a landing with the landing gear down.
Man in white shirt and blue jeans behind horse.
The man in the back.
A piece of broccoli that is to the right of a piece of chicken.
The broccoli to the right of the chicken.
Guy holding up a half full wine glass.
A man at a dinner table cheersing a glass of red wine.
a boy wearing green and purple shirts swinging a bat.
A little boy swinging at a baseball.
Man with grey hair and black robe demonstrating how to tie a tie.
a man helping a youngster in glasses to tie a tie.
a black pickup truck parked by a curb.
a black truck that is parked between two smaller cars.
A white horse.
The white horse has the word Autism written on its back end.
Man leaned backwards with a camera up to his face.
A wedding photographer.
Man in long sleeve great shirt next to lady with hands in her pockets.
A man in a gray shirt between a lady in a black shirt and a man in a blue shirt.
A black cell phone sits on a key board.
cell phone that is turned off (nokia).
An unmade bed with white sheets and brown blankets.
the matteress of the bed with pillows and blankets.
A steak knife with a black handle.
A steak knife under the bread.
A man at podium looking to the side in white shirt and black suit and tie.
A short-haired man speaking at a podium.
A dark brown horse wearing reflective gear.
The dark brown horse..
A woman wearing a Brown shirt and shorts.
A woman holding up a tennis racket while reclining in a chair.
a man catching something.
the boy with glasses,wearing white and blue.
A man wearing a suit.
The man walking on the left wearing a hat.
A partially eaten apple hanging from a tree on a branch below a bird.
A partially eaten apple below a bird.
man walking with white shirt and jeans.
A man walking.
A table with cake.
A table with cake.
CLOSEST BANAN.
ripe banana on a plate directly behind a large yellow flower.
a man wearing a blue hat.
The man wearing a pink shirt and a blue hat.
The front of the train.
The train is moving on the tracks.
Kid in glasses playing Wii.
A MAN WEARING GREEN T SHIRT AND SPECS  HOLDING WHITE COLOR MOBILE PHONE IN RIGHT HAND.
A young white and brown cow.
The calf.
A baby cow.
A man with glasses in a white shirt and black pants sitting on a wooden bench reading some papers.
a man was sitting on atable.
A woman is wearing a red cap.
A woman with a white uniform and a red hat.
the person's hand behind the glass of beer on the right edge.
A white police van.
A police van being carried by a truck.
The kid with his arm up in the air.
A child with grey dress.
a chair in front of a window.
A black dog.
Black dog.
A man in a grey jacket.
the man on the left.
A girl in a yellow and white top.
A child in a white and yellow outfit.
overweight male sitting on couch using his smartphone.
large man sitting on a couch.
Giraffe standing closest to bridge.
The giraffe in the middle looking to its right.
Baby elephant walking next to adult elephants.
A baby elephant on a street.
A person wearing black shirt with beard.
The man in wearing the black shirt.
A doughnut close to the brown coffee mug.
A donut on a plate touching a coffee mug.
Woman with husband cutting cake.
couple was cutting a cake.
Slices of red apple on a plate, with the peel still on.
The man in the purple sweater.
The man whose back is turned and is wearing a bright purplish shirt.
A boy wearing a white shirt.
A BOY WATCHING ANOTHER BOY PLAYING SKATING WEARING WHITE COLOR T SHIRT.
The young giraffe standing behind the larger giraffe.
the small baby giraffe.
Woman wearing white pants.
A black sign hanging on the side of the silver pole.
A camera which is fixed to a signal post.
top of second meter left side.
The top of the second pole back.
a giraffe standing in front of another giraffe.
The giraffe in the front, with its neck extended.
A man in black and white playing tennis.
A man in a black hat playing tennis.
A man with short hair wearing a black shirt.
Man wearing a black polo shirt.
A woman in a blue shirt.
Woman in blue shirt sitting on couch.
A black SUV stopped in traffic.
black suv.
A tennis racket held by the man who is second from the left.
A tennis racquet being held by a man wearing a white shirt, white shorts, and a white backwards baseball cap.
man on far left side.
A man in a black shirt with a cell phone on his lap.
A bear who is leaning on another bear.
two brown bears sitting near the river beds and having sex.
A person sitting in a chair.
A woman sitting in a white plastic chair.
A toothbrush with white and blue bristles.
Back of train.
Train on our right.
the cat staring at the bread.
A brown cat staring at something.
The man on the right wearing a green striped shirt under his toga.
The man with the green stripes and toga.
A black office chair.
A black office chair.
a 2 seater blue fabric sofa facing the camera.
A blue sofa with two pillows sitting against the wall.
A skater in a white shirt waiting to skateboard.
A boy in a white shirt.
snack with paper.
A red and white bus that is driving away.
baby bear on he right.
The bear on the left appears to be eating.
A male watching a guy take photo.
A person in a white shirt standing near a wall.
The chair at the end of the table nearest the rug.
dining chair closest to black rug, facing the hutch.
The lounge chair under the umbrella,  and closest towards the camera.
Lounge chair on the right.
A transparent umbrella being held up.
clear umbrella held over two women.
back of chair.
Man holding a baseball glove.
the baseball player standing on the base.
The bed closest to the camera.
The hotel room bed, of two, furthest away from the window.
A man with a black shirt sift through a bin in a store.
a bald man wearing a black shirt.
The chair that is leaning furthest back.
a leaning chair infront of the monitor to black color cpu.
A colorful umbrella with two people underneath.
A green, red, and yellow umbrella.
A glass of soda sits on the counter.
A glass of dark liquid with ice in a clear tall glass.
Bread on the left side of a cutting board.
cookie on top of toaster on left.
A red and white bus labeled Brighton & Hove.
yellow and red bus exiting car park.
A woman who is snapping a picture.
Woman with brunette hair and a black jacket taking a photo with her smartphone.
A man in a plaid shirt and red apron.
A man preparing food.
couch not next to window.
An off-white couch backed against a wall, facing a flat screen TV.
A picture of a brown horse being ridden by a guy in a red shirt.
A brown horse being ridden by a man in a red tanktop.
Woman outside window holding umbrella.
A woman outside walking past a store.
a woman holding a game controller.
woman with black shirt.
part of a couch in the front side.
the arm of the couch near the camera.
The elephant with three people on it.
An elephant with three riders, swinging his trunk to the side.
toasted bread sandwich under another bread sandwich.
A sandwich on a plate, next to a bowl.
A man with read and white jerkin, slidding in the snow.
A man wearing a red and white jacket holding skis.
Front part of a train with its number.
a black train engine sitting at a train station.
the middle surfboard in the right hand picture.
A surfboard being held by a man wearing a tan hat.
A blue bus has the website address megabus.com printed in yellow on the front of it.
A blue bus parked in front of a pole.
A woman with dark dress laughing.
a smiling woman behind a glass window.
A large display of oranges on sale.
Groups of oranges for sale.
A man throwing looks like he is throwing up into an outdoor toilet.
A man hunched over a toilet bowl.
where the two men are sitting.
The container of oranges on the right of the other containers.
The basket of oranges on the right of the large orange sign.
A woman wearing black.
Woman in black shirt sitting on the right playing with a Wii remote.
A zebra standing to the right of another zebra that is looking forward.
middle zebra.
the back of the woman's head.
A stuffed animal next to the bear.
A grey stuffed toy animal  in the lap of a teddy bear.
A middle aged women with glasses  in a wine cellar.
Woman on the right wearing glasses.
chair facing dinner plate that has no chairs across directly.
A dining chair with no chair on its opposite side.
the baby bear to the left.
A bear in water engaging with a larger bear with his teeth beared.
A person holding a white umbrella.
A woman in blue holding an umbrella.
a white plane facing the camera.
A tan and white airplane parked at a air strip.
Man in a black shirt standing in front of a silver truck.
Man in black shirt and blue jeans standing in front of gray truck.
A baby lamb sitting next to hay.
A baby sheep lying on a bed of hay.
chunk on donut at top left of plate.
A section of donut broken off to the top left of the plate.
A parked police car next to a bus.
A man wearing a baseball hat holding onto a hairy mammal.
Man holding a sheep by the ears wearing a black ballcap.
a tan suede sofa.
a sofa in home.
A picture of a white duck standing on one leg in the water with its neck stretched back.
White bird with head resting on back.
Bag the woman in blue is carrying on her shoulder.
A brown piece of carry on luggage held by a woman in a blue jumpsuit.
the white cover on the seat directly in front of the woman.
The white and blue backrest in front of the man and woman.
A dark colored ATV seen from the side.
A four-wheel vehicle.
The person in the shadows riding an elephant.
The glass of water next to the saucer with the cup on it.
water in a tall, clear glass.
A woman riding a horse with a pink shirt.
A woman wearing a pink tank top.
elephant which is with half head.
An African elephant standing in the right, eating.
Orange chair with ring on the back.
An orange loveseat sits in the living room.
The refrigerator, to the right of the girl and against the wall.
A refrigerator handle next to a smaller freezer.
right hand side person.
A person in a green shirt using a laptop.
A FedEx delivery van with very tall front wrap-around window.
A FedEx van.
a boy skateboarding on the street near a blue bus.
A man riding his skateboard down the middle of the road.
A parking meter on the left side of the photo is shown in front of an office building.
the parking meter on the left.
The giraffe whose body is not visible.
A giraffe looking away from the camera.
A man in a blue shirt and green pants jumping up to catch a frisbee.
The man in the green shorts that is jumping.
A slice of pizza and a fork.
Pizza with mushrooms.
A laptop that has a sticker on it that says John.
A silver laptop with a sticker that says John on the back.
A man riding a horse.
A guy in a red shirt and jeans on top of a brown horse.
A hand with a black sleeve holding a black purse.
horse in front.
Horse with carriage toward front of picture.
The woman with glasses in the bottom right photo.
A woman in white playing the wii.
a women was on white t-shirt.
a giraffe staring to the right.
a giraffe looking at the tree.
a small child in a brown shirt eating.
Child hitting plate and making a mess.
a young man on a skateboard.
A white male with a white shirt and brown pants skateboarding.
aeroplane.
A white red and blue airplane with 3 kids playing around it.
A black and white zebra standing next to a tree a grassy area.
A zibra  is standing near the tree.
A MAN WEARING WHITE COLOR T SHIRT AND HOLDING WINE GLASS.
man holding champagne glass.
a man in a white shirt with a glass of drink.
An umpire standing behind a crouched catcher.
Umpire with a face mask on and his hands in the front of his stomach.
A man in a green ordering something at a food truck.
A man standing at the window of a food truck.
A pair of red skis.
SKIING KIT NEAR BY TWO CHILDRENS.
Silverware on a brown plate with a salad.
A silver knife and fork laying on a plate.
A woman in striped shirt adjusting a boy's tie.
A girl wearing a striped shirt.
zebra standing behind the other zebra.
A zebra standing ahead of other zebra.
The giraffe in the middle.
The giraffe in the middle is looking at the camera.
A small white, gray and brown kitten standing on hind legs in front of a mirror.
A cat sitting in front of the mirror.
A metal bench on which a girl is sittng with full sleeves.
Benches on the left side.
A woman climber bending over another climber holding a pick.
This is a man in the snow wearing a red hat.
A tennis player in white.
a woman with a tennis racquet.
the bottle in the middle of the three.
green wine bottle in between two other bottles.
The white and black dog with the red harness.
A white small dog standing, which was attacked by a brown small dog.
the zebra in the foreground closest to the camera that is covering the other zebra.
A red-haired person with a blue collared shirt.
person head bottom right.
A traffic light with a bicycle symbol lit up.
a stop light for bicycles.
A MAN NEAR MIKE WITH SINGER.
A man standing behind a singer.
laptop in mans hand.
A pillow and bed a cat is lying on.
The bed on which the cat and the baby is lying.
bird above childs hand.
The bird leaning down towards the boy's palm.
An automobile with a camouflage pattern.
A camouflage truck.
A limousine style vehicle behind a group of three people.
A long white limousine with blacked out windows.
The two raised areas on both sides of the toilet that look like places to put your feet.
giraffe in front.
A giraffe walking up the hill in front of another giraffe.
A motorcycle is being riden by a man wearing a gray ski cap.
The wheels and frame of a motorbike that is behind a group.
The back of a man in a full body wet suit sitting watching another man.
a stop sign with a sticker on it.
The red stop sign.
a giraffe whose nose is touching another giraffe's nose and whose leaning in.
The adult giraffe leaning down in front of the tiny one.
The black pipe right of the red connector.
The pipe with the silver cap closest to the red object.
The rear end of a young elephant.
Back side of asian elephant standing with another young elephant.
A desk chair holding a woman with brown hair in a blue shirt.
A chair with a woman in a blue shirt sitting in it.
the opened luggage the person is standing in.
A man in a photo behind the couple.
A man on a sailboat standing outside a window behind the man holding the pink whale.
pigeon in foreground looking right.
THREE PEGION STANDING TOGETHER.
A golden retriever sleeps on a bed next to two cats.
a large red-haired dog.
the fatty man holding child.
Man sitting with dark sweater on smiling holding a small girl.
A metal baseball bat in the hands of a statue.
stick in stachew.
A rinocerose on top of another one.
A pink cow on top of another cow.
A woman with her hands on her hips wearing a patterned tunic.
A woman in a pink dress standing in front of the sink.
A man in orange shirt and blue pants enjoying ice skating.
A person in red jacket ready for skiing.
the pegon in the bank of lake.
A seagull that is standing behind another seagull.
The shubbery that is to the left of the chair and pillar with string lights on it.
Two girls sitting on the half wall.
Two girls sitting on a window sill, one wearing black and the other brown.
The chair the woman in orange is sitting on.
An elderly woman in a blue shirt stirring a cup of coffee.
A reflection of a cat, under the reflection of a camera.
The plant and pot on the right, in the beige pot with the yellow flower.
The plant in the light tan stone pot.
A bald man looking down at an object.
man wearing a suit.
A baby elephant under a big elephant.
A baby elephant walking with its mother.
A white laptop on a white desk running Windows operating system.
A LAPTOP ON THE TABLE.
Little girl eating.
An African-American girl eating a school lunch.
The lowest cake in the front middle.
A large cake on the bottom tier of a display.
A man donning a black helmet, gray shirt, and jeans performing a skateboarding trick.
A skateboarder wearing Nike shoes.
A small white chair facing the nightstand.
a white ornate chair sits in an equally ornate bedroom.
Teal colored car.
blue compact car sitting along the street.
a cracker with something on it.
The yellow dessert whith a dollop of cream on it.
person wearing shorts.
a woman is sitting wearing black knee cap near a scatting board.
White and blue Saudi Arabian airplane on taxiway.
An airplane for Saudi Arabia airlines.
White oval bowl with food and a spoon in it.
A tasty plate of food with a spoon in it.
A leather chair.
A white toilet.
toilet bowl.
A black CPU with a bottom stripe that is white.
The remote control to the left of the tablet.
unoccupied chair with visible seat.
An empty brown chair.
The cow with its head up.
The taller black cow facing the camera.
The table the food is on.
a table with food and drink on it with a doll sitting on it.
A brown horse with a black mane eating grass.
The horse with the black mane.
The giraffe that is on the other side of the fence and further from the camera. The giraffe is facing towards the left.
Entire giraffe on the right behind the bars.
A zebra rubbing its head against a tree.
Zebra rubbing it's head on the tree.
A red color car in a ground.
child.
a kid wearing a black hoodie and a watch with the arm of the man next to him from the elbow down.
A black car with yellow stripes.
A Black color car with yellow stripe is parked in the parking lot.
A artificial small tree kept in the living room opposite to the sofa.
indoor plant.
Guy playing frisbee with gray shirt.
A man in brown pants and a blue T-shirt jumping in the air to catch a white frisbee.
lighter colored bottom bench.
The bottom bench behind the baseball players in the dugout.
WOMAN STIRING POT.
A woman cooking.
The white tableclothes table that all the people are sitting at.
restaurant table with white table cloth and customers.
A decorated egg next to poultry.
A blue square with a biscuit and an egg that says I love my laptop lunchbox.
A person is jogging with other people in the background.
A girl who is running on the snow.
Giraffe walking past boulders.
smaller lighter giraffe on left of another giraffe.
the player in the red top.
TENNIS PLAYER IN RED AND WHITE OUTFIT.
A pepperoni pizza on a white plate.
pepperoni pizza.
The computer monitor, not the laptop monitor.
A mounted computer monitor displaying Google.
A BLACK COLOR BIG CHAIR IN THE BLUE COLOR WALL SIDE.
Black chair up against a blue wall.
a canadian national train on the tracks.
The large green and yelllow train that has five sections.
A large giraffe looking toward the camera.
A giraffe that has its face visible.
A man in a blue sweater and sunglasses sitting next to the ball girl.
A man in a blue shirt.
man holding samsung galaxy phone.
The woman wearing the black dress and red belt.
A smiling woman standing next to a smiling man.
A man standing beside a man on a motorcycle.
man in uniform leaning on handle bars behind motorbike.
An advertisement for Veep on a bus.
A partial view of a bus with 'EEP' written on it.
A yellow above-ground tram making its way through the city.
A subway cart that has windows.
Man wearing a tan suit jacket.
A man in a tan jacket pouring a glass of wine.
The left most broccoli bounded by the meat and rice dish and the chopsticks.
A couple of broccoli sprigs to the left of the meat.
A batter.
A baseball player that has the number 15.
A Toshiba keyboard connected to the laptop.
Black computer keyboard.
woman in gray hoody with apron.
A Woman wearing cooling glasses and cooking.
The flatbed truck.
A truck with people standing on and around it,.
A horse behind the another horse.
A man in a cream jacket.
man in white coat holding cigarette.
the girl with the wii controlers.
Woman holding wii remotes and wearing a blue shirt.
The bald man in the black shirt.
A man sitting at a table with two women.
Gold car.
A silver car.
A brown chair with clothes piled on it.
the guy in a blue shirt.
Person in blue jacket and black pants on skis.
Man in bkack coat reading.
A man looking at white piece of paper.
Red blanket on the couch.
A red blanket thrown on a couch.
An all black motorcycle parked near a sidewalk.
black color bike.
cat head on right.
A cat lying in a bed with her baby.
The reflection of a bird.
Reflection of a bird sitting on a piece of wood.
A blond woman puts a chocolate donut in her mouth.
A woman in a tan shirt is biting into a chocolate-covered donut.
The man with the beard and the suit who is looking away.
A man in a suit looking away from the camera being pulled by his tie.
The bread with the white sprinkles on the top.
Cinnamon swirled pastry topped with course salt.
A silver motorcycle with a black man in a red shirt.
Black, curly-haired dog laying on a white bedspread.
A black dog sleeping on the bed.
A small child.
The child on the lap of a lady eating.
A black SUV.
A car behind a fire hydrant.
A blue and yellow fighter jet with the number 1 on it's tail.
Blue and yellow jet marked number one.
2 white goats.
this a goat standing behind her child.
Back of the white chair that the girl in the blue shirt is sitting on.
black sneakers on skateboard.
Bottom half of a person who is skateboarding.
a doughnut with white frosting and red jelly.
A donut with red jelly in the middle, next to a donut with orange jelly.
cat with its kitten.
a food on tabule.
A dinner plate of chicken and brocolli.
laptop the person with black suit is operating.
A laptop that the man is using.
A person sitting on a bench.
The person sitting on the bench.
The police motorcycle on the right.
A sheep in the center of the image.
A lamb's face looking straight at the camera.
purse with money.
A man holding a wallet with money on a street.
blue car driving  in fornt of a building.
Blue 4-door sedan riding down the street.
A motorcyle with 3 headlights.
the middle motorcycle in the right hand picture.
A big knife on the counter.
Metal pizza slicer.
An apple sitting stem side up in the middle of a bowl of other apples.
The two apples next to the banana.
a woman in a green jacket.
A woman wearing green gloves and eye glass standing near a man.
A man appears to be nailed to a couple of skateboards that are lying on a street.
A man with blue jean and brown t-shirt lying on the skateboard.
A sandwich with an avocado slice on top.
A sandwich with two slices of avocado.
The cow on the far right.
A brown and white cow directly facing the camera.
Female playing WII in tan sweater.
A women with a light tan shirt and dark jeans playing the Wii.
Ripe bananas hang down in the top left of the picture.
Bunch of banana hanging from the top left most corner of the picture.
A love seat to the left of a tv.
the loveseat to the left of the tv.
Arms and back of chair with man.
The red and blue airplane.
The blue southwest aeroplane.
A man in a helmet.
A man driving a motorcycle with a helmet on.
elephant entering into water.
The elephant that is already in the water.
the man to the far left.
A shortstop is looking to make a catch at second base as a base runner is sliding into the base.
A baby elephant walking with larger elephants.
A baby elephant in the zoo between two adult eleplants.
A blue and silver bi plane is parked in an aircraft hangar.
A silver and red biplane with blue covers, sat to the right of two other biplanes.
A BOY WEARING BLACK COLOR AND PINKED COLOR NO.45 PLAYING WITH HIS TEAMMATES.
The guy that is wearing the number 45.
The female leading the mule.
a woman in a black sweater.
Leafy greens with pineapple and a crabcake in the front.
A plate of food with a fork near it.
The right frame of a woman tennis player.
woman in the picture on the right.
A black and white horse walking through water.
Horse walking through the water.
the negro woman is looking somewhere.
a black color girl in middle of two white couple.
Pizza slices next to fork and glass.
A FRESH ROUND SHAPED PISA.
bird in the left side of the image.
A yellow bird whose eye is visible.
the wooden bench underneath the open window.
A umpire near a baseball player.
An umpire watching the pitch.
A banana with a partially black stem and one blemish on it.
left banana.
the right most banana.
A black parking meter.
black parking meter in front of car.
A man in the back of the truck wearing a green shirt.
green shirt man.
A person in a white hat.
woman walking in snow.
wicker chair behind kid in purple shirt.
a brown empty chair.
White plane being watered down.
large passenger white airplane.
A black color car which is in the right side.
The parked car on the bottom right.
A black, green and red train car stopped on the tracks to the right of a train engine.
The back of the train leaving.
boy in black shirt holding large umbrella.
boy with black umbrella.
child of zebra standing to the right side of the mother zebra.
A zebra looking at another zebra eating grass.
A young boy wearing a London sweatshirt playing with a windsock walking down a cobblestone street.
A boy holding a kite.
The windshield of the red car.
totally red car with hood up.
The bald man in the black shirt.
the man flying the kite.
a man was standing.
british police man.
A man in a black shirt is playing the Wii.
a man in a black shirt with his arm in front of him.
A black motor cycle.
A black motorcycle with red trim and dirty wheels and tires.
A little girl with black hair, and a black and white striped shirt.
A girl in a black and white striped shirt.
A woman in a lime green sweater.
A woman in a lime green sweater.
A white and glass stove behind the girl.
a black oven.
A large bull elephant standing behind a baby elephant.
A large elephant standing in the grass.
A silver bike with black wheels.
The bicycle that the man his holding.
A teenage in a striped shirt standing with his friends.
A man in a striped shirt standing with one leg crossed over the other.
Chair in front of refrigerator.
the chair whose back is facing the fridge.
The girl sitting in the white chair wearing a pink sweater.
woman in pink shirt.
a photo of a road from a car.
View through windshield from inside car.
The elephant to the right of the group.
The elephant on the right.
man on right with watch on.
A piece of orange in the middle of many other pieces.
Orange slice in center of plate.
the second to the front yellow thingy.
A man's hand holding on the side of a camera.
A person's hand reaching for a camera on a table.
A man wearing glasses, a striped shirt and light color pants.
A man, in white pants, looking a laptop.
A bike on the road with a couple on it.
A motorcycle that a man in a pink shirt is driving.
A male umpire in a blue uniform holding up a baseball glove.
The catcher of a baseball team playing in a game.
zebra on the left.
zebra to the left.
A flip phone with the screen visible.
A lit silver cellphone opened p.
A woman in a blue tank top.
A blond woman smiles while sitting outdoors at a picknic table.
guy in black jacket drinking in wine glass.
A man drinking.
Large white refrigerator with picture of island on its face.
A white refrigerator with stickers, posters and magnets on it.
A man using a white laptop computer.
The guy with cross legged and laptop on his lap.
A baseball player waiting for his turn at bat.
a baseball player standing in the on deck circle while another player is at the plate.
A brown moose with h uge antlers standing over an object and nose-to-nose with another moose.
A dark brown cow with horns standing in front of a wheel.
black bat.
Black Baseball Bat.
a white car between two other cars.
A white car parked next to a red vehicle.
A man in white shirtand tan shorts walking away.
A rear-facing man in a white tee and khaki shorts holding something outdoors.
A man skateboarding in mid air.
A boy wearing a white jacket playing scatting.
A lady holding a bear cub.
A man holding a Black bear.
A tennis player in a blue shirt and shorts.
A person wearing a blue shirt and white shoes.
The tall bush which is standing on the a tall pot.
Large tree further away from door opening.
A red motorcycle.
The red and white motorcycle.
An orange colored soup with cat shaped pieces of cheese.
The food has cutout cheese that looks like cats on top of it.
a blue van.
Dark blue vehicle with woman driver.
A man standing in a yellow shirt.
asian man wearing yellow t-shirt.
A young boy playing on a computer with a shirt that says spring.
Chair that child is sitting on.
wooden chair being used by young boy.
The back of a man walking past a bus.
The man with the black t-shirt and jeans walking toward the bus.
bowl of grits or oatmeal with a white spoon in the bowl.
Food in bowl with spoon in it.
A child in red and yellow tie dye.
The boy in the tie die shirt.
red car driving down a street.
A red car.
little girl receiving massage form woman in black.
A child in a red shirt laying down on a pink blanket.
The peeled orange with its navel sticking up.
The peeled orange in the left part of bowl that still has much of the white skin covering.
A jersey cow eating from a pile of hay.
A solid brown cow standing.
the green couch that has two people sitting on it.
A green sofa that 2 people are sat on, the man has a white shirt.
A woman wearing black sitting down.
Woman in black clothing sitting on the right couch behind the woman in the white shirt.
A red glazed ceramic vase with two handles.
A red vase with two handles.
A red moped  with a red and black dotted seat cover.
The red motorcycle with the polka dot sest.
A woman in a green coat between two men.
A woman in a striped scarf.
a cushion type revolving chair.
A chair facing the TV in front of a water cooler.
The white car with a yellow sticker.
White car with yellow license.
Black child with his glove on.
A young child sitting on the step wearing a baseball uniform and baseball glove.
The man with a mustache and the watch.
A man with a goatee holding a black and white racket.
A glass behind the plate.
An empty glass next to the plate.
A green truck.
old green GMC truck.
A CHEF STANDING IN FRONT OF THE KITCHEN WEARING WHITE COLOR CHEF DRESS WITH SMILING.
A chef in all white, smiling because he loves his job.
A guy in red T-shirt watching a girl and boy play frisbee.
a man and red t shirt and black glass.
A baseball player in a grey uniform with black hat and black socks swinging a broken bat.
A baseball player who broke his bat.
A couch that a bald man is sitting on.
the black couch with the bald guy in the right hand picture.
a man in a black shirt and shorts holding tennis equipment.
Man in black uniform holding a tennis racket.
The bag that the man in front is holding on the opposite side from the blue bag.
The brief case in the right hand of the soldier.
A blue tow truck with red and white stripes on the rear bumper.
The blue truck with some crane over it.
White pick-up truck.
the white truck.
The woman using a laptop.
a woman typing on her laptop.
end of bench left side.
A concrete slab bench.
The homeplate catcher.
A catcher crouched wearing a blue helmet.
A child at the beach falling in the sand.
A little boy at the beach, crawling in the sand.
a white moped being ridden by a man.
A white vehicle being driven by an old gentleman.
a blue dressed golf keeper.
A catcher in a blue uniform with an Oakland A's batter.
The RV is white.
white camper with blue stripes.
The largest fishing ship.
red fishing boat next to dock.
the bottom pizza on the right in the right hand picture.
a black dog stretched out under a window.
A black dog with a white stripe laying on a red, white, and blue striped blanket next to another dog.
A man wearing a blue shirt.
The man wearing the blue shirt sitting on the bench with two other men,.
Vertical hot dog in bun with onion and ketchup on top.
Hot dog with ketchup and roll.
a Black chair at the table.
The chair which is on the left side of the table.
The elephant on its knees.
A ELEPHANT SITTING IN A CIRCUS AND TWO MORE ELEPHANT STAND ON IT.
White bowl with cranberry sauce in it.
Red colored food in a white container with a spoon.
Refrigerator behind white shirted man.
The yellow car with the pink hood.
A dark red vehicle with a black top.
A blue painetd passenger train arrived on a platform.
A blue train with a woman in green standing next to it.
Guy in plaid, but not his snowboard.
A guy snowboarding with a gray and black jacket.
The man wearing black with his hands on his head.
A man seated on a sofa with his hands on his head.
There is a clapping hands in front of dinning table.
A seemingly disembodied pair of hands clapping.
Screen partially blocked by woman wearing green shirt.
a projector screen that has a presention.
The second red bench back,  starting from the closest to the camera.
Red park benches.
a person standing in front of the kale with black on.
The person wearing black that is not facing the camera.
back left pizza.
The pizza behind a fork.
A bear viewed in profile, sitting by the handle of wooden cart.
A teddy bear in front of another teddy bear.
A piece of food that was just cut on the corner of the table.
Piece of a calzone.
cow with 949 tag.
A cow with an ear tag with the number 949 on it.
A man holding down another man.
The person holding the other person's head down.
A red tram driving through the city at night.
the train with a red front.
the blurry person in the background in red and grey.
a zebra facing left in front of a gazelle.
a zeebr  was etnig in gars.
a well dressed young boy.
A little boy wearing a tie.
A catcher about to catch a baseball.
player crouching waiting for the pitch.
A woman in the foregound talking to a man wearing a baseball cap.
The woman in front of the train and talking with a man.
black man with back to camera.
A black man with a backpack who is facing away from the camera.
A black motorcycle on the road with the number 620 on the front.
black motorcycle number 620.
Two oranges sitting on the white window sill beside the lemons.
Two oranges sit above a sink.
The bicycle of the man with a black coat and grey pants.
The back tire on the bicycle.
Semi truck & trailer for show.
The large truck and trailer behind the motorcycle in mid air.
A zebra with his head in the grass.
A zebra with its face in the grass.
Gray chair farthest from the fireplace.
chair on bottom right.
A partial slice of chocolate cake.
A single piece of cake, laying on a plate.
The laptop facing us.
An open silver laptop beside a small plastic cup of tea.
A stop sign for the streets Charles Ave and Ridgewood.
red board.
Grey pantleg behind the man in blue.
person in blue jeans standing behind a person who is holdign a sandwich in his hand on a table.
A tree behind a grey chair.
the palm fronds in the back behind the gray chair.
the tennis player.
A man stretching out his arm and jumping while playing tennis.
the bed on the bottom left.
the larger bed.
Chocolate cake to right of sandwich.
a small piece of chocolate cake.
The giraffe standing behind the fallen log, against the wall, on the left.
a giraffe in front of a wall.
Plant behind chair to the right.
The frame of a doorway.
A woman sitting at the dining table eating with her two children.
A woman sitting at a table wearing glasses and feeding a small child.
the baseball player farthest from the camera.
player on top of picture.
Woman with green and white striped pants.
A woman wearing glasses and green pajamas.
A white, National Holidays tour bus.
bus 022.
Man in red shirt holding cabinet.
A man in a red shirt moving a refrigerator.
The green car.
A green SUV in motion.
A man ,skating behind another man , that another man wearing a brown helmet.
A tan colored sleeping doggy.
The dog.
The pizza on the right.
A pizza in paper box and neare to the camera.
The chair arms, of the chair the man is sitting in.
A blue chair under a man.
A laptop lid with LCD still attached, separated from the palmrest.
A screen of a laptop that has been removed.
A man in black pants and a blue coat stands on skis in the snow.
A man in a blue coat and black pants standing on skis.
a cheese pizza ready to serve and ready to eat.
A double Decker bus on the right, having IB raider advertisement.
A red bus with a Tomb Raider advertisment.
A traffic light that is signalling red.
A traffic light with the red light lit.
A small boy playing baseball in a white uniform with orange lettering.
Boy wearing white baseball helmet, white baseball uniform with orange writing, standing slightly bent at the waist.
A woman in a black sports outfit playing tennis.
A woman with a black tennis uniform and blue and white sneakers.
An empty grey chair.
the cream colored chair with the dark would molding.
batter.
The hitter with the #39 on the back of his jersey.
A sheeps body with it's head hidden behind a tree.
A midle shot of a white sheep walking.
A man is surfing in the ocean.
A man boogie boarding in the ocean.
The dog with the silver collar.
The red handle.
The red toothbrush.
The table.
An older woman with two dogs on her body.
A woman sitting in a chair holding a little black dog.
A boy in a blue shirt with hands together watching a man play with a video game controller.
A boy wearing a blue shirt and green pants, sitting on a chair.
Empty benches located in between 2 men sitting on benches.
Back of elephant head on left.
The second woman from the left.
girl second from left.
player in red.
A kid in a maroon and white baseball jersey next to two players from the other team.
A Bottom Traffic signal system.
a street sign with needle in the green.
Slice of pizza on a white plate with spinach.
The man to the farthest right holding his snowboard in the air.
The man holding his board at an angle.
A young girl with purple top and pants, walking past another girl.
Blonde girl wearing purple.
A fuzzy stuffed dog has white fur with gray on its right ear and back.
the doll with the large, circuliar nose.
A park bench holding only the front half of a small running dog.
the controller in the left hand.
A Wii nunchuck in a persons left hand.
A ripe bunch of bananas with one of its bananas cut in half.
The lower bunch of bananas with the sign near the top.
The ski on the left foot of the man bending down.
A table to the right of a woman.
older woman sitting down at a table.
an old lady with white hair in green jacket.
A black ancient Greek vase with figures.
An urn with pictures of people on it that is to the right of three other urns.
A black lap-top on the desk.
A black laptop sitting on a desk with text on the screen.
A man about to catch a frisbee.
A man with no shirt gets ready to catch a Frisbee.
A pizza.
A multi topping pizza.
An elderly man walking down the stairs in the middle of two other men.
A man walks behind the president as they exit Air Force 1.
A green sofa with white pillows on it.
A large green sofa that is on the left side of the screen with three white pillows on each end.
A bed with 3 pillows and that is near a dresser with objects on it.
The bed closest to the wall that doesn't have a backpack on it.
A white dog sitting in a field next to farm animals during the day.
a large white dog lying in the grass.
man wearing white shirt and red shorts.
A man with a white and red t-shirt and red shorts holding a tennis racket.
the man's arm in the left.
A man's hand reaches toward an innertube.
White police bike with the girl sitting on it.
motercycle woman is on.
the top bunk.
The bunk bed on top with purple unicorn not including the girl.
The back of a white truck trailer.
The back of a white tractor trailer.
The police officer that is to the outermost right of the two officers in the photo.
Man closest to the signs.
the guy with the sword.
A man wearing a uniform and holding a sword.
The person wearing the white hat.
The man in the blue jacket.
The mother elephant.
The large elephant guiding the younger elephant.
A ferry boat carrying passengers.
white boat.
The white snowboard with the HEAD logo.
A white snowbord.
slice of pizza on a white plate to the right of a missing slice of pizza.
A slice of ham pizza already cut from the rest of the pizza.
A woman wearing an orange sweater is smiling with her hands up.
Woman in orange sweater with arms in the air.
The blue kids' chair.
The tiny chair behind the little boy.
Arms of person holding hair dryer.
The woman's hands holding the hair dryer.
A zebra sitting on the ground in a grassy, sandy area.
A zebra sitting down.
Green broccoli on a plate of food.
Brocolli on a plate.
A large cruise ship.
A large, multi-tiered cruise liner.
a woman in a yellow orange shirt.
The woman in the khaki jacket and black shoes behind the tennis player.
lady behind the player.
PIECE OF CAKE NEAREST TOP LEFT.
A backpack is on the top of the pile.
red bag against wall.
A man wearing a blue shirt and yellow shorts hitting a tennis ball.
the tennis player on the right.
side of a white truck.
The side of a white truck.
A grey monitor that is off.
A flat screen computer monitor with audio plugs inserted in the front panel.
Dark sheep behind light colored sheep.
The sheep in the background.
Pizza with muscles and various shelled things on it.
A pizza with clams on top.
A velveteen blue chair with a colorful blanket.
a green chair with a blanket in it.
A three-wheeled cycle cart.
The bicycle that has a man sitting on it.
a man in a pink shirt.
It's a man who's playing Frisbee.
The streetlight Kilbourn with the green light illuminated.
Yellow stop light lit up green.
a cup with some pink sause.
A cup of red dressing.
Back of a monitor behind a silver laptop computer on a desk with other computers.
A monitor sits behind two laptops and another computer monitor.
Person on surfboard bottom right screen.
A surfer with both arms outstreched.
Green childs toothbrush in use.
The green toothbrush.
older computer monitor on the left behind laptop.
an old 1990s grey computer monitor.
The man taking car eof the elephant.
The man scratching the elephant.
Woman in black and white ski outfit holding a pole.
The skier in the white jacket.
BIRD ON RIGHT.
The smaller, blurrier bird.
an adult elephant.
tallest elephant in the image.
Girl with a pony tail using a laptop computer.
girl.
A clear container full of puree.
A glass bowl of opeach colored yogurt.
Cameraman's shirt.
man in olive colored shirt holding a camera.
person in batting cage wearing number 4.
The boy with the number four uniform.
the handle bars and seat of one bicycle and the back half of another.
An elderly man with a blue apron.
white man in blue apron.
A bowl of salad.
A bowl of salad.
sandwich on a bun that has been cut in half that is burnt with 3 other pictures of food.
A brown, burnt bun filled in with what appears to be some sort of fried meat.
A red SUV that is in the reflection of the glass.
A reflection in a glass door of a red car.
A umprire at a baseball game.
An umpire standing behind a catcher.
A black vending trailer next to another vending trailer that is opened.
Horse behind horse carrying woman.
A BASEBALL HITTER IN THE GROUND.
man in white.
half a beef sandwich below the other half on a white plate.
Asparagus in the middle of the plate.
A piece of green brocolli in a stir fry .
A man in a black shirt preparing to hit a tennis ball.
A sweaty man with a black shirt holding a tennis racket.
A piece of semi burnt tortilla folded in the middle.
the tasty treat gripped by the fingers.
Side of a man's motorcycle with a dog in it.
The back of a chair in a restaruant.
The back of a tan and black chair.
A WHITE LONG SURBOARD BEING CARRIED.
A woman wearing a white shirt and blue jeans standing outside holding a blue umbrella.
A black women, dressed in jeans and a white top, holding an umbrella for another person whom is operating a grill.
a woman in black.
A womn with a black turtleneck holding a silver phone.
the second elephant in line.
A large elephant walking behind another elephant.
A MAN SKATING ON THE WOODEN ROD.
A man performing skateboard trick.
A bowl filled with three apples.
A bowl of apples.
A woman wearing a skirt, swinging a tennis racket.
The woman wearing a hat.
A small giraffe.
A griaffe with its head under the top one trying to see what food the woman has.
light brown one person arm chair nearest to the piano.
A brown chair to the left of a leather couch.
PLAYING TENNIS.
A man lying awake in bed.
This is a man that is awake at 3:00.
The trunk of a black car right next to a woman looking at it.
The trunk of a black car with a red tail light has a woman holding fruit walking next to it.
A drinks dispenser nearest to the blue and green jacketed man.
Wine decanter with red nozzle closest to clean shaven fellow.
A BLACK COLOR STEEL CHAIR IN THE CENTER POSITION.
a horse grazing.
Horse eating grass.
A bottle of wine labeled VAL sitting on a table.
glass bottle.
A man wearing a blazer holding a wine glass next to a woman and man.
A man wearing a grey suit.
The back of a woman in a black shirt and yellow skirt behind a table with sunflowers on it.
A woman sets at the outside table and chair and talks on the phone.
A tall giraffe.
the tall giraffe facing away from the camera.
A person in long blue shorts and sandals.
person who's head is blocked by elephant's head.
model of a black canoe in the middle of a canoe display.
A black canoe display.
woman in blue with laptop.
The woman is wearing a blue top with a laptop in her lap.
The smaller giraffe looks to the right.
short size giraffee.
An empty sink.
White sink.
A newborn baby getting its hair brushed.
A baby.
A woman holds a fork as she eats a pizza.
A smiling woman about to eat pizza and salad.
White and black cat laying on orange cat.
chaur man inbgray is sitting on.
black color chair in the right side of the image.
the kid in white.
Skateboarder in white shirt and jeans doing trick.
A woman being followed by another person.
The skier in the lead.
A young boy in a green hat and red shirt riding a cow sculpture.
A child wearing a hat riding on a fake cow.
a sofa on bag sofa in room.
chair with bag.
A WHITE COLOR HORSE CARRIAGE IS CARRYING TWO MAN AND ONE WOMAN & RUNNING IN THE ROAD.
A white horse pulling a carriage of people.
A corn dog in the middle of the tray.
A corn dog in a white paper bowl, sitting between two other corn dogs.
A tusked elephant grazing with the herd.
An elephant to the right of a line of elephants.
animal on the right of the two kissing.
tan goat facing to the left.
A yellow wooden chair.
A yellow wooden chair in the garden.
lunch meat.
A charcuterie plate.
Man in sleeveless shirt.
a man wearing a light blue shirt and dark blue shorts volleying a tennis ball.
the elephant in the back.
An elephant in the background carries performers.
Little boy in front of umbrella near girl with missing tooth.
smallest boy on left.
the car behind the man in the plaid shirt.
The car behind the man holding his head.
the pink object on left.
a pink frame.
A man walks smiling while wearing a grey jacket and carying skis.
An ice skater wearing an ash colored jacket walking along with a woman.
A round wall clock showing London time next to two other clocks showing times for other cities.
clock on wall showing 12:21.
Elderly lady wearing light blue suit cutting into a cake.
An elderly woman in a light blue suit cutting a cake.
A long black and white boat.
A black and white boat behind a green boat.
A woman in black blow drying another womans hair.
A woman with red hair blowdrying a brunette woman's hair.
a man was smiling in a black colour t-shirt.
The man in the black shirt.
a man was cutting the cake.
A man in a striped shirt cutting a chocolate cake.
A brown horse with white markings on its face and legs.
A light brown horse grazing in green grass with additional horses on either side of it.
a sandwich with green stuff on it that is clear and not blurry.
Brown cow with large horns.
the face of a brown cow.
The man in the white shirt playing the computer,.
the man in white shirt playing video game.
A silver spoon on a plate next to chocolate cake.
the fork for the cake.
A light gray laptop.
A silver laptop.
Leftmost bicycle.
A pink bike being picked off a rack.
The girl getting wet.
A girl.
A white dog sitting on the drivers seat of a car.
A fluffy white dog sitting behind the steering wheel of a car.
person in black jacket and dark red snow pants.
A women with a black jacket and purple pants smiling.
the guy in the white t-shirt.
A man in a white shirt and black pants works on a bike.
The brown cushion beneath the teddy bear on the left.
the orange sofa on the left side.
a person laying under an umbrella.
Someones legs coming out from under a beach umbrella.
a man in red pants jumping on skis.
A man in maroon pants is skiing.
The man in the red shirt.
A man in a red shirt and jeans watching TV.
A hot dog rolled up in a crescent roll on the edge of the plate.
Hot dog wrapped with croissant dough and mustard eyes on a blue plate.
A baseball hitter swinging at the ball.
A player with white dress and black helmet.
Brown truck.
An old rusty flatbed pick up truck.
A white passenger ship in the water.
A white boat docked at a pier.
There is screen back of two men.
The screen behind the men.
Right hand display screen.
Man in blue holding child.
a man holding a little boy, both with dark hair, the boy is wearing blue striped socks and the man is wearing jeans that go just below his knees.
an area of shrubbery to the left of a meter.
A colorful plant behind the meter and it is the third plant from the left.
man sitting down wearing white shirt and taking picture with cell phone.
a man in a white shirt holding a black cell phone.
A bottle of Corona on a table.
A bottle of Corona.
A glass gottle in the middle of two others.
MIDDLE GLASS  VASE.
A woman in a purple plaid shirt whose face is blocked by something.
The woman with the frisbee in front of her face.
A man in an orange striped shirt, who is talking on his phone.
man in red striped shirt talking on phone.
rhino closest to the men.
adult elephant lying in the water being petted by a man in camouflage clothing.
A woman.
A woman wearing a blue jean jocket and giving the great smile.
Zebra with birds on its back.
A zebra where more birds sit on its back.
the speaker behind the laptop.
A women in blue giving a presentation.
A man laying on the couch.
An old man wearing specs watching there.
The KTM orange motorcycle #19.
handlebars of a motor bike with a red label bearing the number 15.
A white sofa.
a white sofa that is next to the fire place.
The older girl next to the brown bear.
A girl that has long brown hair and wearing a sleeveless shirt.
Laptop keyboard.
A keyboard on the laptop.
A television sits turned off on a desk.
A TV along the wall behind a desk with a laptop.
a clear triangle shaped vase holding roses.
A short vase holding red flowers.
A baseball batter swinging at a ball and missing.
A left handed batter at home plate, wearing red helmet, gray uniform with red stripes, and the number 29 on the back.
A boy wearing a blue jacket.
A little boy wearing a blue jacket that is looking towards the camera.
muffaleta with bites missing.
A quarter of a sandwich with a bite taken out.
Two black and a green duffle bags stacked up.
A green backpack.
A giraffe whose head isn't visible.
A giraffe whose head is not in the picture.
A gummy hotdog.
The candy being held by the person.
the beach umbrella.
The umbrella behind the guy with the surfboard.
The giraffe whose head appears larger.
The giraff in front of the woman eating leaves.
RED TRAIN.
A red caboose with a woman in a yellow shirt standing next to it.
man hand near elephant.
Two hands, squeezed, reaching for the elephant.
A large black umbrella.
a man with white t-shirt outside the playground is talking to someone.
A man commenting the players from outside the court.
The bunch of bananas attached over the other fruit.
banana on the top.
A man holding a plate and sitting on a couch.
Man in blue shirt holding a plate.
Man.
A man with white t-shirt and blue jeans lowering down.
a woman wearing an apron.
A woman wearing an apron.
A clear cup half full of clear liquid, sitting on a napkin.
A transparent glass containing water.
circular kite behind the couple wearing white and black shirts.
The parachute furthest to the right.
A BOY GOING TO CUT CAKE.
young boy on right with white shirt blowing cake.
woman in front wearing sunglasses.
the lady with sunglasses and tennis shoes.
A lady batting.
the woman at bat.
A man in a black shirt.
the man standing next to the elephant's trunk.
A blue motorcycle.
blue bike.
A man with a gray shirt on lounging outside.
The back of a person sitting outside a glass window and black bag behind him inside the window.
A cat's mirror reflection.
The reflection of a cat in a mirror.
A man wearing a blue, striped shirt.
A man in a blue stripe shirt watching another person playing Wii sports.
The monitor of a computer displaying the Universal logo.
A computer monitor in between two speakers.
Silver plated microwave.
The silver microwave.
the middle banana in the right hand picture.
Banana in the middle, tied to elbow.
An old man.
an old bald white man wearing blue/white stripes cutting a cheesecake.
A beautiful bright blue bird with yellow around its dark eyes.
A blue parrot.
A motorcycle with a helmet on one handlebar.
the first bike from the left.
A man wearing a light blue shirt and denim shorts.
A boy in a gray shirt and shorts watching a game being played.
A mountain goat with a very shaggy coat.
A woolly animal looking at the camera.
A young Caucasian maile wearing a white button-up shirt, suspenders, a tie, and dark slacks, lifting a plate from a table.
A small boy holding plates.
Slice with its crust parallel to the knife and fork.
the slice of pizza nearest to the knife.
A white legged black horse playing in the farm field.
black horse running in field.
The food item directly above the single stove knob.
The man on the boat with a blue hat and glasses.
Man on a sailboat wearing sunglasses, hat and life vest with another man behind him steering the boat.
The smaller elephant.
a small elephant with one leg up and its trunk on the other elephant.
A passenger bus with the words Waterloo 521 on the front of it.
a bus was rod.
A small light green cluster of plants in a relatively empty planter.
Plants in the first gardening box with black soil.
a person head with the hat on backwards.
The person on the right wearing a white hat.
man in a black tuxedo with whtie corsage getting married.
A groom getting a ring placed on his hand by his bride.
A white and gray wireless keyboard for a desktop computer.
white keyboard sitting in front of an iMac computer on a desk.
The man in the background looking to his right.
A MAN IN A LONG SLEEVED SHIRT LOOKING INTO THE CROWD.
The green and gray train with yellow markings on the door.
MOVING THE TRAIN IN YELLOW  GREEEN AND BLACK  COLOR.
A man with a pice of food in his mouth.
A man with glasses and a piece of fried food in his mouth tries to pass it to the other girls mouth without dropping it.
The closest zebra.
A zebra standing in front of two other zebras.
A person in a black shirt in the background.
A woman in the background in a black shirt.
woman holding kit.
Woman in pink shirt holding kite.
The man holding the umbrella.
a man wearing all black carrying an umbrella walking in front of a white car.
A girl wearing a blue shirt and jeans with Wii controllers in her hand.
A girl wearing a light green tshirt playing the Wii.
The clock shaped like a hexagon showing twelve o'clock.
Octagonal clock showing twelve o' clock.
The bench that is furthers away from the cat.
a person with yellow helmet.
little boy on a snowboard.
elephant with boy and one other passenger riding.
The elephant with two riders.
A boy in a blue shirt plays soccer with a girl in a pink shirt.
A child playing soccer in a blue shirt.
a baseball player in a white jersey.
The player tagging the base runner.
monitor on right.
black rim monitor.
a black car.
rear of minivan, barely seen parked on the other side of the red toyota tacoma truck.
A bird flying over a table that has another bird on it.
white dove in air.
The baby zerba walking to the left of the other zebras.
The small zebra standing on the left side in the picture.
The man on the surfboard.
a kid on a red surfboard.
The door of the stove.
A man in a black jacket on a green motorcycle sitting next to a brick building.
A man sitting on a green motorcycle.
A child in a yellow coat.
The person on the right wearing yellow jacket ans black pants.
Person flying across while holding onto a skateboard.
a black coloured dressed man is jumping with his scatting board.
chiar the woman in white shirt is sitting on.
Giraffe looking to the left into the tree in the bottom frame of the picture.
A giraffe facing to the left.
A man in a light blue shirt with yellow socks.
The man in the light blue shirt who is on his knees.
The orange that has been cut in half.
half a slice of orange with the insides showing.
A tan car parked in front of bus.
silver car in front of buses.
Boy in blue shorts whispering into the ear of the boy in black shorts on the beach.
two boys standing by the dirt playing kick ball.
vegtable salad.
a slice of lemon, broccoli, cherry tomatoes and squash.
plane behind the row of 3 planes.
A plane behind 3 planes.
A girl sitting down on a couch holding a Wii remote.
A woman in a black sweater holding a Wii controller.
An empty chair with luggage to the right.
A blue seat with a white arm rest.
Person closest to railroad track wearing grey coat and red boots.
the person with the umbrella on the right.
A sandwich kept on the plate along with other food item and fruit slices.
The burger on the plate in the center.
the giraffe whose neck is twisted upside down.
A woman sitting left side of another woman hearing a man.
A blond haired girl sat down.
A woman holding a pot.
a woman standing.
An empty leather seat next to a man wearing glasses.
Empty seat beside man.
the second cow from the right side of the photo.
THERE IS ONE BIG BLACK TOURIST BAG ON THE FLOOR.
man loading cart in gray shirt.
a person trying to stack boxes.
The man with no hat leading the way on his skateboard.
A person on a skateboard in front of his friend.
A man swinging a baseball bat.
a man in a brown jacket and tan pants swinging a bat.
Silver truck driving in the middle of the road.
a silver truck is driving down a road, and a man is standing by a sign behind it.
The surfboard with a blue stripe along it located behind the man.
A white surfboard behind a man.
A girl with black hair looking at a grey laptop.
woman in white t shirt looking at computer.
The child with the red tshirt.
The kid with red T-shirt lying on his back.
a fork sitting next to aplate of food.
A silver fork laying next to a knife and spoon alongside a plate of food.
Stovetop on the stove that is white in color.
stovetop.
A clear lid resting on two cups and a spoon on it.
A plastic cup with a straw.
the middle cat.
The dark cat, in the middle of three, who is lying on a human hand/arm.
A silver laptop.
a black keyboard.
The keyboard set up in front of the laptop.
chair that is closest to the cat.
The furthest armchair on the right.
The vase that's holding the sunflowers.
The small vase the sunflower is sitting in on the table.
Police officer sitting on motorcyle.
Police Personnel during patrolling.
the larger giraffe that's in the background.
A big giraffe walking.
A small black bike in the back of a store window.
A yellow bike behind a window without a basket.
A maroon colored sofa.
A dark brown couch underneath a painting.
Giraffe on the right facing towards the left.
the back of a person.
a knife laying on the cutting board.
A knife kept on the table having black handle.
Sliced manderin oranges.
Orange without the skin and kept on the bowl.
A boy in an orange Cavs shirt holding a tennis racket.
A kid with an orange shirt on.
Plants on display and rocks on the edge.
A black tererrium in the background.
man with blue plaid shirt riding horse.
Person in the blue shirt on the horse.
The elephant with its trunk out.
An elephant with its trunk out.
The bench the man on the left is sitting on.
brown color bench in which the man is sitting.
A guy with a ponytail wearing a gray shirt holding the Wii paddle.
A man with a ponytail holding a Wii controller.
Two red and two white place settings complete with silverware and glasses of wine.
a table that has glasses and menus on them.
A black tea shirt person playing skating board.
a man inside a skating ramp doing tricks on a skate board.
A giraffe closest to the viewer.
A maroon and gray backpack.
A large grey backpack with black and maroon trim.
The black horse on the front right side.
Horse on the right.
A zebra standing and turned right side and watching.
a zebra in focus, staring at the photographer.
A blue car on the road in the middle of a city.
The blue sedan in the forefront.
The wooden chair behind the pot of flowers.
the curved back of the wooden chair.
The bench the person is sitting on.
A occupied bench.
Black SUV parked in front of a building in a city.
The black SUV.
A yellow bus with the words 'Cip Ganti' on the front of it.
A yellow tour bus, with a paper labelled BIS 1 on the windshield.
A soccer player in green and white, dribbling the ball.
A soccer player wearing a green and white uniform.
A wooden dining table.
the man smoking in the right hand picture.
the man with the cigarette in his mouth.
A red bicycle being lifted onto a train.
A red bicycle being loaded onto a train by two people.
sheep with a blue bandana on it.
The sheep with the blue hankerchief.
wall behind cat.
The back part of a grey couch.
A large chocolate cake with a piece missing sits on a table.
chocolate triple cake is for the man's birthday celebration.
BACK SIDE OF A LADY WEARING JEANSAND HAND BAG.
a person in jeans and a red sweater holding a peacock feather umbrella.
The black suitcase.
A solid black carry-on suitcase.
A sandwich half sitting alone next to another sandwich half and a bottle of soda.
Half of a sandwich to the left of the other half.
middle wine glass.
The glass of wine has is fuller than the rest.
Glass with liquid in the top right corner.
a wine glass.
the two players in black.
The tennis player.
The woman about to hit the ball.
the big yellow bus.
A yellow city bus on a crowded street with cars and bicyclists.
A large bird standing outside of a door.
A tall pelican is standing on a mat in front of a glass door.
The giraffe whose back is turned toward tree with chicken wire on trunk.
A giraffe to the right of the tree.
The older woman reading a book.
mother is telling for her kids.
A woman in a dress eating a sandwich.
a woman.
a small horse.
smaller brown baby horse.
A black color wooden chair just in front of the class window.
A black chair with blue tissue paper on it.
A MUG ON TABLE.
mug closest to the knife.
A man dressed in black wearing glasses sitting a chair with a brown back.
A man holding a pen and noting something.
The burnt hotdog coming out from under hamburgers that is touching the tongs.
Sausage link under patty and on the bottom left of other  links.
a white taxi cab parked on the side of the road.
A white taxi.
A woman in a floral shirt with a wrist watch.
a woman in  floral shirt is laughing.
The orange on the plate in the back.
an orange slice on a plate to the right of two other slices.
A very large pizza, half of which has pepperoni and cheese and the other half has many different toppings.
A giant pizza with many different toppings.
the brown table under the food and the lady's elbows.
The table that is underneath the pizza.
Surface of the brown table above the pizza on the left.
The  mustard-colored jar on the right is the middle-sized jar.
A MAN WATCHING THE TV WITH FATHER.
man wearing sleeveless gray shirt.
The cat that is resting on a round cushion.
A light brown cat on a leopard print pillow.
The motorcycle on the right.
A very large motorcycle that is green and yellow with a strip of red Detail and is the larger version of the two motorcycles.
A glass of wine with yellow flower painted on it.
A glass half fun of wine with yellow flowers on the side.
The piece of broccoli touching the noodles.
closest piece of broccoli.
Pink and red bag behind a white purse.
A pink and red striped bag.
Dark brown horse at the end with a police riding it.
A dark brown horse standing to the right of three other horses.
the person with the black helmet on.
The kid on the right on the skateboard with orange wheels.
Man squatting in a protective head gear between the batter and umpire.
The catcher.
A women with blonde hair and grey turtle neck.
A woman in a blue shirt gesticulating behind two men.
White and brown horse.
A white pony with brown spots.
A man in a dark shirt holding a red frisbee.
man wearing black shirt.
Small banana below the heart.
a small banana.
coffee cup behind the large plastic.
A man wearing a black coat and holding a wine glass.
A man holding a glass of wine while someone else poors it.
The guy thowing the ball.
a person in the motion of throwing a baseball.
A piece of stir-fry broccoli served with other vegetable, fish, and rice.
The piece of brocolli just left of the lemon.
Back of a man with dark hair, wearing a red shirt, holding a cell phone in his right hand.
A man is sitting and watching TV.
blue bowl.
Blue dish.
a cupcake with white icing and something black above it.
Pastry with white frosting.
A glazed donut laying under another donut.
A glazed doughtnut to the right of another one.
The bench that the man in gray shirt is sitting on.
A seat that a man on his phone is sitting in.
A man sitting with his legs crossed holding a red cup.
A male in his 40's.
A man with a striped shirt and does not have a mobile.
A carrot stick touching a glass bowl.
the longest piece of carrot.
A man pointing towards another.
man in striped dress shirt.
White truck, has  two tires visible on the front end. It is white with a thin black stripe along the top of the door, just under the window.
the white truck.
an elaphant in very back.
Larger elephant behind.
blond hair woman in pink top sitting next to long haird man in blue shirt.
A blonde woman wearing a pink shirt.
section of fruit bowl that shows bananas, strawberries, and oranges.
The banana that is touching the strawberries.
white wash basin.
A bidet.
A doll house chair with a bear on it.
Small chair.
A baby carrot next to a red onion ring on a plate of salad.
Carrot laying horizontally behind onion.
A table at a restaurant with a couple eating at it.
A table with a man and a woman sitting at it.
A couch in front of the black TV.
A beige couch in a living room with striped pillows.
A black animal with a white splotch on its face.
a black cow with white marks.
chair furthest left near stand with blue pot holding yellow flowers.
a chair all the way to the left.
The guy wearing a gray shirt holding a wii controller in each hand,.
A boy wearing glasses and a gray shirt and black pants holding a Wii controller.
a man in front of bike.
A mechanic servicing the front portion of a yellow colored bike.
A baby bird inbetween 2 other baby birds.
brown feathered birds standing in grass.
beige chair on right.
White and Brown cloths lying which are not arranged properly.
A MAN WHO HAVING BLUE COLORED EYE AND WEARING RED COLOR T SHIRT TAKING SELFIE WITH HIS GIRL FRIEND IN THE HOTEL.
The man in the red shirt facing the camera.
a brown flowerpot sitting directly behind a kitten.
this is a pot of a potted plant behind a black cat.
The clear drinking glass closest to the money.
Wine glasses sit on the table, one in the corner and one in front of the blue bottle.
the young boy drinking from a can.
A kid with a umbrella on his head drinking.
woman is sitting in chair and getting her hair dryer.
Woman sitting getting her hair dryed with her mouth open.
A large red and beige pot next to smaller pots.
A tall red and tan vase next to a shirt black vase with sea glass in it.
An orange and white cat climbing up the arm rest of a green covered couch.
orange cat jumping.
a pizza with bacon and spinach.
Pizza on plate at bottom of picture.
girl leaning on table.
A young girl with blonde her sucking her finger.
A woman in glasses shops in an open air fruit market.
A woman in a gray coat and scarf.
The man in white sitting near the window.
Two men starring at the lap top while they are in the train.
Baseball coach with grey hair supports one of his players.
Manager with grey hair congratulating player who hit a home run.
A CUP OF TEA AND 2 BUNS.
Two rolls and a cup of coffee.
a small silver TV.
Monitor on a desk with other electronics.
A white and gray horse.
A WHITE AND GREY HORSE WITH BROWN HORSE.
Bear laying on a rock.
A brown bear sleeping on a large rock.
The back of a woman in a black jacket waiting for a train.
A woman with black jacket and jeans waiting for a train.
A bicycle with a man in a hat riding it.
A bicycle with thin tires.
Large giraffe standing to the right of two other giraffes.
A giraffe by itself.
The cow with the blue tag in its ear.
a baby jersey cow with the number 17 tagged on its ear.
Man in a grey suit looking through window on a yellow and red train.
HILL TRAIN LANDING THE STATION WITH PASSENGER.
There is a dish on the bottom right hand side of the picture on the table.
A plate with a fork, a knife and uneaten food on it.
A silver bike seat and blue handlebars.
A bike seat of a mountain bike resting by doors.
A baby elephant between a bull elephant and a cow elephant.
A baby elephant standing on dirt.
A woman with dark hair.
the indian woman in a pink dress.
yellow taxi cab with advertising sign on roof.
A yellow cab next to the parked truck.
The black tote bag belonging to the man on the far right.
The black bag that the guy furthest to the right with the watch on is carrying.
A black chair to the right of a red leather couch.
Part of the arm and seat of a gray stuffed armchair.
The hot dog with no orange toppings on it.
A hot dog wwith gren relish and no onions or carrots.
Old man wearing glasses who is wearing a grey sweater.
An old man wearing grey sweater.
the second zebra from the left.
2nd from left zebra.
a white sheep in front of a black sheep.
The hite sheep in front of the other 2 sheep.
the dessert on the left.
The man wearing red socks and a red helmet holding a bat with a white jersey.
the player in white dress and bat in hand.
A plate of fruits.
Peaches and apricot which are of red and yellow in colour that are in the middle of other fruits.
The old woman's opened umbrella.
an umbrella holded by the woman in the rain.
a bowl that has bread in it.
a piece of toast sitting in a bowl.
round orange under bananas.
A wood table that is under a plate containing an empty cupcake wrapper.
A wood table with a fork on it.
Side of the white, blue, and yellow train.
A ski for a left foot.
left white ski on mans foot.
the 5 banana toast on the left in the right hand picture.
The toilet which apprears smaller in the image.
the commode in the right.
A chair with flowery pattern.
single sofa.
A gray and white bird standing alone on the edge of a pier.
Bird standing on the very front of the guardrail that has grey tail and wing feathers and a white head and yellow beak.
A cow looking at the camera.
The black and white cow looking towards the camera.
An ox.
A white ox.
A red umbrella to the right of the other umbrella.
An umbrella over the right table.
A man in a light purple shirt holding a camera.
a man in a lavender shirt.
A Wii Remote.
the wii remote.
the right 3 lights in the right hand picture.
The street light with no visible lights.
A stove top with 2 pans on it next to an ice box.
A white electric stove in a kitchen has two frying pans on it.
A man in a striped shirt riding a skateboard down a rail.
a young man and his skateboard.
Silver butter knife.
A butter knife.
a person standing on a bench wearing beige pants and white shoes.
Legs with khaki pants.
A white wall at the back of the dog inside the house.
A pair of legs with black leggings and grey boots, also a pair of hands in black gloves.
legs of girl.
a brown leather chair with 1 stripe pillow and 1 floral pillow.
The left of the two leather chairs holds a floral-patterned pillow and another decorated with vertical stripes of arranged shapes.
A horse with a white leg walking downhill.
Young brown foal.
A white and red semi truck.
A white color truck on the road.
A white guy sitting on the sofa watching his friend and the TV.
Man in pink's torso.
A pizza with a cheese on it.
The plate with french fries and a napkin.
a plate of food in front of a person who is giving a thumbs up.
A sandwhich being held in somone's right hand.
A partially eaten sandwich that includes french fries.
The man in the white tshirt.
A man holding a camera taking a picture.
the big elephant in the right hand picture.
the larger elephant that's barely visible.
An orange and white striped portion behind an eating woman.
A person riding as a passenger on a motorcycle.
A couple on a bench.
A man sitting in the bench who is wearing a jeans.
Table mat which is under a white plate.
A printed table cloth with a plate of pizza on top of it.
A plane labeled 04.
The plan without red on the front.
A straw basket with ornaments sitting on the near table.
A basket centerpiece.
the braying mouth of a horse.
A LARGE BROWN HORSE WITH ITS MOUTH OPEN WIDE.
The woman with  the black tank top is sitting in front of a pizza that is on the table.
A lady with black tee on a resturant.
The first bench facing forward.
the first sofa from the front.
A white car parked near some bikes.
side end of a white sedan.
A woman standing between two other standing people.
the third person from the left.
baby elephant on a log.
smallest baby elephant.
side of sheep, no head shown.
the side of a sheep to the left of two other sheep.
A green bottle next to a hot dog on a plate.
The empty green glass bottle to the right of the sausages.
A wood table with food on it.
A wooden table with plates, bowls, and ingredients for pastries.
A man standing on a surf board, riding a wave.
a surfer standing on a surf board.
A man in a red baseball cap.
A man in a red baseball cap, black leather jacket and jeans.
two pieces of pizza on the left of the empty spot.
Slice of rustic pizza next to water glass.
The chair on the left in the middle.
A green chair in the middle of green chairs.
A pale horse with its head down inside a corral fence.
The person is wearing a colorful print top.
a person with their arm on the table.
The zebra looking at the camera.
An adult zebra facing the camera with trees in the background.
a couch with a leaf pattern.
A white chair with a flowery design.
The motorcycle in front of the red one.
The motorcycle of the man wearing a red bandanna.
The very front end of a white bus that's sort of close to a large red bus.
The end of the white bus.
keyboard infront of laptop.
A standalone computer keyboard.
A man in a blue sweatshirt looking at his phone.
A man wearing sun glasses sitting in a chair with the number 78 displayed on his sweater.
A girl wearing a blue shirt.
The little girl with dark hair.
A FOOT BALL NEAR BY GOAL PLAYING WITH THREE BOYS.
Ball and players shins on playing field.
A pizza with slices taken.
pizza with a knife under it.
Man with the bear head on.
A man with no shirt on wearing a teddy bear head.
A hand holding a needle.
A hand holding something sharp.
Grey handbag sitting on the right side of woman in red.
Girl sitting at a table with a smirk on her face.
A girl sitting behind the table.
A snow covered parking meter to the left of another meter just like it.
left parking meter.
the blurry bird.
Large white horse with reins on.
an all-white horse.
Long black hair from back of head of girl looking at giraffes.
the back of a woman`s head with dark brown hair.
First of five vases.
A paint of several vases.  The vase is on the left.
Backside of a brown cow.
Table underneath the platters of pizza in front of the smiling guy with glasses.
A big pepperoni pizza in between two other pepperoni pizzas.
The middle pizza of the three pizzas.
The umbrella carried by the woman in the leather jacket.
A dark umbrella being carried by a girl in a leather jacket and black & white plaid skirt.
banana on right side.
That is one ripe banana with a lot more bananas.
The chair facing the front.
A dark wooden chair back with intricate scroll work.
A girl on a skateboard.
A girl wearing jeans and a paisley shirt.
A man wear gray jacket walking in the park.
A MAN AND A WOMAN ARE WALKING ON THE WALKWAY.
the middle elephant in the right hand picture.
The elephant in the middle.
donut with white frosting drizzle.
PINK FROSTED DOUGHNUT.
top orange.
the top most orange.
A teal motorcycle with one side view mirror.
A beat-up blue scooter.
the slice of chocolate cake.
chocolate cake with cream.
a young boy wearing a suit with a blue shirt and striped tie.
Boy in suit smilling.
The glass with the wine being poured into it.
A wine glass being filled with wine.
Orange colored spicy peppercorns lying in a white plate.
A small orange carrot wedged between two other carrots.
A woman with a flower hat handling ribs in the oven.
A blonde haired woman wearing a floral cap on her head.
white plane with solid red tail.
white plane with a solid red tail.
A tennis player bending down in right picture.
A guy wearing a white T-shirt and red shorts is playing tennis.
Woman wearing purple jacket.
skier in a blue jacket in front of three other skiers.
the bicycle that is closest to the camera.
A silver bicycle.
The girl in the white shirt near the tent.
A girl wearing a white tee shirt eats a sandwich at round table.
A black table with four tan and brown chairs around it and a glass on top.
closest round table.
The wooden chair the blonde woman on the left is sitting in.
A light brown wood chair with a blue cushion on it.
the woman wearing a white shirt.
a woman wearing white shirt reading the paper.
A woman in an army uniform with brown hair is showing something to two kids.
A woman in Camo shows two young women something.
Person in black running.
a boy was playing in black t-shirt.
A red table.
THe red table fartherest away from the windows.
wine glass barely visible on right.
Glass of wine next to the pizza on the table.
A refrigerator with things stuck to the front of it.
A refrigerator with magnets on it.
A giraffe looking to the right.
A giraffe walking away and looking off into the distance.
A woman wearing a beige top holds a white video controller.
A woman in tan with a ponytail.
Boy in red jersey looking at digital camera.
guy in red jersey with half of guy in white Tshirt.
only arm of person visible.
this is the arm of the person standing next to the bride cutting the cake.
the commode on the RIGHT.
the commode on the RIGHT.
the person whose feet are at different heights.
Person sitting with legs crossed.
An orange and white cat with its eyes partially closed.
The orange cat on the left of the picture.
A spoon covered in whipped cream pulls some of the pastry away from the rest.
spoon being used to dig into desert.
red and white umberlla.
umbrella.
A wing of a plane in front of other planes.
the wing of a gray/blue airplane.
DETAILS BOARD.
A small black plaque describing several items once belonging to Alan Turing.
the barrel under the lower apples.
the lower apple barell.
a dark red Ford van.
A red van with half the rear window visible.
A duck with a reddish-brown head that is just touching the water surface.
orange faced bird flaps around in the pond.
A travel bag on the left side bed.
A black duffle bag sitting on a bed.
A black case.
Closed grey suitcase.
darker baseball bat.
Two hands holding a purple bat.
A black handled bristle brush.
The blue handled toothbruch with the logo on it.
A scallops sandwich on a roll sits on a plate to the right.
A yellow and blue train.
Blue and yellow train.
A man with dark hair and a mustache and beard.
The brown haired man with a striped shirt and a green pillow on his lap.
a van.
a silver van with no windows.
A tabletop with food and drinks in front of a sitting woman.
TABLE IN THE DRINK.
The brown backless stool in the bottom right of the picture.
Brown bar stool.
A long brown couch in the background with a tan and white pillow.
A brown couch with white and brown pillows.
A man in white pants.
A person next to a kid blowing candles out.
The broccoli piece to the right of all other broccoli pieces.
a brown couch in a living room.
chair.
A man in a decorated button down black shirt making a strange face at the camera.
A man making a funny face.
The umpire standing behind the catcher.
Empire waiting to make a call on a pitch.
Grey parked car.
Grey car to the left, that is barely in the photo.
A dog lying on it's back.
A child eating a hot dog.
It is a young blond haired boy with a red t-shirt and red cap eating a hotdog.
A teddy bear in a yellow shirt with an orange pumpkin basket.
A black bear with a candy bowl.
Sandwich with a sesame seed bun.
a burger was on a plate.
A woman in a bikini.
A woman in a blue and red bikini.
Woman with bushy hair.
woman with fuzzy hair.
skate boarded in white tee shirt and red beenie.
a man in a white shirt to the left of another man in a white shirt.
the edge of a person in a white shirt with blonde hair.
woman and van window.
Girl wearing a striped shirt.
a girl in a striped shirt making pizza.
the person playing the wii.
the person playing the wii.
The light brown color horse running first among the two.
There is brown colored horse along with black colored horse.
red laptop.
RED COLOR LAPTOP OPENED CONDITION.
A WHITE COLOR TSHIRT WEARING MAN PLAYING SKATING IN THE ROAD.
guy riding skateboard in a white shirt.
a men's urinal facing a sink.
A white urinal that is facing the sink.
A baseball player, in a white and blue uniform with the number 27 and the name Kemp on the back of the shirt, who is swinging a bat towards a baseball.
batter.
An awkwardly eaten oyster pizza.
An already bitten slice of pizza.
The orange that is faced down.
the orange that is not yet cut.
the third woman from the left.
Woman in purple hat holding snowboard.
A black colour laptop behind 3 laptops.
A laptop behind three other laptops.
A man in a grey shirt with black and white stripes seated at a table.
A man in a striped shirt.
The right most oven and stove top.
oven next to yellow container.
A lady in a black jacket holding an umbrellla.
An elderly woman in a black jacket wearing a purse, holding a leopard print umbrella.
black leather ottoman where one person is sitting.
The large ottoman the man is sitting on.
A young man in khaki shorts and short sleeve blue shirt sporting black sneakers, white socks, and dark short hair.
a man is playing disc throw.
A boy sitting on a chair.
The boy in the brown vest.
child and parent.
A mummy carrying her kid and showing the sheep.
Brown object next to the boat.
The wooden part of the boat where the woman with the blue shirt is touching.
A woman crossing her hands and wearing a red and white sweater.
a person wearing black cloths standing near food counter.
A brown table where the meal on a plate, silverware and place mat are on.
table.
a black and white teddy bear wearing a black cloak.
A teddy bear wearing a gown with a pen and a graduation cap.
black and white plaid unbrella being carried by woman with blue backpack.
The umbrella with the black and white checkered pattern.
SUNGLASS WEAR WOMAN BITE SOMETHING.
The woman wearing the tortoise shell glasses.
A man in a white shirt playing tennis.
the caucasian man in a white shirt.
a woman standing up wearing jeans.
A man wearing a white shirt and gray pants and striped hat holding two baseball bats.
A man in a white long sleeved shirt holds two baseball bats.
zebra on right.
A zebra's body, you cannot see this zebra's head.
Black oxen pulling a plow from a farmer.
black ox on left side of yoke.
Two Fischer brand skiis being used.
A pair of yellow skis.
A woman holding a glass of orange juice and smiling at the camera with her hand on her hip.
A lady in black over coat holding a glass of juice and posing.
The chair next to the boy wearing green.
Black chair pushed up against the table.
A stadium chair with a can of beer.
an arm of a folding chair with a beer in it.
Two brown bears playing or fighting with each other in a body of water.
A bear getting bit.
A beat-up grey pick-up truck with multi-colored items in the truck bed.
A BACK OPENED CAR IS DRIVING BY A MAN WHO WEARS WHITE HAT.
A husband celebrating his wife's birthday.
Man with gray beard in patterned sweater sitting at table with chocolate birthday cake.
the green apple on the left.
A green apple under 2 limes and an orange in a wire bowl.
White urinal with black cover on the outside of a building.
an old toilet with a black seat.
a knife in the table.
KNIFE BLACK HANDLE NEAR BY THE CAKE.
A person in a white shirt who has just swung a bat.
a man hitting the ball with his baseball bat, in the training.
A grey sofa chair.
A sofa with a pillow.
The person in a white shirt who is watching the other person fly the kites.
A guy in white standing next to someone flying a kite.
The floral arrangement closest to the man.
flower vase on table.
A young boy in a grey sweatshirt picks an object off a store shelf.
A boy reaching for a toy on a store shelf.
The 3 left most apple slices.
the horse behind the other one.
Brown horse walking with its head up.
The woman holding the remote with both hands.
Woman in red/black shirt holding a video game controller.
A white cat looking at another cat by a window.
a white cat.
A man's water skis.
Skis attached to lower skier.
A small broccoli floret that is behind and touching the meat.
The pizza to the right of two glasses.
The man on the right in the gray sweater.
a man in a grey sweater with a wii controller.
A round wooden table with plates of food on it.
A round eating table in the restaurant.
Fried broccoli on the right top corner next to yellow squash.
The green vegetables in the corner.
The legs and lower body of the woman with the cat sitting on her.
The woman's jeans.
A man with a receding hairline in a patterned button up shirt smiles, standing behind another man.
a man wearing checked shirt.
A woman in a red shirt and floral pants with a white headscarf, leaning over a pot.
A woman wearing a red shirt and navy floral skirt with a white rag on her head.
White couch, right side of picture.
A beige couch in the living room.
a bowl next to plate on the table.
A grey bowl in front of a television with a plate directly in front of it.
two suitcases standing up.
BLACK SUITCASE.
smaller cup of noodles in the middle.
A rice side dish with ring of green onions on top.
A woman in a black jacket.
The girl facing the camera.
A cow standing horizontally behind two other cows.
The cow not facing the camera.
a woman holding a baby.
A woman holding a child in an kitchen.
A woman in a skirt and suit jacket shaking hands.
AN AMERICAN LADY SHAKING HAND WITH A INDIAN MAN.
The entire cluster of bananas.
A bunch of bananas inside a blue bag.
A grey backpack attached to an unseen person.
A cream colored backpack.
person in the background with tall white boots.
Woman standing in the background wearing boots.
woman in green sweater standing.
a woman in a green sweater.
A horse to the right of another horse.
Horse with its mouth open.
Blue skis held by person in red jacket's hand.
blue cross country skis.
A green and white metro train.
A white and green commuter train in the background.
A woman watching another woman wii.
a woman standing with her hands on her hips.
A blue and white umbrella in the rain.
An open blue and white umbrella.
A girl wearing headphones using a computer.
A woman with headphones on.
a woman's yellow tie with red stripes.
Orange and red striped tie.
A giraffe leaning down to eat.
A giraffe drinking water.
A blue phone.
phone.
WHITE VAN IB RIGHT.
Back of a white van.
front elephant in the right hand picture.
the front elephant in the right hand picture.
woman swinging tennis racket right side.
The woman to the right of the other woman.
Girl in a dark shirt playing a video game with her friend.
The woman in the grey shirt on the side of the pink character.
Love seat with people on it on top of elephant.
A wood bench on top of an elephant with two people sitting on it.
A woman posing next to a man brushing his teeth.
A girl in black in a bathroom.
Person in white jacket that is zipped up and is wearing jeans.
The person wearing a gray jacket behind the person cutting the cake.
A yellow vase with a flower on it.
The yellow vase with a flower on the front.
Broccoli stems that are partially hanging off the plate.
A black and red keyboard of a laptop.
The black keyboard of a laptop computer.
A bowl of soup with a brown piece of bread floating in it.
yellow soup.
A woman with bright orange hair and a white outfit from Fifth Element.
An Asian woman with orange hair, and revealing white cosplay.
glass if wine on the riht.
a wine glass to the right of another wine glass.
the leg of the man on the table.
A persons foot up and relaxed on a table.
The woman holding the buckle of a dog.
Woman in a grey bucket hat walking a dog.
A baseball player swinging at a ball.
The man with the bat.
the uncut portion of the pizza.
Uncut portion of a large pizza.
A zebra to the left of another zebra.
The zebra on the left.
boy with orange shorts stand on beach hold a surf board.
The person in the orange shorts.
The big blue exercise ball.
A blue ball under a green table.
Bear walking away from camera.
Bear not facing camera.
A white bowl full of chopped broccoli.
The woman on the couch is drinking a glass of wine.
A woman laying down on the sofa and talking with two persons.
a boat is parking between a two boats.
White boat docked between two other white boats.
A man in brown holding something up to his ear.
the man on the far right.
A woman swimming next to a blue and white surfboard.
A lady face planting into a wave from falling off her surfboard.
A small elephant behind a larger elephant.
A baby elephant with some hay.
the man wearing a blue suit on skies.
skier in blue jacket.
A wooden sep behind the girl in a purple shirt.
A step behind the girl on which polythene bag is kept.
A man wearing a yellow and white hat and holding a Frisbee.
A man wearing a yellow hat and black shorts.
The grey truck on the side of the oranage truck.
The weathered, gray, antique truck.
The bed with the blue pajamas on it.
The blue shirt with the monkey.
a bunch of carrots.
Two thick carrot slices seen near broccoli pieces.
the dark brown couch.
a futon with a wooden frame and a brown cushion.
The arm and leg of a person wearing a white shirt.
The arm and leg of a person off-camera.
A man with a multicolored shirt and brown boots is sitting on the ground with something white behind him.
A man with two other men in the back of a truck with hiking gear.
The girl standing to the left in the picture.
A woman in a black shirt in the background.
A big plane flying betweeen two small plane.
A giraffe with its neck stretched to eat leaves standing behind a brick barrier.
The giraffe is reaching over the wall and eating on the tree.
the man in black holding the glass.
man smiling with facial hair.
The head of a horse beside the black, white and red horse in front of the vehicle.
a brown and white horse behind another horse.
A grey open suitcase.
Open gray suitcase with red interior.
A red bag to the right of another red bag.
Luggage that is rust in color, with the handle raised. that is not beside the black bag.
A couch in the livingroom.
A sofa on which three men are sitting.
zebra in front with face pointed right.
zebra in front and closest to glass wall.
The man that is in black and has dark hair, with his arms spread.
a man in a black wet suit is surfing with a woman on an ocean.
the elephant in the back.
The closest motorcycle.
The closest Dallas Police motorcycle to the camera person.
A large green umbrella closest to the beach water.
a green umbrella with its pole stuck in the sand.
a person wearing an orange shirt.
The boy wearing the red shirt and khaki shorts.
man in orange t-shirt.
dog on the right.
A golden retriever holding a pink frisbee, that is being tugged at by a second dog.
A stool without anybody on it.
the empty black chair in the front.
the red phone.
The phone.
A train being deboarded.
a yello and red train with people borading and unboarding.
a young man rides a skateboard.
A man wearing a hat, no shirt and jeans riding a skateboard in the street.
The sandwich that has not been sliced.
WHOLE SANDWICH ON PLATE.
A white table with food on it next to a woman in a brown and blue bathing suit top.
A table with many plates of food on it.
A woman with purple hair.
A person with purple hair.
A black metal chair next to the couh.
Black chair made of metal.
The left sandwich.
One half of a sandwich to the left of its other half.
A young, small brown dog sitting on pebbles with his mouth open.
A brown puppy.
A man in a grey suit walks with a woman in the rain.
The groom in the grey suit and blue tie.
A yellow bus is parked to the far left and is partally obscured by a tree.
The bus hidden by tree branches.
A big elephant's body with a portion of a baby elephant's head is within the square.
A bigger elephant and the head of a much smaller elephant right behind.
The carrot to the left of the broccol.
a carrot going across the others.
A soccer player wearing a white shirt and black pants.
Man in black and orange shorts.
Man jumping on skis.
The skier in the yellow jacket.
Surfboard in the water being used by a person.
surfboard with colors white, brown, yellow, and orange.
The truck in the middle.
the pickup truck in the middle.
Largest knife.
black handled knife.
The baby bib is fish printed.
A tan couch.
A tan sofa.
A balck and white zebra behind its mother grazing.
a young zebra.
the shorter of the two giraffes.
The shorter giraffe facing left.
Clean white urinal to the right of an identical urinal.
A urinal on a wall at the far right.
A red chair with four remotes laying on the armrest.
A brown couch with remotes on the arm.
the elephant in the background.
The elephant you can only see part of.
man on right.
A man in a plaid shirt cleaning a rag.
A metal bowl full of fried food next to a plastic bowl with green food.
Spicy curry in a plate.
the barstool inder the couter towards the left.
the closest bar seat.
The man in the red jacket with a blue bag.
man wearing red jacket.
a part of a blue and white bowl that is being used as a sink.
The bowl of the sink that is only partially visible.
A person in a black shirt sitting with their back to the table.
The person in the black sweatshirt.
Cauliflower on the right side of the bowl.
The big piece of cauliflower on the right.
A black strap on a white shirt.
the second cow from the front.
a small cow which stay behind the big cow.
A child sleeping in bed.
A child who is sleeping near his father.
A giraffe facing to the right.
A brown and white spotted baby giraffe walking.
A very cheesy pizza with spinach on it.
Orange and white pizza with no other toppings on a plate.
A man with brown hair in a white striped button down equipped with a Wiimote and nunchaku.
Man in black pants and striped white shirt playing a video game.
A man in a blue shirt and khakis.
A person in a light blue shirt.
A man on a skateboard.
man skating in board.
Man with both arms high above his head.
yorkshire dog standing to hold onto other dog.
dog in white and red jacket.
A giraffe smelling another giraffe,.
giraffe in between two other giraffes with its head bowed.
A tan padded ottoman in a living room.
A dark blue tent canopy.
dark blue tent.
Stem of glsas with pickle on the base.
The wine glass to the left of the green bottle.
A dark brown horse on a purple rope.
A black horse with a purple bridle.
A glass of white wine.
A glass of wine next to a box of cheese.
Man doing a skateboard trick.
The active skateboarder.
A black kitten sitting on the edge of the bathtub.
black cat sitting on the edge of a bath tub.
The yellow truck that is pictured from it's side.
A yellow toy truck on a stone floor.
umpire.
Umpire standing behind catcher.
A light blue quicksilver backpack with a stuffed tiger hanging out of the top.
The blue backpack with Tigger on top of it.
sub sandwhich on a metal plate ready to be eaten.
A half of a sandwich closer to a box of donuts.
All the carrots.
The carrots shown.
Wash basin.
A white sink bowl with a silver faucet sitting on top a marble counter.
A recently used long knife that someone just finished cutting some red turnips with.
a knife on the left side of the cutting board.
a dirty, black metal pole rises from the ground.
A metal pipe with a fire hydrant on top.
A man looking at a cell phone shown by a woman.
A man in a dark blue sweater.
A man with blue full sleeves and hand inside pocket.
man in blue coat.
a white car of the cross walk.
A white car sitting at an intersection.
A blue and black blanket having floral design kept behind a man eating.
the bottom corner of the bed next to the wall.
the lady's horse that has lighter color with black mane.
A light brown horse carrying a female.
A piece of  food in between to pieces of pizza.
A slice of pizza sandwiched between two other slices.
There is an elephant standing first from right side.
The left half of the pile of carrots.
A woman in a striped shirt feeding a baby.
A woman is brushing a baby's teeth.
Area under motorcycle.
Grey car with front facing the camera.
A silver car behind the fireman.
A sesame seed bun sandwich on wax paper, on a red tray.
The sandwich that is on white paper on a red tray.
A short pair of silver scissors.
A pair of silver sizers.
A green, white, and brown, upholstered love seat.
A stripped sofa on a cream hardwood floor.
chair facing the ocean, positioned on left side.
black chair next to bike.
A black jacket draped over a desk chair.
black coat.
A man is skiing  on a hill.
A skier in a yellow and brown jacket with a helmet.
an unoccupied wooden bench by a body of water.
The full bench behind the woman.
The giraffe lower than all the others.
A giraffe between two other giraffes.
little girl in red shirt drinking.
girl sitting at the table having a dring.
A black tennis racket being held by a woman in a pink shirt.
tennis racket being held by woman in pink.
A person with their hand on their hip.
Large brown stuffed bear with white face and party hat.
A brown plush animal with a white muzzle wearing a party hat.
blue colour scooter handle with orange colour headlights.
White and blue scooter with single headlight on the front and white metal basket.
Horse being ridden by person in purple.
Brown horse with a black mane.
A white toilet with a black seat.
The toilet.
Forward facing brown and white sheep to the left of the larger white sheep.
The goat all the way left is smaller.
A bunch or oranges in the store.
A dinner table.
A boy with a snowboard.
a middle age women lying with swimming costimue.
the women taking rest under the umbrella near a black bag.
The bottom horizontal suitcase.
a blue case with other cases on top of it.
Large griaffe.
A large giraffe with two smaller giraffes.
The zebra standing farthest back, facing forward.
zebra facing camera furthest away.
A brown wooden stool with a rectangular seat sitting on a tan hardwood floor.
The stool closest to the camera.
The pillows just in front of the mirror frame.
TWO WHITE COLOURED PILLOWS ON THE COT.
chair in background furthest away.
An empty chair in the background facing us.
An elephant standing in between two other elephants leaning against him.
An elephant in the middle with two elephant's front feet on it.
A girls hand on a mouse.
A carpet containing the laptop with a mouse and hand on it.
Wooden design to left of bears.
A man riding in front on a motorcycle.
The man at the front of the bike.
man in black jacket getting a drink.
The man in the black sweatshirt.
a women.
A blonde woman wearing a blue and red tie dye shirt.
A black horse taken by a horse rider in the race yard.
A racehorse being led and wearing a cover that says sportingbet.
A hidden second half burger on the plate.
Hidden half of the sandwich.
A person in a white hat and red shirt next to a large animal.
a man with a white cap and brown shirt standing next to an elephant.
A man wearing a hat.
A man with red hair wearing a blue hat and holding a cellphone.
The skis on the man in the middle.
The skis in the middle.
A grey and black dog to the right of another dog.
A dog laying to the right of another dog that is laying on a bed.
truck behind dumpster.
a green SUV parked behind a dumpster.
The first woman's image.
Black cell phone with white rim, held vertically.
A cameraphone taking a portrait-style photo.
The back of a police car parked on the street.
police car.
A man in a grey shirt with black striped on the sleeves.
The man in the long white-sleeved shirt.
Dark green lettuce.
Dark lettuce beside brocolli.
The cow who's flank can only be seen.
The cow with only partcial body showing no head visible.
The racquet on the far right held up by the shortest person.
A tennis racket being held by the girl on the righr.
A man's hands being clasped together.
A child's hand holded by an adult hand.
A man wearing a white helmet and a yellow safety vest is riding a motorcycle.
A man in a yellow vest on a yellow motorcycle.
A floral bedsheet.
A flowery table bed sheet on top of chairs to make a canopy for a floor bed.
Pitcher throwing a hit.
A baseball player throwing a ball.
The donut with the white frosting.
The third donut from the top.
A plant behind a man not wearing a hat.
the green plant on the left.
the second large red briefcase on the left in the right hand picture.
A medium sized suitcase in between a smaller piece of luggage and a larger one.
A grey minivan driving in the opposite direction of a red bus.
A white van driving next to a double decker bus.
Food truck with two customers waiting and looking at the menu.
An ice cream truck in a parking lot.
a big elaphant with something aroudn his neck.
An elephant with a chain around its neck.
the triangle of sandwich in the front.
Racket held in the air.
A white tennis racket.
a large giraffe at the zo.
The larger giraffe.
man with beard standing playing nintendo wii.
A bearded man in a plaid shirt playing the Wii.
A GIRL IN A BLUE SHIRT STRETCHING BEFORE THE GAME.
A woman with a ponytail bending over with her hand on the ground.
sugar covered doughnut on the right side of the sign.
The round donut by itself (not in a pair) next to the sign.
a light brown cicular table.
A person in a white shirt holding a camera.
A person taking a photo of a woman in the mirror.
The elephant who's right eye is visible.
The gray elephant that we see the entire side of.
a man waiting to snowboard.
A guy with a red and black cap with skis on his back.
a laptop.
Secondary laptop.
A black refrigerator beside a stainless steel one.
The black fridge to the right.
A guy in camouflage parka posing on a ski lift.
A man with a red scarf and a tan, red and gray patterned coat.
A pink color bag with a description take charge.
A pink small bag having label take charge lying with other cosmetics.
A couple cutting their wedding cake.
A man hugs his bride as they cut a wedding cake together.
The white table in the center of the room.
a fancy modern  table.
the man sitting with his back to the camera.
A man on the sofa of a living room and watching the television.
The red chair.
a red arm folding chair.
Left side of parking meter in front of passenger side of truck.
Meter in the left of the other.
a man in a striped shirt holding a racket.
A man holding a racket.
A man with sunglasses, standing under a stop sign.
man wearing sunglasses.
A woman's wine glass.
glass held by woman in pola dots.
Clear bottle on table.
The clear bottle in front of the green bottl.e.
A red chair facing away from a boy.
An empty blue and yellow bus.
Blue and yellow bus.
cake.
The white cake with slices being cut into it.
the shirtless man catching a frisbee.
A man catching a frisbee.
a motorcycle driven by a man wearing a suit.
A black motorcycle.
A small child in a white shirt holding a computer mouse.
A boy holding an illuminated mouse in front of the computer.
The gouy in a short sleeve shirt.
a man in a purple shirt.
the train on the far left next to the people.
Several train cars with a man standing very near them.
blue plastic bowl with wooden spoon.
A blue bowl.
giraffes rear end behind other giraffe.
A standing giraffee.
the bananas on the left.
the woman wearing black t-shirt.
The person with the longest hair.
A pair of brown and white shoes.
grey shoes on a bench.
Man with beard and glasses, wearing a navy blue hooded sweatshirt.
A person wearing blue sweater and wearing glasses.
The van directly behind the horse.
A white van parked on the left side.
A giraffe you can see majority of.
A giraffe kept its head on the wood fence, which a kid starring at.
White car pack in  front of fire hydrant.
A white passenger car parked near a red fire hydrant.
The skis of the man wearing a blue and red shirt.
Bed to left holding target bags.
The headboard to the bed on the left.
The girl standing behind the boy.
A woman in a white shirt and blue tank top behind a man in a white shirt.
The two sheep to the right of the picture.
Sheep in front of second sheep.
white chair that is furthest on the table.
A brown wicker chair.
A bent over baseball player in a white uniform.
African American baseball player with his arms on his knees.
a sheep with blood on her back nurses a lamb.
A large white sheep is standing in field with small sheep.
A black cat seeing mirror in a washbasin.
A black cat in a sink near a wall.
player in blue, mostly concealed.
the goalie in the blue shirt.
An animated man in a black formal suit and white shirt with gold tie.
drawing of man in tuxedo.
child.
A young boy in blue pants and a blue shirt throwing a baseball to a grown man.
The young guy with the hat and book.
A male reading a book in a red hat.
A bottle of water on a small table.
A water bottle.
the man wearing dark pants.
tall man in white shirt and black pants.
light colored duffel bag with dark mesh.
A dog bag.
A blue fighter jet on the right side of the middle silver jet.
A blue aeroplane is parked on a tarmac next to a silver jet.
A white trailer that is sitting next to the car.
A bidet next to a toilet.
a bidet beside a toilet.
the second from the bottom in a stack of bowls.
2nd plate from the bottom in the right hand picture.
The only zebra that is acctualy facing this way.
The zebra facing the camera.
A white bird with a black tipped tail that is looking away from another bird.
A bird standing sideways.
a calzone.
A tasty calzone.
a man wearing all blue.
A man wear a white hat and a blue jacket.
A black and white animal laying down.
black and white animal left side.
A sleeping infant with blond hair wearing a red shirt that has white stripes.
sleeping baby.
partial view of a car's right hood.
An adult Asian elephant.
A large elephant with a man riding on it.
A man wearing a back pack pulling a rolling luggage.
a man wear a black backpack and dragging a black suitcase.
the cup of water next to the cup of coffee.
The clear glass.
A couple sitting on a dock bench watching the water.
A couple sitting with the man in the white cap putting his arms around his wife on a green bench overlooking the water.
baseball player in catcher's gear.
the umpire with the blue ca.
A woman doing acrobatics on a street corner.
a girl doing pole tricks.
A woman sitting in front of a laptop.
the woman with glasses.
an orange between a green leaf and another orange.
the orange on the right side.
black suitcase on sidewalk.
A blue suit case with an extendable handle.
Man riding a white horse.
Young cowboy in long, dark coat riding gray horse.
A purple teddy bear.
The pruple bear next to the baby.
A skateboarder headed down a ramp with the sky in the background.
person on the skateboard.
a baby zebra walking in front of another zebra.
Young zebra walking.
the giraffe in the left.
Giraff standing left side among the two.
The stations emblem.
the k5 symbol and chair in the right hand picture.
A brownie topped with white icing and chocolate chips.
the only desert touching the spoon.
A person with yellow boots.
Skier wearing a bright purple and yellow-green suit along with a fuzzy wig.
man with white jersey in the right side of the image.
A baseball player with Fighters on the jersey sliding into base.
A boy in grey sweats and a white tshirt jumps to catch the frisbee.
a person in a grey and black t-shirt and jeans.
White laptop sitting on the coffee table.
a white laptop.
A black moped in line with two red mopeds.
Black moped off the side.
Tall glass with pie.
A glass filled with a brown drink.
giraffe to the far left.
A giraffe to the left of two other giraffes.
Donut bottom left.
donut with the least sprinkles.
A lady on the far left wearing a dress with a tree on it.
Man holding up a pink glass wearing a yellow shirt.
Pancakes with banana, powdered sugar, strawberries and blueberries on a white plate.
a boy seeing and standing.
BOY IN ORANGE SHIRT.
a skating slidder with a man on it.
A skateboard a man in a black t-shirt and jeans is riding.
A tennis instructor and a young child.
woman wearing red vest.
The tallest bird on the tree.
Three birds on a tree.
an umpire squatted behind a catcher.
umpire.
A person standing.
A person on the phone standing by a desk.
A soccer player in red.
The boy in the red and white unifrm.
the second sheep from the front.
head cushion behind the man on the right.
Grey chair behind man with beer bottle.
A person in a crimson winter coat standing on a pair of skis.
The person in the darker red sweatshirt.
The boy in the picture drinking from a IHOP cup.
young man talking on a cell phone, holding an IHOP mug.
The woman with the blue strap on er shoulder who is mostly unseen.
A woman in a dark sleeveless shirt standing in front of a bowl of doughnuts.
A male in a blue shirt.
man wearing blue jacket with jeans holding a phone stands next to pastries.
A MAN IS STANDING WEARING A BLUE TIE.
The tallest man with no.350 on his blue tie.
The man holding up the child wearing a red sweatshirt.
A person who is helping a child ride a snowboard.
Large giraffe standing in tall green grass beside a smaller giraffe.
a very large giraffe reaching up to get leaves off the top of a tree.
A box of mushrooms.
a small blue container.
an oven rack of sausage and tomatoes.
halved tomatoes and sausages being grilled on a tray.
a man flying a kite.
A man wearing sunglasses holding a kite.
A piece of a carrot cake on top of a wooden plate.
The layer cake with white frosting.
A giraffe looking forward as he sits down.
The on the right that is sitting down.
A woman laying on a chair being pictured from behind.
a woman.
A yellow suitcase.
The yellow suitcase on the ground.
A black and yellow jeep standing in front.
The front black and yellow vehicle.
The grey piece of luggage.
a bowl of chinese soup.
Bowl of broth right side of bowl of rice.
a man can ready to throw the ball.
An infielder, likely 1st baseman, out of focus from the view of home plate.
Girl laying on the ground.
A woman in a tank top is lying on the grass next to the other woman in front of a laptop.
Person holding black hair dryer.
The woman who is holding the blow dryer.
Setup a camp at the river side.
An umbrella canopy.
The zebra on the far left facing the camera.
Zebra looking forward.
a baby holding a phone.
The baby holding the cell phone.
A woman in the background with glasses and a book.
an older lady reading a book by a window.
A black woman looking at her smartphone.
A woman who is leaning on the counter looking at her phone.
a car in the street.
A red car.
guy in a green tshirt playing frisbee with his friend.
A man who is holding a white Frisbee.
A hummingbird in flight with a green neck and head.
the bird that has green on it.
A wooden toy bed with a bear on it.
The wooden bed the bear is lying in .
A plain cheese pizza pie.
A large cheese pizza with one piece missing already.
A military person next to an older military person.
A man in a military uniform sitting with his ankles crossed.
The man furthest to the left.
A tall man in glasses to the left of two other men.
A small blue vase.
The blue vase to the right of the green vase.
A horse that has the taller lady on.
A wooden arm chair with olive green cushions.
A living room chair with wooden sides and tan upholstery seat and back.
the keyboard being typed on.
a laptop keyborad.
The meat with the spoon in it.
A bowl of soup with a spoon in it, sitting next to a plate of food.
A yellow crosswalk box positioned to another crosswalk box to the right on a pole.
The crosswalk sign on the left.
A young woman leads a white horse by the reins while a car drives by.
The girl with the pony tail holding the horses reighn in both hands.
A purse/bag a woman wearing a brown shirt has on her shoulder.
A black bag being held by a woman in a brown shirt.
A toilet.
A toilet with the seat up is on the right side of a unisex bathroom.
a male playing wii with stars above his head.
Man in purple shirt playing Wii.
The taller of the two giraffes.
A giraffe with his head up in the air standing next to another giraffe.
Black and white cow on the right from the man.
A black and white cow.
a cup of coffee next to some orange juice.
cup of coffee.
A propeller plane with a yellow stripe on a wing and a red and white circle on the body.
Black fighter jet with red logo on its side.
chair man with ponytail is sitting in.
chair that man in ponytail is sitting on.
the black and silver motorcycle on the left.
An all black motorcycle.
the man waring a gray shirt and eating.
Man wearing ash color shirt and spectacles.
A red and white air plane with the number 8 on the tail.
A plane flying in the sky number 8 at the back.
A giraffe to the right of two other giraffes.
A man in a brown coat and blue check scarf eating a hotdog with all the fixings.
The man eating.
The woman holding the child.
Woman holding baby from knees up.
A young man attempting to tie a yellow polka-dotted tie with a wrist watch and glasses.
A man with a pink shirt and yellow tie smiling.
a woman having drink with cream colour dress.
the umbrella above the man in the black hat.
a person eating a hotdog.
A young man, eating a hot dog.
A black computer monitor in between a laptop and another computer monitor.
A monitor between two other monitors.
The coudh next to the wood stove.
couch next to table with lamp.
A skateboarder mid-air.
A skateboarder jumping in midair.
The small pizza that is in focus.
E44507 train.
2nd train from left.
A woman in a blue shirt sitting on a sofa.
A lady in a blue dress sitting cross legged.
A laptop computer sitting on top of a desk.
Silver apple laptop charging.
A woman that is walking the white horse.
A lady wearing a jean inserting a hand into her pocket is walking with a horse.
The black and silver stool a young boy is sitting upon.
A stool that a boy is currently sitting on.
The horse facing to the right.
Dark brown horse on the right tied up.
Boat being ridden in by woman in yellow hat.
red boat.
A table containing many plates of food.
The table and food in front of the woman.
The sandwich half that looks the neatest.
the half on the left.
bus number 122.
A yellow school bus with the number 122 on the side.
Car to the right of the guy wearing the black hat that has light reflecting off it.
A blurry car with bright yellow reflections on it.
The wooden bench on the left-hand side.
A wooden bench facing the ocean.
A salvation army official standing next to a young girl and another official.
A man in a Salvation Army uniform, standing next to the left arm of the girl.
A grain salad in a yellow rectangular dish.
Yellow casserole dish containing food and a spoon.
A man in a white shirt with glasses holding a tennis racket.
A man with glasses holding a tennis racket.
A man with a white cap playing tennis.
a middle aged man playing tennis.
A yellow round patty of food.
Giraffe with neck up facing to the left.
Black shoulder bag behind a woman's brown purse.
the black leather backpack in the background.
The backs of two chairs with a persons pants and feet standing behind them.
The chair that the man's hand is resting on.
A smiling young man in a suit wearing a large black hat.
A young man.
a zig zag color chair that is opposite a green one.
One of the three couches in the library, partially taken in the photo.
The light brown horse with a whitish mane.
The brown horse closest to the camera.
A smiling woman who is holding an umbrella.
The woman under the umbrella.
A MacBook Pro box.
The MacBook Pro box.
A large couch with a table in front of it.
Tan leather couch with laptop on coffee table.
The second motorcycle, with the back tire almost touching the panel wall.
A display bike inside the indentation of the wall, second from the camera.
An empty wooden chair to the side of a child.
The top of a wooden chair behind a teddy bear.
A woman with one arm crossed across her breasts.
Woman with anchor tattoo and fish net stockings.
a man in a white shirt on a surf board.
The man surfing with his hands out on the left side of the image.
Man walking with horse.
A man walking with a horse.
gym bag.
the blue bag with red trim on the bed towards the left.
An old man in glasses makes a funny face.
An old man with glasses wearing a gray t-shirt and suspenders.
traffic signal machine.
the 3 lights in the right hand picture.
bananas on top of a cake.
A caramel doused banana on a chocolate cake.
HANDS WITH A FORK IN BACKGROUND.
a person in a blue sweatshirt eating pizza with a fork.
The first snowboard from the right.
A snowboard held by a girl ready to shred some back country.
Bag of the man in the gray coat.
a black messenger bag.
A bottle of wine with a red marking on its neck.
A bottle of drink on a table.
The table behind the coffee cup.
wooden dinning table with food.
The cover of time magezine.
Time magazine on table.
Couple in formal attire.
A young man wearing a suit and has a nice smile.
A long dark brown table with a laptop on top of it.
A man in black swimming in the sea.
man holding surfboard.
Man wearing a black t-shirt.
person and beer at a table.
the suitcase on the right.
A piece of luggage to the right of the elephant.
A man in red shirt and brown cap.
Man in red shirt and black cap.
woman weared white coloured dress is playing tennis.
tennis player bottom left side.
black cat sitting to the right of the cat on the laptop.
A cat who's tail is full visible.
the man with khaki shorts who is sitting.
A man in a blue shirt.
A skier in a green outfit.
Someone in a green ski waiting to ski.
an apple seen in full.
Apple to the right of the book.
Person in red shirt.
The man in red with the black computer.
white couch.
The white couch.
a grey train with a black locomotive.
Black and grey train coming down the track.
The back of a brown table that is holding fresh produce.
A tan wood table beneath a display of produce.
a player wearing white shirt playing on a ground.
a pitcher bending over with his leg behind him.
the hand and blue sleeve in the 2nd or right picture but only in the right hand picture.
child arm in second photo.
A gray dog sitting on a rug.
The dog not on a dog bed.
A woman in a skirt sitting at a table.
A dark chair to the left of another chair.
A laptop sitting on top of a stack of books.
the laptop that is being used.
A man wearing blue jeans rub puppies.
hand on top of puppy.
The man with glasses that is talking on the phone.
A man wearing glasses talking on a flip phone with an antennae.
The sandwich half on the left.
The left half of the sandwich.
The front part of a semi truck with the word Derrick on the front.
A blue and white truck.
front most giraffe in picture.
The foremost giraffe on the right.
Blue leather airplane seat to the left of the man with yellow shirt.
An umbrella being held in the kids right hand.
The umbrella the person is holding over their shoulder.
the racket of the man with grey hair.
The carrot farthest way from the cat.
Two carrots in the foreground of the picture, closest to the camera.
The personal pizza with sausage.
A pizza on the round table.
Two pieces of bread with dark jelly on them.
a gray cat turned away from the camera.
a dark colored cat.
A yellow leather purse.
The soulder bag of a woman who is wearing spectacles.
the woman in the grey sweater looking at a laptop.
A omwna in a bulky grey cowl neck sweater.
A man with a guy jacket riding a motorcycle with woman on the back.
A man driving a motorcycle.
A white car parked behind a group of people eating and drinking at a table.
There silver colored car back of group of people.
Catcher to left of statue.
catcher in black and white background of display.
A solid black cow next to the barbed wire.
The solid black animal.
Girl with green jacket.
The girl exiting the bus in green jacket.
A white pickup truck labeled Lincoln Airport Police.
a white and black pick up truck.
Red truck.
The red truck parked at the curb.
A tasty pizza on the table is present in the image.
A pizza on a black tray being served at a restaurant.
man in tank top.
a man wearing a striped tank top who is holding a kid on his lap.
Potatoes in the bowl.
A SILVER BOWL WITH CUT UP WHITE POTATOES.
A person in a white shirt and cargo shorts.
PERSON WITH BRACLET ON.
The portion of the bench under the sleeping man.
The bottom of the chain linked fence under the bench on the left.
A woman on a train in a straw hat.
A woman wearing a cowboy hat.
A person in a polo shirt.
man on the left.
A Sky Chefs truck behind all the others.
The sky chefs van on the right.
A gray seagull spreads it's wings and flies over the rocks.
a bird flying.
A woman drinking while playing an outdoor game.
A woman in a white skirt.
the back of a mans head.
A person with a brown jacket on.
horse with white and black color running behind the cow.
A horse that is mostly white compared to the other horse, chasing a young bull.
Guy wearing dark clothes who is not touching the disc.
The frisbee player with a navy shirt and yellow stripes and red shoes.
A man wearing a brown coat checking his reflection.
The man is looking at himself in the reflection of the bus.
Baby giraffe to the right of its mother.
Giraffe to the right of two other giraffes.
The zebra to the right of the other zebra.
zibera in the zoe.
A zebra to the right of a group of zebras.
Zebras standing in a field.
This is a white table containing assorted cookware.
A table full of kitchen utensils.
white shirt and blue shorts on person not seen.
Man with blue shorts and white t-shirt, arm crossed at 90 degrees.
a blue truck parked in front of a passenger jet.
The blue truck in front of the plane.
the boy wearing a maroon shirt and blue jeans.
A little boy in a red sweatshirt sitting at a table with two other, older, people.
The piece of broccoli in the piece of bread to the right of another piece of bread.
Broccoli cooked inside a piece of cornbread on the right.
Granny smith apples with a large ray of sun reflecting on them.
One ski.
A black ski.
A white horse.
the white horse.
A vegetable sandwich wrapped in a tissue on a white plate and potato chips and sauce lying next to another sandwich plate.
A piece of paper is wrapped around a tasty submarine sandwich that is sitting on a plate.
Woman standing between two other women wearing knee high pants and sweaters.
a woman with blonde hair in the middle.
The brown couch on the left.
A couch in the living room.
A woman wearing a fedora while talking on a cell phone.
An Asian woman with a black and tan fedora holding a cellphone in her right hand.
The top portion of a club sandwich.
the top half of the sandwhich.
An umbrella with small British flags on it.
Red, blue and white umbrella with United kingdom flags.
3 slices of mac and cheese pizza, partly consumed.
The cluster of pizza slices.
An elephant walking in queue in the second position.
a male spectator in a blue shirt.
The man in the blue shirt is a spectator at the tennis match.
The laptop to the left of two other laptops.
cameraperson's bike.
A frontal part of a unicycle with small mirrors.
A silver laptop with a green and blue desktop background.
the laptop on bottom right.
the wii mote closet the the wii.
The Wii remote sitting closer to the Wii console.
a blue surfboard being held by someone with a knit cap.
Surfboard under orange sleeve.
The table top behind the young boys elbow.
A table beside the boy shown empty.
A woman sitting on a park bench.
A woman sitting on a bench in jeans and a jacket.
A clear umbrella covered with black flowers.
A clear and flower umbrella the lady is holding.
The screen on the table.
A monitor resting on a table.
a person in a black jacket standing on skiis.
A skier with a black jacket and gray pants.
The slightly blurry, l;arge apple in the image.
red apple with the stem facing the camera.
man in ballcap on floor watching tv.
A man with a black hat and a beige shirt sits next to a girl playing Wii.
a sheep being held by a bot with dark hair.
The animal being held by the person with dark hair.
An umbrella in white over a table in an outdoor cafe area.
White bungalow top with wooden chairs in it.
A man.
A man wearing a hood on his head.
A balding man with white hair wearing a gray checked shirt and holding a wine glass.
A balding older man wearing a gray shirt and holding a wine glass in right hand.
a glass full of juice with pizza in fort of a girl.
A full glass with a red straw.
Red commuter tain at a train stop.
red train right side.
A man in a long sleeve shirt, who is empty handed.
a man in a gray shirt sitting in a chair.
The man with the dark hair and glasses on the right who is looking down at his camera.
The person with the long black hair.
The plant that is under the railing.
the table of food.
the table in use by the two women.
A girl feeding the little boy.
The girl feeding the boy.
A dingy blue denim soft cover book on top of other books.
A stack a books in front of teddy.
The colorful surfboard carried by the boy on the left.
A white surfboard with colorful graffiti style writing visible on it.
DINING TABEL IN A HALL.
Person in blue ski suit and goggles.
man with black helmet and purple jacket.
A white bidet sits next a toilet in a dark bathroom.
the yellow toilet.
The black and orange cat.
dark brown cat.
A woman playing tennis in mid swing.
Female tennis player wearing pink outfit with black stripes.
A young woman with a red and white coat and curly blond hair standing next to two men on the hill.
woman in red skiing.
The front end of a black car, slightly hidden behind a police motorcycle.
Part of a car just behind  a motorcycle.
A black and silver bike behind another bike.
A child with blond hair wearing a red shirt standing in front of a chocolate cake.
a kid wearing a red shirt looking at the cake.
The glass of wine whose stem is visible.
A half full glass of red wine.
person standing wearing a blue and silver cellphone costume.
A person in a Windows live cellphone costume.
The man in the red fez hat.
A man wearing a black suit and a red fez.
A man in a grey and blue shirt to the left of another man.
A man in blue pants and grey shirt doing a pose that is on the television.
Girl in jacket wit stripes.
Girl in blue winter coat with pink and whit stripes.
The smaller giraffe in the front walking in the zoo.
A giraffe to the left of the others.
The backside of a brown horse.
Brown horse in the middle of the other horses.
A man in a green shirt.
man in green shirt with red beard and mustache.
A pizza in front of a woman wearing a brown and blue shirt.
A pizza in front of the woman on the table.
a white laptop.
A very old, white-ish laptop.
a man in a red t-shirt kneeling.
A woman in a red shirt.
Water glass next to coffee cup.
A small glass holding a clear liquid.
The urinal on the left.
a urinal between a wall and another  urinal.
A girl in a white shirt.
A girl in a white shirt, playing a soccer game.
The small giraffee one behind the big giraffee.
A young giraffe standing in an enclosure with two ostriches and an adult giraffe.
Man wearing the yellow shirt.
A man in a yellow t-shirt.
an empty seat next to an end table.
this is a chair next to the fat man playing wii.
The giraffe standing on the left.
A vacant chair with its back to a woman who looks prepared to blow out candles on a birthday cake.
a blackcolour chair.
A BLACK DOG WITH WHITE COLOR HAT.
A dog in a cowboy hat.
old woman.
a women was smilling.
A single piece of pizza on a white plate with lots of vegetable on the slice.
A slice of pizza with vegetables, cheese, and meat toppings with a cheese stuffed crust sitting on a white plate.
A man in a black shirt leaning over a couch.
The man with the black shirt is looking at an elephant.
A giraffe's head with long neck protruding long tongue standing next to two more giraffes next to leafy bush.
zebra facing the camera with its tongue out.
The orange bag.
The women with the blue shirt and kaki pants wearing an orange bag across her chest.
woman holding up bag.
A white plastic bag held by a woman.
A female black student.
An African-American woman wearing a green shirt, seated at a table in a library, working on a laptop, with a black purse on the table in front of her.
the trunk and eyes of the middle elephant in a row of three elephants.
Elephant in middle.
The blue Jeep Cherokee parked next to the two horses.
the blue car behind the horse.
18 wheeler product carrier.
An open-top semi-truck trailer.
A laptop with a movie playing.
A blurry photo of a computer screen with a person on it.
a player jersey number 28 is playing baseball.
Prince Fielder of the Detroit Tigers after swinging for a baseball pitch.
the tallest man standing up.
A young man standing up with his hands in his pocket and no tennis racket.
a small boy wearing a wide brimmed blue hat.
a child standing with father.
A horse on the left side of the pair pulling a heavy load.
the left horse pulling forward a carriage.
a silver table on the right.
table with drinks and condiments on it.
A man with black T-shirt and a cap placing food in an oven.
a man wearing a black tshirt and dark blue apron.
A yellow patterned table holding two tea kettles.
yellow table cloth under the teapot.
A red and yellow bus by a black car.
a man whith black short.
A soccer player playing the ball away from another soccer player.
A bowl right of another.
A small white cup with black food with a face on it.
a cupcake with sprinkles in front of two other cupcakes.
A cupcake with sprinkles in front of two others.
2nd smallest elephant, turned away.
A small elephant to the left of a tree.
the guy in the purple hat that just swung the bat.
a man in a black, purple, and grey uniform practicing batting.
A big boat with two people on it standing at the front of the boat.
the boat in the front.
Large pizza with pepperoni on a regular platter.
A large pepperoni pizza.
A blue train car and the two cars behind it.
a colorful train parked near the platform.
A man in white holding a tennis racket on a clay tennis court.
A tennis player wearing all white.
white lamb next to tree.
The goat facing forward.
A portly man with sunglasses perched in his white hair.
The older man standing.
A car is just a blur in front of a speeding motorcycle.
the black car in the front.
a women wating the childrens playing the football.
lady watches kids.
A toasted piece of bread with pickles on it sits behind a slice of bread with some sort of meat on it.
Pickels on a bun waiting to be put on a rib sandwhich.
A man with glass, cutting the cake and standing second from right.
An older man with glasses, standing between another man and two women, cutting a cake.
The back of a cat hiding behind a tree looking at sheep. It is the middle picture.
the middle small animal.
two broccoli florets in a bowl with rice, tofu, and mushrooms.
A female in jeans and a red shirt walking and eating cheese-its.
a woman in a red shirt holding a box of cheez-its.
real hand showing middle finger.
the hand as seen from the gir's persepctive, to the left side of her reflection.
The cow with both ears tagged.
A black and white adult cow with tags in its ears in front of a calf.
the green chair with its back to the viewer.
The turquoise chair where the back is visible.
A person leaning on a brick wall wearing a tan jacket and white tee shirt.
A man wearing a brown jacket.
The base of a pink cake.
The bottom layer of the cake.
A monitor above the left side of the sound mixer.
Monitor displaying data with small white and yellow squares.
A young girl in a white dress pulling on a plush toy.
A girl wearing white gown.
An older man with glasses and a white apron cutting a pizza.
An older man wearing a white apron and cutting a pizza with his right hand.
The fork on the right is touching the spoon.
a fork touching a spoon.
The red train.
a red and orange traing moving next to a dog.
a busted train car on the side of a hill.
A wrecked red train cart derailed and has a hole in the back.
The man in the plaid shirt.
A man sitting in a chair, holding a laptop.
A man wearing a black helmet, black pants, and a black and grey jacket standing near two other men in the snow.
A man not holding anything.
A white keyboard.
A white keyboard in front of an older keyboard.
5 pieces of white and silver frosted cake.
The pieces of the cake that are already cut into smaller pieces.
A girl in black shorts and a green top reaching for a white frisbee.
A teenage girl wearing green t-shirt jumping to catch a disc.
Man in green shirt holding kite.
The person holding the kite.
A shorter giraffe eating some green leaves behind a taller giraffe.
Giraffe eating leaves standing behind another giraffe.
Chocolate cake on a platter being cut.
Table on which a birthday cake and many plates for the slices rest.
A man in orange ski pants.
A skier wearing black jacket and brown colour trouser.
the surf board with its tail end on the sand.
The surfboard closer to the camera.
A man in a sweater vest holding a cell phone.
GUY ON RIGHT.
Zebra closest to camera.
Two zebras standing in a grassland.
the polar bear baby on the left.
A baby polar bear laying down.
the large red umbrella on the left that is viewed through the glass.
an orange umbrella.
a baseball pitcher about to release the ball for the pitch.
A baseball pitcher in the process of pitching the ball.
A woman wearing a white and blue shirt.
A girl wearing a white shirt.
It's a man who is behind another man who's on his phone.
Man on left with low cut hair.
a right bowl.
A slightly smaller bowl of food.
A white computer keyboard placed in front of a computer desk.
A white computer keyboard in front of a stuffed monkey.
A skier wearing a plaid scarf.
A man wearing a red jacket, and a brown scarf, a backpack, and black glasses.
smaller aircraft in the front of the bigger aircraft.
A plane underneath another plane.
An elephant with a tusk.
A elephant in a zoo with tusks and a long trunk.
A girl sitting on a bench near a boy.
A young girl sitting and smiling on a bench.
The first of the three sheep on the farthest left of the image, the only sheep with a brown spot over it's tail.
the left sheep in the right hand picture.
A young giraffe looking over a fence.
A giraffe that is shorter than the other.
The back of a woman wearing a black t-shirt and hold in maroon and white colored umbrella.
A woman holding a purple and white umbrella.
The chair the baby is sitting in.
The back of a highchair.
The swivel chair.
One folding chair is standing near the computer table.
A keyboard of a laptop.
The bottom-most baseball bat in the hands of the man on the right.
the baseball player with the blue hat on.
A man with a blue helmet walking around.
A blonde haired girl in a white top tied in back watching the television.
A girl with long hair is watching TV.
man in black shirt on right.
A man in black.
A yellow surfboard with Swell written on it.
A yellow surfboard being held by a man.
Vase holding flower.
A clear vase holding flowers.
A large van with its back open on a street.
Silver truck with back door open.
The red motorcycle that says mapfre.
An orange motorcycle.
A bunch of green bananas.
The bananas the woman is holding.
baby sheep.
A small lamb standing by an older lamb.
Guy in baseball player from Warriors costume with yellow makeup.
A man wearing a black and white baseball uniform which his face painted yellow and black standing between two other men in baseball uniforms.
a man in a yellow shirt.
a man in a yellow shirt brushing his teeth.
Man in black and yellow shirt sitting in front of black laptop.
A man wearing headphones and a blue and yellow t-shirt.
The woman wearing the black skirt.
A young man in a ball cap and summer clothes wearing a baseball glove.
The boy is wearing a baseball glove.
white bowl with silverware.
A white bowl with tomato sauce sitting next to pizzas.
Piece of ham on sub sandwich, apart from lettuce.
A piece of ham sticking off of the cut edge of a sandwich.
The green double decker bus with readable writing on it.
A green double decker tour bus.
A horse being ridden by a woman in a black shirt.
horse ridden by woman in black shirt.
A woman in a white shirt holding a purse.
A woman with glasses and a white shirt.
A man in a dark vest pointing to direct someone else.
A man weared black coat presenting the pizza.
A white spoon resting on a desert.
The white folk sitting on the left side of the donut.
A part of a bike tire next to an upside down bicycle.
A blue color suitcase with brown color posture over it.
The blue suitcase and the large silver reflective sheet on top of it.
a black gas-top stove in a home kitchen.
A sheep behind and between the 2 good looking sheep.
the sheep behind the front two sheeps.
A gray armchair is being sat on by a boy with a laptop.
A grey chair with a boy sitting in it.
A man with glasses and a black pullover reaching for a sandwich.
A male wearing glasses and a black shirt.
Woman in black shirt.
A woman in a black shirt that is walking in front of another woman.
A yellow VW truck.
a yellow colour truck.
a man in glasses and a white shirt behind a kid on a skateboard.
Man behiind skateboarder.
Chili cheese dog with relish and mustard.
A foot long hot dog with ketchup, mustard, relish, and onions.
a horse with a person wearing an orange jacket on it.
The brown horse that is carrying the woman in orange.
A giraffe in between 2 other giraffes eating from a tree limb.
The giraffe whose head cannot be seen.
An older white man wearing a blue suit and red tie with gray hair standing next to a younger man with glasses.
A person with grey hair.
Riding horse standing in a Market place.
The horse that the Police Officer is on.
the zebra closest to the trough on the left side.
The zebra with its head held highest.
A baseball coach for the Orioles wearing a black and orange jacket.
A man in a black Orioles jacket and white Orioles hat.
Big zebra.
The bigger zebra that is next to the little one.
A boy in a blue stripped shirt taking a picture of three others in the room.
A boy taking a snap from mobile.
suitcase in lower left hand corner of picture.
the baby giraffe between the two larger giraffes.
a small giraffe in the middle of two big giraffes.
Giraffe looking over a stone wall.
giraffe on the right most side.
lady behind the man.
Person dressed in camouflage peaking around boy is grey shirt.
A man with a blue jacket posing for the camera.
Man with a blue jacket sitting next to a woman who eats a donut.
the monitor with mario in front of it.
The monitor on the left.
An airplane for China Airlines.
A China Airlines airplane on the tarmac at an airport.
Man wearing knee pads.
A person in white pants and a white shirt.
the snowboard attached to the person in the air.
the sketch bord, a sketcher on it and flying high.
A man heading a soccer ball.
A man wearing green t shirt  throwing the ball with his head.
Man with glasses and a white shirt.
A man wearing glasses and a white shirt.
The skate board of the man in the orange cap.
A skateboard being carried by a man.
The face of the oven.
A sofa with a white cloth and a brown pillow on it.
A brown chair with a white blanket on the back and a pillow with a dog on it in the seat.
a man in a grey shirt.
The man that is driving the truck.
A man in a brown shirt holding a wine glass.
a man taking drink with a lady.
A carrot that has grown in to two carrots.
An oddly shaped carrot.
Tallest animal which is left of others.
All of big cow that can be seen.
A man in a white suit stand in front of a bride.
Man wearing white suit and red and white tie.
a black and white cat with other cat sitting with other cat.
CAT WATCHING ON THE REMOTE ON THE SOFA.
The snowboard in the front.
Broccoli florets.
the broccolis in the plate.
Patio chair with black lattice style back.
Dark colored chair.
the man behind the woman.
The male in the picture with the baseball hat.
Cafe table with water glasses, a basket of sugars, coffe mug, creamer cup, salt, and pepper.
A table where 2 ladies are drinking from glasses and a mug.
Broccoli on a plate with yellow noodles.
A whole piece of broccoli.
A person in a red shirt standing in the kitchen.
A woman in a red shirt is standing in the kitchen.
a chair without a teddy bear.
A wicker chair behind the woman in black.
the second bird  from the front.
bird flying back.
The zebra is eating grass by the bush.
A zebra in front whose full body is visible.
Bottom of a ski board and a man's left foot.
The snowboard under the guy in red and white.
cow that is laying down  whose head is partially obscured by the grass.
cow laying in front of one standing.
the woman seated, in the white shirt and tattoo on her arm.
woman sitting on a bed holding a video controller.
A piece of toasted bread with nothing on it.
A piece of toast on a plate that is part of a larger meal.
A woman skier in a red jacket.
A woman wearing a red coat cross-country skiing.
A crosswalk sign displays a don't walk signal.
The part of a traffic light with an orange hand on it.
A stove.
Top of the stove.
Umpire in a baseball game.
The home plate umpire.
man.
a man pushing a cart of luggage.
Red box with a white arrow on it.
a red suitcase kept along with other material.
a man in a trench coat.
Man wearing full coat.
bench closest to camera.
The bench that is first.
the smallest toy.
Smallest stuffed toy with solid black ears.
A green bunk bed.
A bunk with a mattress covered in a green sheet.
A portion of a black piece of furniture with a patchwork quilt on it.
Black leather chair.
VINTAGE BLACK CAR.
Dark antique pickup truck.
snowboard.
a colorful snowboard being riden by a man.
A green and yellow Apple sitting directly in front of the orange and you can see it's stem.
The apple below the small orange.
An umbrella sitting on an angle touching the blue wall.
The upright umbrella leaning against the wall.
A sheep stands behind two goats.
Animal on the left farthest away from us.
The lightest colored umbrella.
A blue umbrella held by a lady in a green skirt.
Small lamb in man's right hand.
A man sliding on the snow with a lady along with him.
A man wearing a ski jacket and pants that is cross country skiing.
the back half of the zebra.
zebra whose face is completely cut off.
A little blond haired girl wearing a long blue dress, white shoes, and a gray holster over her neck.
A young girl with blonde hair is wearing a blue princess style dress while a man attempts to shoot an apple on a woman's hand with a bow and arrow.
A shirtless little boy with brown hair.
A little boy without a shirt looks back over his left shoulder.
A beach umbrella in a beach.
Umbrella over two flat  pieces of beach furniture.
A woman wearing a hat and a white scarf.
A woman with a black leather coat and a white scarf holds a waltrose shopping bag as she sits on a train.
A teddy bear sitting atop a box covered in a sheet.
The large stuffed bear beside the girl.
A person in a plaid shirt with blue pants.
white color shirt.
A knife kept vertically just below the left hand with watch.
A knife that is covered by the chef's left hand and in between cutting boards.
A black man with big hair stairs intently towards the ground.
A black guy in white jersey no 14.
A white booklet with Bauturm printed on the front.
The book titled 'Bauturm'.
A person wearing full blue.
The skier with bib number 118.
A boy playing baseball wearing a blue and white uniform.
Child player MORGAN.
man with tennis raquet.
A man holding a tennis racket looking down at the court, with sunglasses and picking up a ball with his foot and racket.
A giraffe's head, spotted brown and white, to the side of another giraffe.
A giraffe, which is shorter than the other giraffe.
A white horse with a rider in a blue formal outfit.
The white horse that the guard is sitting on.
An unamused black cat.
A solid black cat sitting on the back of a couch.
a woman watching two men play video games.
A girl smiling at the TV.
A purple and wood chair leaning against a white wall.
A woman in a long skirt talking on her phone.
Woman on phone standing in dark pink colored dress and tan sweater.
A brown-black bear laying donw on rocks.
A bear lying on its belly.
a teddy bear sitting next to a child.
A hairless stuffed animal with black eyes sat in front of a piano.
Table on which a cupcake with chocolate frosting and red cherry is sitting.
man in the back of the bike with blue helmet.
a man was sitting on back of the bike.
the white umbrella on the left.
The white umbrella.
A brown suitcase with a cat sitting on top of it.
A suitcase with a cat sitting on it.
The top right, small custard filled bowl.
the container with the butter that is not melted.
A grey labtop open with the screen on.
Comfortable, floral chair.
The blue color truck carrying the elephant.
The truck carrying an elephant.
A large, blue dog bed with a dog lying down.
a dog bed.
A neglected plant sits in a dark green planter out on the porch.
a small shrub grows in a planter box in front of a wooden fence.
The woman in the foreground with a black catcher's mitt. She has kicked up some dirt under her cleats in playing.
A woman pitching a ball.
Man and his child on the bicycle.
The man in the picture.
The umbrella on the left.
Umbrella being held by woman in pink.
a hand on the left.
A man in a white checkered shirt serving himself some beef on the opposite side of two people.
The toilet bowl.
Toilet, except for tank at top.
Bigger Mother sheep.
A SHEEP WITH RAM AND HAVING HEAVY WOOL ON IT.
Baseball player swinging a bat.
A baseball player in white and blue swings his bat.
a hand next to the baby with a silver watch on it.
a women hand teaching the child.
A hot dog with peppers on it on the right.
The portion of the stainless steel sink that is closest to the camera, it has a wine glass in the sink basin.
Sink in a Kitchen.
A tie being adjusted.
dark tie with red stripes.
A fire truck behind another fir truck.
The fire truck parked on the right.
A man standing in the background in a restaurant, behind a woman.
A man standing behind a woman.
A traveling bus with the company Luzon Trails labeled.
The bus that says LUZON TRA.
Three apples to the right side of the basket.
A cook standing in the kitchen to the left of two others.
A man in a grey shirt and blue jeans cooking with an apron on.
Black container divided into two half containing rice and gravy.
A black plastic compartment dish with rice in the left side and lentils in the right side.
A brown wooden chair on a carpet facing the camera.
Brown chair with something black sitting on it and a yellow cord draped over it.
a park bench behind a girl.
A bench and picnic table behind a girl.
A blue and white tennis racket.
blue tennis racket.
A silver cup with a large handle.
A metal coffee mug.
this is a man holding a skateboard with a blue logo on his shirt.
man holding skateboard wearing black t-shirt and black ball cap.
A black color back bag carried by the woman wearing green top.
A black backpack.
A zebra laying down under a tree.
A zebra lying down in front of a tree in an open space.
A person in a black coat leaning against a yellow snowboard.
The man in the black jacked with a beige snowboard.
wooden chair next to table by produce.
chair.
A small child wearing a red shirt on the phone.
little boy talking on cell phone.
A decorative plant vase on the carpet.
Dried flowers in a basket on the floor.
A couch is front of a table.
A love seat to the left of the coffee table.
A lamb to the left of another lamb.
White lamb with black ears on left side.
A bus behind several people on bicycles and in front of another bus.
A bus bound for Hayes Ferry Plaza approaches along the left side of a troupe of bicyclists.
A bride next to a man who is helping her cut a cake.
A bride going to cut the cake.
the green broccoli on the left.
legs of donkey on right.
a female in blue dress and blue cap is holding tennis racket in right hand and ball in left hand.
Tennis player in dark blue and white.
the giraffe that is approaching the deck.
A giraffe by the deck.
A woman with dark hair and a floral dress.
A woman in a floral dress sitting on a train.
There is a man standing up against the pole on the sidewalk.
A man facing traffic stands behind a pole.
A red leather couch with a african pattern blanket.
The red chair.
Square pizza topped with cheese and mushrooms and cooling on a plate on the counter.
A pizza, on a counter, with mozerella and mushrooms.
Two pieces of luggage behind an open piece of luggage.
Black closed bag in back of open bag.
The monitor in the back on the left.
A screen above a white power strip.
THE POLICE MAN WIT HAT.
the person with the kangaroo.
a baby cow is standing.
A brown cow standing.
A green plant covered in leaves.
A green plant behind a woman's head.
The person wearing a green shirt.
the person with a green shirt.
A red and white taxi cab.
The white and red colored taxi standing behind the group of people.
A pizza in a rectangle pan.
the vegetable pizza.
A little girl dressed in yellow swinging a bat while other children wait their turn.
A girl wearing yellow top holding baseball bat.
A white laptop computer being used by a kid.
A white laptop.
The cat closest to the viewer.
the cat on the right.
Stuffed banana on left side of pole.
An umpire, in black, crouching behind the catcher.
the umpire standing behind the catcher and wearing a black shirt.
A black and white stuffed cow, on a pillow.
White and Black teddy bear sitting on pillow.
Luggage with a silver zipper pull.
second bag from top.
the back of a white car.
back of white car.
A young main a blue tee shirt and jeans doing a trick on a skateboard.
A guy in a blue t shirt doing a trick on a skateboard.
the carrot touching the apple.
woman wearing blue shirt and jeans.
A woman wearing a blue shirt and jeans partially obscured by a man's arms.
a skateboard in midair.
A skate board in mid air.
a park bench with a man wearing a large hat sitting on it.
A black bench with a man on it.
the upper left 1/4 piece of pizza.
A man on skis between two young girls on skis.
A man skiing with a dark blue jacket and hat.
Two pieces of green broccoli are at the corner of a plate of vegetables with chicken.
THE LIGHT GREEN BROCCOLIS.
an athlete in a green multicolored outfit is waving.
A woman with the number 2 on her vest.
Woman in blue tie dye shirt and glasses hooking a cow up to a milking machine.
a women was cow feeding.
The first slice of apple next to the orange wedges.
The slice of apple that has two green grapes on it and it is next to an orange slice.
person sitting with white dress in the middle.
The person sitting behind the wine bottle in a white shirt.
a man with green glove on with his face obscured by a red circle only one arm is visable.
A person with a mask on and a green glove up to his elbow.
Two slices of pizza in the box on the left.
The peporonni pizza in the other box not being grabbed.
The man in blue.
A man in a blue shirt.
Veggie sandwich with wheat bread.
a whole sandwich closest to the banana dish.
Beige couch between two lamps.
A long sofa in living area.
three slices of pizza still connected on a plate.
The horse with white on its head.
A horse with a white stripe on its face.
Traffic light facing the camera.
Large stop light facing forward.
A crispy hot dog in a bun next to a box of plastic wrap.
A hot dog inside a bun, nearest the plastic wrap.
The furthest away of a group of three zebras, who has its head raised.
The zebra closest to the water.
A giraffe bending his face into the grass.
a giraffe eating.
The hotdog furthest away.
A hot dog with ketchup, to the right of another identical hot dog.
A black calf with no horns.
the black cow facing away from the camera in the top right.
A beautiful brown and black zebra.
The zebra that is in the foreground. It is facing towards the left and there are two other zebras on either side of it.
a dog is looking another dog.
real beagle.
a blue color cycle is parked at the road near a post.
blue bicycle.
Two zebras relax on the african plains.
The clock face on the right.
A clock showing 9:55 located on the right face of a tower.
A young child holding a purple umbrella.
A child wearing a green shirt.
umpire.
A squatting baseball umpire watching closely to judge a play.
A person with a patterned shirt.
Someone's right hand holding a fork.
glass bowl.
a vase.
A houseplant sitting in a window.
pot of plant on the window between two head.
A chair with a black seat.
A black and brown chair.
A man wearing green T-shirt seeing blue cap man.
A young man with a green jacket looking down.
Man with white hat and shirt riding a horse next to a woman on horse.
A man in a hat rides an animal down a dirt road beside a woman.
A suspended green bike.
Green bike hanging from ceiling.
boy wearing a grey shirt and red cap throwing a baseball.
A young child throwing a baseball.
A sugar covered donut, whose donut hole is not visible, slightly touching and sitting above a small round donut hole.
The donut covered completely in sugar to the right of the sauce.
arm of person in back of smaller pizza.
A young man with light long hair, black jacket and blue jeans standing next to his friend with a hat.
Person on the right with no cap on his head.
The suitcase underneath the highest suitcase.
The trunk below the top one.
A man in a protective vest and helmet playing catcher in a baseball game.
player with blue jacket in the image.
A man standing next to a young girl on a grassy hillside.
A man in a black jacket.
Bag about to exit the frame, near the leg.
Black bag carried by person in black shoes.
The bunch of bananas next to the bowl.
Bananas on table next to dish.
The black and white keyboard next to the silver spoon.
A keyboard and backside of a spoon.
A woman holding an umbrella and a baby.
A woman holding an umbrella.
elephant closest.
The elephant that is using a blue bowling ball.
a girl dressed as a zombie.
zombie woman.
The small pile of shredded carrots.
carrot salad on the plate.
A man in a black hat standing in the snow.
A man in a black hat and checkerboard shirt holding a long metal cylinder.
An elephant enjoys water being sprayed on it.
An elephant with his trunk up playing in a water fountain.
A dirty toilet closest to the store window.
White toilet next to window.
A giraffe seating.
A giraffe laying down.
yellow and white truck.
A yellow and white pickup truck sitting in park lot.
the little bowl with no hat and a darker colored shirt.
A boy sitting beside another boy who has a hat.
a white train with a black top.
A group of trains.
a stationary airplane which has PacificCoastal.com on it.
A Pacific Coastal.com airplane.
A red and white Shenzhen Airlines plane.
A Chinese plane is parked next to a barbed-wire fence.
A dingy green boat.
A boat in white, green and red floating in the river.
the zebra that's farthest to the right with only its back showing.
Back end of a zebra to the far right.
man sitting on the couch wearing a black shirt.
The man wearing black.
A worker with a large beard preparing food.
Man in a blue shirt fixing a plate.
A guy with glasses and a white shirt eating pizza.
The man in the middle eating pizza.
A black Kayasaki truck with a green strip and a red logo on the side is parked in front of a large building.
A green and black Kawasaki truck is parked in between a blue truck and a white truck.
a ford explorer parked on a street.
The table that is mostly unseen.
The corner of picinic bench is near a pot.
broccoli placed above all the vegetables.
A pice of broccoli, stem pointing up.
A little boy holding up fingers.
A small child wearing a paper hat holding up two number one fingers with his mother at a restaurant.
BACK TIRE OF THE BIKE WITH THE PURPLE SEAT.
The back where of the 2nd closest bike.
zebra on right.
Zerba at a zoo.
A womans jeans with red socks and brown boots.
A man crossing his legs with red socks and brown shoes.
A woman with a scarf holding a long hot dog.
a women eating in a cake.
Woman with with shirt getting a slice of pizza.
A woman in a white whirt, cutting a slice of pizza from a box, with a pair of scissors.
One man with a white shirt, blue jeans, black shoes, and glasses.
A man wearing a white t-shirt and jeans.
A man in a costume raising his hand.
man in dog suit with leg in the air.
a girl wearing black and rose dress.
A girl wearing a pink skirt and black shirt.
Yellow bowl with a chicken dish in it.
container of noodles and kimchi.
A vintage suitcase with brass elements.
A trunk that is stacked on another trunk.
cheese pizza with two slices missing.
Black table under the glass with the red liquid.
A boy wearing a green tee shirt and grey shorts.
a man seeing.
A kite that a man is holding above his head.
An orange kite being held up by a man.
A giraffe standing next to a rock.
The girraffe eating the grass on the large rock.
cornbeed sandwich facing the camera.
tall sandwhich.
The police tow truck.
a police tow truck.
The main course sitting on paper on the brown tray that does not have a bite out of it.
this is a black remote next to a white remote.
A black remote control.
Metal deep dish pizza tray on bottom left of table.
pot of scalloped potatoes.
A man with a white shirt and white shorts getting ready to hit a tennis ball.
A man playing tennis by wearing white t-shirt and trouser with cap.
The tall man who is standing.
An older man wearing a suit standing up.
Grey bicycle seat 2nd from the bottom left of screen.
A light grey seat of a bicycle.
A woman with long sleeves and a maroon top looking in her purse.
The woman in the long-sleeved white shirt.
black keyboard underneath a laptop.
full QWERTY computer keyboard.
A small glass and metal juicer sitting to the upper right of a thick pizza.
An empty bottle of sauce to the right of the pizza.
The boy in the red and white sitting next to the boy who is standing.
A boy in a red and white baseball uniform sitting in between two other boys.
A person in a blue jacket skiing with a child.
a man wearing blue.
An adult giraffee standing over a baby giraffee.
A tall giraffe behind the small giraffe.
A grey couch with two gold pillows and a laptop on it.
The couch.
The woman in white.
A woman in a white shirt.
the plane seat on the right.
Airline seat not reclined.
A dark male wearing dark clothes and shoes with white shoestrings doing a trick on a skateboard.
The man is doing a jump on his skateboard.
A parked car next to a sidewalk curb.
The silver BMW that is parked.
The man in the baseball hat holding the tennis racket.
A tennis player wearing a white shirt.
orange jeep being towed.
Orange jeep sitting on the back of flat bed truck.
a girl wearing a black pant & purple overcoat & standing on a skating board with sticks.
A woman in a purple coat.
The back end of a chair right under the mans hand.
The top of a chair under a cake.
A large fishing boat with an american flag.
A long boat with people in front and in back.
The man to the left of a man in a black vest.
A white umbrella next to a black umbrella underneath a sapling.
A white umbrella paired laying perpendicular to a nearly identical black one at the base of a tree.
batsman.
The baseball player at bat swings.
a computer monitor to the left of two others.
large screen on the left.
Man that is facing this way.
An old lady who is wearing a black jacket and sitting down.
A woman sitting in a chair with a person kneeling in front of her.
A bunch of raw bananas hanging from the plantain tree.
the green bunch of bananas hanging.
The motorcycle the man is riding.
The red motor cycle.
A blue table holding pizzas and boxes.
The large pizza piles on the table.
the bowl with bananas in it.
The bowl that is holding the banana bunch.
A blue bus to the right of two other buses.
Blue bus closest to the brick building.
older man wearing glasses and a grey and white buttoned up collared shirt.
The man on the right.
The skis on the adult wearing the red jacket and white hat.
A drinking glass is located next to the toothbrush cup.
An empty water glass next to a cup filled with toothbrushes.
the mug with wishful thinking on it.
white mug that says wishful thinking.
Laptop whose screen we can see.
small black laptop.
bear left side.
darker colored bear.
man with light yellow surfboard.
A tan young man with blue camo shorts.
A small boy wearing a black top riding a white horse.
The rider of the white horse.
A man wearing blue jens pant  and using the laptop.
a man in a black shirt typing on a grey laptop.
a man wearing glasses holding game controllers.
A man weared spectacle and red colour t-shirt and holding a remote in his hands.
light blue chair with a split in the back for design.
the piece of broccoli closest to the left side of the plate near the biscuit halves.
The piece of broccoli on the top left.
A baseball player in the batter's box holding a bat and wearing a shin guard.
a batter going to the mound.
A green suitcase behind a pole in a train.
luggage wrapped up in green cellophane with grey pole in foreground.
The woman wearing a black shirt.
Lady in a black shirt and bluejeans playing wii.
Female goalie at a soccer game.
A soccer goalie crouches to take the ball.
worker man in a yellow hard hat and grey tshirt.
A man wearing a grey shirt and white hat tossing pizza dough.
the car with the license plate 27 527 71.
the tail end of black car.
two ducks walking behind another duck.
A black and white cow leans its head down against the hands of a man.
A black and white cow trying to escape from a man.
A man with short brown hair, glasses and a beard.
A man with glass.
A black color sofa in a room.
The pizza that is resting on the wooden chopping block.
A small pizza on a cutting board.
The little boy with overalls on and a red shirt.
A little boy in overalls petting a goat.
BLACK COLOR COW IN BACK SIDE OF BROWN AND WHITE COLOR COW.
The black cow.
A picture of a person inside of a blender.
picture in blender.
A MAN IN PLAID SHIRT SITTING ON COUCH WATCHING TV.
man sitting on couch.
A baby wearing pink, with an adult helping her with her hair.
girl is getting her hair fixed.
oranges.
A bunch of oranges with the number 15 written in black on one.
Man seated in reclined position.
A man sitting and wearing a gray, button-up shirt.
broccoli.
A serving of steamed broccoli on a blue and white plate with salmon, beans and rice.
A SKATER IS JUMPING  FROM A BOARD.
Kid dropping into ramp with skateboard.
the man with a box in his hand.
The man on the right with the red tie.
Woman standing holding her skiis up with a bodysuit on that says 5 on chest.
Woman wearing number 5.
A silver tray with butter on it.
a container of cheese sitting next to various other cheeses.
a man with curly black hair in a black suit with a purple tie stands with a woman in glasses and a black see through outfit.
a man with dark, curly hair wearing a suit and tie standing next to a woman.
A burner on the green cook top is empty.
A black, square stove burner with a box of tea beside it and no kettle.
A young man watches another young man play nintendo wii.
A black man with black jacket leaning on his arm.
glass of wine on the right.
The wine glass to the right of the another wine glass.
THE LADY WITH SPOON IN MOUTH.
The woman with a spoon in her mouth, and her hair in a bun. .
a man with a black baseball glove.
A man in a blue baseball uniform and black glove.
A woman is seated in front of a colorful selection of cupcakes.
a woman wearing a blue and black shirt.
A tennis racket held to a boy's chest.
the racket the kid in white is holding in the right hand picture.
The racket the kid in white is holding.
A man in white.
an out of focus baseball player with only his torso and legs visible.
a man with white clothes holding a tennis racket.
A young man in white shirt and shorts playing tennis.
A boy in grey number eight jersey.
Man in black shirt kicking soccer ball.
this is stoplight faced away from the camera.
A traffic light that is turned away.
The man in the middle.
The buy in the middle under an umbrella.
the second picture of a woman kneeling.
Woman crouched down to the right of woman crouched down.
the green vegetable in the left.
green vegetable by brown food.
The bigger horse.
A horse standing next to a horse in front of a girl.
An elephant with food in its mouth that is leading a baby elephant.
The adult elephant that is eating a branch.
Person in white t-shirt.
a person wearing a white shirt.
An ice cream that is white with a blue stripe that is stopped close to the children.
parked white ice cream truck.
Man on left.
man in white shirt watching a woman pour wine.
The person sitting with the dark jacket.
A man sit on a chair near the dinning table and he holding a spoon on his left hand.
A child wearing a pink shirt.
a baby.
A person is holding a map standing next to the man on a phone.
Person almost completely hidden behind the man in the center, on the right.
The larger elephant is walking with her baby.
the mother elephant.
The KLM plane.
An airplane with KLM on it.
The corner of a pink and green colored mattress.
corner of bed without sheets or blankets.
the herbal oil bottle on the left with dark leaves inside.
bottle of oil on left of vase.
Closed dell laptop.
a closed laptop on a desk next to a computer mouse and coffee mug.
couch in the left side of the image.
An elephant with his trunk lifted to his mouth.
small elephant with trunk to its mouth.
Red motorcycle.
A red and white Honda dirtbike.
the bench the man in red is sitting in.
The bench that man is sitting on.
Little girl with grey shirt sitting on the left side of table.
A girl catching a fork in hand and knife in another hand.
a silver laptop with a napkin next to it.
A silver laptop sitting on the table.
A young baby in a hooded sweatshirt is watching zoon animals while being held by a woman.
Baby in blue jacket and white shorts in arms of woman.
Green umbrella with two people sharing it.
Green umbrella with white trim and black pointed top.
A man looking down at his phone.
man looking at a phone.
A tall human height plant against a wall.
The plant in the large planter partially obstructed by the glass the boy is drinking from.
THE PERSON'S BACK SIDE VISIBLE WHO IS SITTING OPPOSITE TO THE LADY.
The shoulder of a person the woman is looking at or toward.
a man with yellow shirt.
A man in yellow t shirt wearing glasses.
man second on the left.
a man standing next to two women and holding a tennis racket.
Red and white Virgin American commercial jet going down the runway.
a virgin plane.
A black purse sitting next to a larger bag behind it.
A black purse on a bench to the left of a woman on a computer.
cows on left.
woman skateboarding.
the girl with a red hat.
A man wearing a black jacket talking on his phone.
An asian man on his phone.
The banana half at the top of the image.
a zebra standing in a fenced-in enclosure.
a girl wearing a yellow tanktop.
The girl on the beach with the yellow shirt.
A half of an egg salad sandwich which has a long piece of onion sticking out from it.
A toasted sandwich slice with white sprouts and purple onion sticking out of it.
The body covered in green apron and hands holding tongs and paper cup with cooked dough.
a worker wearing a plaid shirt is putting a pancake in a cup.
the guy on the right int he back with the leather jacket in the right hand picture.
man on upper right side.
The chair in front of the purple curtains.
The back of the chair in the bottom left.
A wooden trunk with a black cone shaped type of object in front of it.
large brown trunk.
full view of table and meals on it.
A full Dining table with food glass and other things.
A previously used but empty red cooking pot sat on a gas stove.
A red color pan on stove.
the vase in the middle with the orange and red flowers.
A conical shaped flower vase.
The front end of a vehicle at a stop light.
A car that is driving in the dark.
A man having his hair cut.
HAIR STYLE.
A batter swings at a ball during a baseball game.
A man with a bat.
the smaller white skis.
A baby giraffe.
A small giraffe near a tree.
A guy in a black shirt and red shorts.
A man wearing a black shirt and red shorts jumping to catch a frisbee.
the train on the right.
a train perked to the right of another train.
A man swinging a bat.
a man swinging a bat.
The far silver vehicle.
A whit car seen in the background fully.
black bag on the wooden table.
black bag on table.
A hot dog covered in onions and cheese and relish.
A full hotdog with toppings.
Guy in white shirt swinging a baseball bat.
man swining bat leht side.
A march band member far left partial picture.
There is a beige chair that has a pillow on it.
The big light brown chair with a purple cushion.
The man's two skis.
A female teddy bear wearing a white nightgown.
A sandwich with a poppyseed bun in plastic wrap.
A round bun with sesame seeds on top, in a wrapper from Badger Market.
The nearest zebra.
Man feeding a puppy.
man that is feeding the dog.
A burger that is not next to the white bowl.
The first burger, immediately next to the metal knife handle.
The first zebra in the photo.
A zebra whose head is bent over.
A floral teacup.
A teacup with a floral design resting on a table clothe with desert and a teapot.
Glass half full of water next to a phone and food.
glass on left.
The person's right ski.
a red flip cell phone.
a red cellphone.
A gray Ford with New York license plates.
gray van parked on the side of a street sign.
A woman in a brown dress with a floral scarf standing next to a man.
Woman in black dress with scarf.
Bottle of Karo syrup.
A bottle of Karo syrup on the table.
A sheep standing in the field with her two adorable babies.
A large adult sheep next to the lambs.
A red car on the street in traffic.
Red car behind a white card and a motorcycle.
the human arm that is behind the girl in the front.
man's arm.
brown horse on right looking left.
the horse in the right.
There's a blue candle holder on a table.
An empty blue glass bowl behind a platter of food.
A blue notebook sitting on a wooden desk.
Blue binder with sunglasses on it.
A white man with a blue and black checkered hoodie holding a cellphone by another man.
A buy in a blue plaid jacket.
Little girl under the pink umbrella.
The little girl hiding behind the pink umbrella.
A white horse looking over the fence.
White horse.
this is a silver car behind a horse and buggy.
A gray colored compact car behind a horse and buggy.
the left baseball player about to give a hi-five.
A man leaning back to the left of a woman.
A man in a red and gray shirt.
A girl wearing a red sweater with 76 on it.
Girl in red sweatshirt playing with racket.
a train holding materials on another track.
Sheep is running in the forest.
SHEEP THAT ISNT BLURRY.
the surfboard the man is riding.
ski board.
The dog holding the red frisbee.
A dog with a red toy in its mouth.
The parked silver car behind the man in the brown t-shirt.
Spatula with leftover chocolate cake.
Man wearing black and green uniform.
A skier with a green vest.
A girl with purple socks on a couch.
A woman wearing a long black top and grey leggins reclining back on the couch.
truck carrying a tanker and has a row of lights across the top.
The truck whose door is not open and only says McNamara on the top.
A woman is opening a bottle of wine.
a woman opening a bottle of wine.
speckled tall fat vase.
The vase containing a green plant.
A lady in a purple shirt and black apron cuttinga cucumber and wearing a chef's hat.
CHEF IN PURPLE.
The bicycle visible above and behind the men.
A woman in black leggings and a black jacket carries a red and black plaid umbrella.
A LADY WALKING HOLDING A LARGE RED AND BLACK UMBRELLA WEARING HEADPHONES.
The pitcher.
A middle aged male baseball pitcher after throwing a pitch with one leg raised in the air behind him.
laptop computer on the right.
A silver laptop to the right of another laptop.
The second bus in in the succession of the four buses moving down the street towards the camera.
bus parked on road, second from the front of the line.
The tennis player on the left.
man hitting tennis ball.
laptop with blackscreen.
black laptop on right corner of desk.
Woman hugging woman in glasses.
A blonde woman without glasses and wearing a solid black shirt hugging another woman.
A brown teddy bear next to a white bear.
A brown teddy bear with a blue ribbon.
the wooden chair behind the boys head.
A chair holding a red bag.
The part of the light colored sofa (or perhaps chair) you can see.
A patterned blanket draped across a chair.
A brown chair pulled out from the table.
A dining chair pulled out with a white towel draped on the back.
A cow sitting in a ground.
A tan cow laying on the ground facing the camera with it's mouth open.
The orange and tan bag in the tote.
a tan and orange duffle bag inside a pink plastic tote box.
A bottle of conditioner on a sink.
A shampoo bottle.
Zebra on the right standing behind another zebra.
zebra in the right side of the image.
chair.
A Christmas tree.
A MAN WATCHING HIS MOBILE PHONE WEARING BLUE SHIRT.
A man typing on a smartphone wearing a blue shirt.
Pot without a spoon of pink food on bottom left.
the metal bowl with pink stuff in it in the right hand picture.
The tail of a very large elephant walking away from the watering hole.
A big gray elephant wtih a long tail.
A green planter holds pink flowers and a large leafed plant.
A large plant in a grey planter directly behind a sign post.
A skateboarder jumping off ledge.
Boy in air.
A baby giraffe eating tree leaves along with other giraffes.
A giraffe partly hidden by the limb from which it is eating leaves.
The person on the right standing closest to the camera.
The person on the right standing closest to the camera.
A car behind the Romney bus.
The top of a car parked near us.
bird sitting on rail facing boats.
Seagull facing away from the dock.
The couch the 2 men are sitting on.
A GREY COLOR SOFA SITTING BY A TWO MEN.
the girl holding the frisbee in the right hand picture.
A woman in a pink bikini.
Baseball player Altuve, number 27, batting during a baseball game.
A baseball player in a red shirt up to bat with a catcher and umpire behind him.
A skychefs van standing left to the other van of skychefs.
the sky chefs vehicle on the left.
The lower of two built in wall ovens.
The bottom of a stacked oven.
blurry soccer goalie wearing a glove.
The goal keeper at the extreem right.
A man's arm alongside an infant with a wedding ring and an exposed red shirt sleeve emblazoned with "World Series Champions" and a MLB crest.
adult in a red MLB shirt, next to a baby grabbing a remote control.
The fish stick in the middle of the line of 3 fish sticks.
a fish stick in the middle of two other fish sticks.
The back of a persons head, standing in front of an elephant trunk.
person head bottom left.
Black umbrella being held by ladie in white.
The opened black umbrella.
Long brown couch with blue blanket draped over back next to table with lit candles.
tan couch with blue throw on back.
white sheep.
the white sheep.
A large urinal to the left of two smaller urinals.
A large urinal beside two smaller urinals.
Car windshield with a stop sign in front of it.
There is two black wipers on a vechicle glass.
The person with a patterned dress who is talking to the woman with a white shirt on her shoulders.
A woman in a patterned vest talking to a woman wearing a white cardigan.
steel mixer above Box on bottom shelf.
the mixer with the blue, grey and white sticker on it.
A women wearing black jacket walking from the snow mountain.
Woman walking on the ground covered with snow towards a man pulling a large white teddy bear.
Both snowskate of a man with a lady beside.
White and blue snow skis on snow.
A lady who is wearing a black color shirt and sitting on a chair.
Woman sitting in corner watching another woman play a game.
Young girl with red hair and a red sleeveless hoodie.
A girl wearing a red vest.
A snowboarder in light gray pants.
A guy in a black winter coat.
A chocolate cake with a cherry on top of it.
Chocolate cake with meringue and a cherry on top.
The hand of a small child holding a brush.
A child combing the babies hair.
the person with less hair in the picture.
a man in a black shirt behind a red vase.
A red suitcase beside three others in the back of a car.
A red suitcase next to a black one.
the table which is behind the boy.
A table with a wooden top and metal legs.
a table with a young family of four seated around it.
A table with a family of four around it.
A person's hand cutting a piece of cake.
The hands of the person cutting the cake.
An orange purse near a woman wearing a ring on her hand and holding a phone.
The orange bag.
A boy with brown hair in a white and grey shirt holds up a red skateboard with pictures of two women and a beverage.
Boy holding a skateboard.
A floret of brocolli which is near the cauliflower.
piece of broccoli with stem facing camera.
the black and white dog the woman is petting.
a bigger dog next to a smaller one.
A young girl in a yellow dress with flowers curtsing.
Girl wearing yellow dress.
The beer label says Budweiser.
a budweiser bottle.
blue surf board on left.
A blue surfboard sticking out of the side of a group of surfboards behind a little girl.
A brown color wooden frame for the sofa.
Person walking behind subject on bench.
Person walking behind bus shelter.
The laptop on the right.
Picture on right, laptop.
A white and blue rv parked on the side of the road.
The bus in the middle closest to us.
Black and white sneakers with one food off the ground.
The legs of someone in blue jeans and their black shoes.
A container holding broccoli, cauliflower, cucumber, and carrots.
The container holding fresh vegetables.
a white surfboard with a gray and yellow pattern.
snowboard in the rack with nude woman sticker.
Removing camera from her neck.
Older woman with short blonde hair and raised arm.
A charging elephant.
An elephant moving towards another elephant.
the woman wearing the gray shirt.
A silver car parked by a motorcycle.
the cabin of a grey car.
A WOMEN SITTING THE TABLE AND WEARING THE RED COLOR TSHIRT.
A blonde haired, blue eyed woman grins as she sits at a wooden table.
Young man wearing a suit.
A boy with a suit and red tie.
The cow on the far right of the herd.
the cow on the right.
A white dining table with three tumblers on it.
A rectangular table with black plastic chairs and some glasses and mugs on it.
chair old lady is sitting on.
The white chair under a woman in a red shirt.
A busty woman in a white bikini with the Blue Angels flying in formation in front of her midsection.
Woman wearing a pink bikini walking beside another woman in a floral bikini behind a yellow and blue model plane.
The cheese and pepperoni pizza farthest away from the woman sitting at the table.
The pizza that is closer to the camera than the other. It is in front of the glasses and the water.
A woman pulling up her sagging jeans.
person on right.
a piece of cake topped with a large amount of whipped cream.
A cake with cream toppings near the white cup.
A man taking a picture.
A man in the background takes a picture of a bride and groom.
the guy in black in the right hand picture.
A man in a dark shirt standing in a family room watching people play Wii.
a green office chair to the right of a white lamp.
A green desk chair with arm support.
yellow color bus on the road.
Yellow double decker bus.
The out of focus officer.
a security guard standing in the background.
A GIRL WAS SITTING THE SOFA AND HOLDING THE FOOD.
woman eatting.
The black bag directly under the pink carseat.
The black bag right under the pink object.
A blond man wearing a striped tie and checked shirt.
the face of a short haired blonde man that's wearing a shirt and tie.
man on horse on right.
a knight on a dark horse jousting.
A plane with a propeller.
An airplane with the letters B HS on it.
A girl wearing a black shirt who is wearing a ball cap.
A woman to the right of another woman who is holding a Frisbee.
Front most bush on the right.
Green bushes in a planter box outside a building.
Bottle of casoli wine with white label on table behind a pizza.
The bottle with the lighter colored label.
A big lime green bottle between two bottles.
Two green bottles with dark green lids.
An arm in a white long sleeved shirt.
Arm with white shirt.
The boy on a surfboard.
A boy lying on a surfboard on his stomach.
PERSON WITH VEST ON THE LEFT.
A person servicing the food in the buffet.
Middle pizza piece.
the pizza slice in the middle.
The white Ford Superduty truck.
the big white truck in the foreground.
the two slices of pizza to the right.
Topmost two slices of pizza.
A person in a white coat petting a cow on the head.
A woman in a white coat touching a cow.
The left most giraffe.
The giraffe with its head near the tree.
The back of a yellow and red bus.
The bus that can be partially seen in the photo is red, yellow, and brown.
A black horse standing next to a cow.
a black horse.
The coffee table holding the red notebooks.
A small table with a red book on it.
The adult dressed in white.
A man wearing a white hat and a white shirt.
a dad brushing his teeth.
A man sitting on a bathtub using an electric toothbrush.
the white car in front of all the cars.
A white Isuzu truck.
A chair at the table nearest a bottle of wine.
WOMAN TENNIS PLAYER.
female tennis player.
An upholstered cream armchair on the lefthand side of a light blue sofa.
A light patterned cushioned armchair facing a wall with a large tapestry.
The right hand holding the donut.
Right hand of a man holding a toy.
A clock facing west.
The left-most clock face points to 8:00.
Part of the second and the whole third yellow tractor.
Truck with yellow metal frame next to the truck with a black metal frame.
the blue semi trailer.
The blue front end of a large truck.
The lamb which only it's right ear is visible.
the sheep to the right of the front sheep.
A baby giraffe standing next to an adult giraffe.
A baby giraffe standing underneath its mother.
The woman in the black top.
A girl looking at a man.
The guy on the right in the white shirt.
A man in a white shirt about to catch a Frisbee.
Women wearing black bickinie and pink colour, playing flying disc on the beach.
A woman in a pink bathing suit is on the beach.
A police woman standing in front of a bus.
A woman with black hair and sunglasses.
This is a woman wearing sunglasses.
A person wearing sunglasses and looking back over her shoulder.
A man holding a bunch of red flowers.
A man in a blue shirt holding a bunch of flowers next to a woman.
A bottle containing oil and garlic cloves.
jar of pickles sitting on a table.
traffic light facing away.
A woman in a dark green shirt with white writing.
a woman wearing a green t-shirt with white writing on it.
Tan and blue surf board.
A white surfboard with blue at the back end under the arm of a man walking out of the ocean.
A man wearing a blue apron and holding a pizza.
A man holding a tray of food.
A man in a black shirt, with dirty hands making pottery.
man working at pottery wheel.
A green taxi.
A green color taxi on the road.
A man in blue shirt and brown shorts next to elephants.
A man in blue t-shirt posing for a picture.
the outdoor chair the woman is sitting on.
the chair the woman is sitting in in the right hand picture.
the smaller calf that only has its body showing and no head.
The hindquarters of a cow partially obscured by another cow's head.
boy in white shirt.
A young boy in brown shorts and a white t-shirt playing frisbee golf.
A bird touching its neck with its right feet.
A bird pecking at the water.
A person with a blue hat standing on the side of the court.
A man with blue cap, blue top and brown pants watching the tennis court.
A computer currently on Netgear's website.
A silver-colored computer.
A young child holding some type of fruit or vegetable on a plate.
A little boy holding a plate of banannas.
black oven door.
An oven in the kitchen.
the refrigerator that the blue arrow is pointing to, to the left of the woman.
A stainless stell refridgerator in the middle of two others.
Small section of a dictionary, including part of the entry for aquarium.
top left picture.
A brightly-colored duck sitting in the grass.
the first bird in the picture from the front.
The end of a table with three plates and a placemat.
A wooden table holding foods, plates, and a newspaper.
A hot dog to the right of another hot dog.
A hotdog with red pepper relish next to a hotdog with saurkraut.
A person in a blue shirt.
A man in blue walks in the background.
The bear on the left with it's mouth open.
The bear on the left with its mouth open.
SOFA COT.
A tan couch that has 2 sides but no back.
bear on right.
A united kingdom flag tie, all twisted up.
A red white and blue tie over a striped shirt.
the man holding the two cell phones.
A man in a striped shirt holding up two cell phones.
A brown dog fighting with a little dog for a yellow frisbee.
The brown short haired dog.
The man with long hair in the grey sweatshirt.
A man in a white sweater.
A brown shaggy animal with a red-tipped ear leaning toward the grass.
the yak eating grass in front.
A flower pot.
A flower pot.
A light Blue couch in the Livingroom.
The grey couch.
a man jumping with yellow ring to throw.
Boy jumping in the air to catch a yellow frisbee.
The female tennis player with the racket.
a woman playing tennis in white and green.
A MAN IS WALKING WEARING BLUE SHIRT AND LIGHT BLUE SHORTS.
A man in a dark blue shirt playing frisbee.
Luggage carrying van at the Air port.
ATOMIC BRAND RED SKIS ON SKIER.
A red ski on the right foot of a skier.
White bowl filled with pieces of fruit.
The small white bowl with the fruit.
A sheep facing directly forward.
A man with long hair supersizing for something.
A man in a Quiksilver shirt.
A woman ina red dress and necklace holding a remote control with her mouth open wide.
A woman wearing a red shirt enjoying playing wii with a man in a purple shirt in the background.
A sheep behind a wooden fence.
wooden split log fence with sheep on other side.
Zebra looking at camera.
black and white zebra standing on brown grass.
Brown leather chair with a coffee table in front of it.
A light brown leather couch.
Woman in a wedding dress cutting a cake.
A woman in a wedding dress smiling and cutting a cake with a man standing next to her.
A man with a Wii controller plays a game with a girl.
A man in a gray sweat shirt playing wii.
A male in a white shirt and red shorts holding a tennis racket.
A MAN STANDING  POSITION AND HOLDING THE TENNIES BAT AND BALL.
The black bmw bike.
a group of metrocyles.
the bride.
A bride in a wedding dress reaching towards a wedding cake.
boy with glasses on chair.
Little boy in blue shirt with glasses.
Booth seat cushion that the girl is over.
seat on the left where the boy is lying face down.
A plant behind a man wearing a kilt.
Plant behind the man in a kilt.
A man in gray playing WIi.
A man playing game.
A navy blue rolling suitcase holding a black bag.
large grey luggage with black bag on top.
A black horse with white feet.
The visible horse.
A man wearing a red collar shirt holding a glass of whine.
A man in a red tee shirt holding a drink.
A single seat red chair facing a tv.
A sofa whose back portion is only seen.
A woman standing by a fence, watching a child play tennis.
A woman in a purple skirt and sun glasses.
lady sitting on end of couch.
CUTE SEXY GIRL.
A bottle of cleaner with a green handle.
the water bottle with a green nozzle.
motorcycle shown most fully.
A motorcycle parked on a street.
The right face of a clock.
A clock which is to the right side of picture.
asian man with red shirt.
a man in a red shirt wearing a black apron.
The blue chair on the left of the cat.
man sitting on the couch drinking out of a can.
Guy sitting on the couch.
A large computer monitor.
Desktop computer screen.
A white and yellow bust on a tow cable.
A bus being towed.
The blue snowboard without a person on it.
an empty snowboard.
A woman with short brown hair in an army uniform.
A woman with black hair sitting to the left of another woman.
A boy wearing a blue hoodie.
An Asian child in a blue sweatshirt.
A red on black Adidas sneaker worn on the right foot.
A red and black tennis shoe is next to a white ottoman.
The bowl of soup on the left.
bowl of soup with chopsticks resting on top with similar bowl to its right.
THE TRUCK IN WHICH "AFG" IS WRITTEN ON ITS FRONT.
van cabin which is having full than other and letters are printed with AFC.
man in white shirt talking on cell phone on a bench.
Dark skin man sitting on a bench in a white outfit holding his phone.
Man in blue and white shirt giving the thumbs up signal.
the man on the far left.
A steak knife in a food basket.
brown color knife in the image.
The zebra on the most right.
A zebra standing on the far side of another zebra.
blue and white striped board.
The blue and white striped snowboard.
The elephant on the left.
A cat looking in a mirror.
A cat seeing it's reflection in the mirror.
The man controlling the horses on a carriage.
A man sitting on a buggy that is being lead by two horses.
This is an orange and green colored umbrella, being held by someone out of the picture.
A sheep that is standing in the middle of 4 sheeps.
The lamb behind the first lamb.
CRUISE SHIP.
Boat waiting at the harbour.
the drink lid that is not showing whole cup.
A man standing in the background refereeing the tennis match.
man in blue.
the stripped bed in the upper right corner.
A long train with green and red carriages.
a green and red train that's unused.
A little girl with curly hair.
The little girl sitting.
A drink closest to the slices of pizza.
Bus with the number ME/2032 written in the front.
A bus which is parked to the front of the other one.
a dog on a green couch looking at the camera through its long hair.
A long-haired dog with hair hanging over his eyes.
zebra on right side, jumping over log.
The legs of a man wearing jeans on the right of the shot.
A man in a black jacket standing alongside another man with a dog.
A piece of mostly eaten pizza on a white plate.
bitten piece of pizza sitting on white plate.
The white car parked next to the tree.
The closest car parked next to the motorcycles.
Brown delivery truck.
A brown truck driving down the street.
Player number 2, hardy.
A baseball player with hardy and number 2 on the jersey greets the other player.
The pastry on top of the other one will be the first one grabbed.
THREE SWEET PIECES ARE IN THE PLATE AND ONE SWEET IS ON THE ABOVE.
A wicker chair arm behind the piece of chocolate cake.
A wicker chair in front on a chocolate dessert.
The white sink furthese away from the paper towel dispenser.
A white bathroom sink located to the right of a matching sink.
A man wearing red.
a man in all red with a foot on the football.
The giraffes are standing near each other.
A giraffe looking inside.
the man holding the newspaper.
man in suit holding newspaper.
Hands holding eachother.
A person standing with their right fist in the palm of their left hand.
coke cup on right side.
The half full glass.
two white cows behind another cow.
This cow is vanished by another cow.
The vase with the green leaves.
vase on right.
A whole grain sandwich, identical to one right next to it on the plate, closest to the front edge of the table.
sandwich in front.
A dark brown stuffed bear.
the dark brown bear on the left.
A sink second to last in a row.
A white sink, third from the front.
A white and green color tooth brush on the right side of two others.
a note on a vase.
the vase to the left of the 3 smaller pictures.
A pizza pie with a few slices taken out of it.
The slices of pizza on the large white plate.
A boat next to a brick wall without a dog on it.
A white boat with pink graphic painting.
Dog photo on book cover.
face of dog on book.
A coffee mug labeled Madison Concourse Hotel.
A white coffee mug from Madison Concourse Hotel.
A women standing wearing a green shirt and blue vest with her left hand on her hip.
Lady with a green guest with her husband.
A man in a white tee shirt and black shorts.
a man in white in the background.
a zebra with its head down eating grass.
Zebra with its head in the grass.
Man with blue shirt and white hat playing Volleyball with others.
the man in the white cap, blue sleeveless shirt on the right.
The darker half of the sandwhich on the white plate.
The fork touching the pancake in the foreground.
pinot noir bottle.
The bottle of vignette on the right.
A white table with a hot dog in bun and a bottle of water on top of it.
hotdog next to bottle of water.
horse with brown spots.
A white dotted horse walking in front of a brown horse.
mattress with red blanket to left of dresser.
The bed with the red blanket on it.
Empty chair with dark blue cushion in front of door.
A boy wearing a brown shirt.
Boy in a brown shirt.
notebook with papaer.
A notebook being held by one of the women.
A man on the skating slide on the top of the wall.
A person wearing glasses, helmet, and blue shirt doing a skateboarding move.
A little green/gray birth with a little red in his tail sitting on a big rock.
A man in a grey shirt and plaid pants holding onto a little girl.
a person with child and nearest has one dog.
An umpire awaits a pitch.
An umpire standing behind a batter.
Three people sitting on the left starting with a man in a white cap and ending with a man in a blue shirt all in a row.
Blue shirt to the right of the white computer.
A girl in a blue shirt sitting at a table with a computer and drinks and a plate of food.
The black and white cat.
a black and white cat.
a zebra.
Zebra grazing with its head down but its eyes looking up.
THe right half of a lettuce and mayo and tomato sandwich with part of a pickle.
Half of a vegetarian sandwich.
A man playing Wii Sports Boxing next to a woman.
A man playing wii game with a woman.
A man in a coat with a purple umbrella.
The bearded man with the purple umbrella.
a man playing tennis.
A man in a blue shirt and grey shorts with a tennis racket.
The pizza with mozerella cheese.
A wooden table with two pizzas on top of it.
A woman getting her hair brushed.
A girl who is having her hair brushed.
A woman and her son playing the Wii.
A WOMAN WEARING YELLOW TOP & A BROWN JEANS PLAYING WITH HER CHILD.
A colorful bird closes it's eyes and sits to the right of another colorful bird.
One of two birds with an orange and red head and green body, perched on a branch on the left.
The bus that is fully shown.
red bus.
a women feeding animal.
A woman in a plaid shirt reaching out.
The beverage glass that is between the hot sauce and the pizza cutter.
An empty glass on the table on the right side  behind a white frosted cake.
A empty glass neat the cake on the table.
the measuring cup next to the measuring spoons.
Red measuring indicators.
A man wearing a dark jacket and hat, sitting on a park bench, and drinking coffee.
man in blue hat.
The young boy spectator holds a blue umbrella while watching a softball game.
a boy standing under an umbrella at a baseball game.
the legs of an elephant.
the elephant feet in the top left of the camera.
The table on which snacks, umbrella and sauce are present.
a gray table top.
A guy operating laptop in front of a television, wearing a white sweat shirt.
A person.
A man in green plays wii with his friend.
A man in green and jeans playing wii.
An elderly man swinging his racket towards a ball.
An older woman playing tennis in sweatpants and long sleeves.
A picture of a green wine bottle laying on its side.
Green wine bottle with white label lying on its side.
A Standing black color dog.
Top orange in the set of 3.
Orange on top of other two oranges, near thumb.
The umbrella that is cut off in the photo.
A multi colored umbrella above post cards.
A white, round bathtub.
the white sink with a rubber duck in front of it.
Man rowing boat.
A man sitting in a boat while wearing a hat.
A LADY SITTING BACK SIDE FROM DINING TABLE IN THE RED COLOR CHAIR.
the woman in the red chair.
The male tennis player on the right is starting to run.
A male tennis player dressed in white watching his partner hit the ball.
the stove in the right hand picture.
The oven behind the person.
twq children are lying between their parents.
A group of two children.
a boy wearing blue tshirt standing near a table with his friends celebrating birthday party.
a boy in a blue shirt about to blow out his candles.
A man in a striped dress shirt and jeans holding a game controller.
A man standing up wearing a striped shirt.
a man wearing a brown and gold tie talks to a man wearing a red and blue tie.
An Asian man in a black suit and tie sitting on a couch.
A giraffe next to another which faces towards the right.
The giraffe to the far right.
The person in the black pants.
Someone in dark pants standing behind a table full of food.
back of long bench behind the table with three kids leaning against it.
the man on the right holding the tennis ball and mike in his hand.
A man with headband and tennis racket and ball.
The green bus in front.
A green shuttle bus stopped on the street in front of a Sainsbury's store in the city.
a man with no shirt on waiting to catch a frisbee.
The man in the white shorts.
A man using his computer to show a friend something interesting.
a person typing on a keyboard.
A black clock with a white face that is saying that it is 3:18.
A clock being displayed on a mobile phone.
There is one women wearing green dress holding cake near her mouth.
A dark haired woman wearing green shirt eating a piece of cake.
Person standing up straight with white pants.
The man in the black jacket and white pants.
a brown horse with a light-colored mane.
The lightest color horse.
A lady tennis player in a pink skirt.
A female tennis player yelling.
A woman with pink and black hair walking a dog.
s woman walking her dog on sidewalk.
A US Airforce airplane.
A large airplane that has two people standing under its wing.
A smaller elephant being tended to by a bigger one.
a young elephant receiving a loving touch from another elephant.
a woman wearing glass laughing.
A woman sit on the sofa.
The left traffic signal.
The stop lights are off on the ground.
A pair of legs in tan shorts cycling.
A chocolate dessert.
A dark brown donut on a white plate.
A giraffe with a mostly white face.
white sofa in house.
A light yellow pillow-top chair.
A cow sitting on the grass, in between two cows.
A cow lying down in between two other cows.
A woman standing over the bathroom sink.
The woman bending over.
A multi colored kite lays on the carpet.
A multi-colored kite.
male tennis player.
The woman in a white shirt and black pants.
The blue umbrella above the man in green.
A blue and white umbrella above a man in glasses.
The man lying down.
A man in a white shirt laying in bed with a woman.
The woman wearing the brown apron.
lady in the right side of the image.
A woman sitting down while talking on the phone.
A woman in white reads on a wall.
A large brown steer standing in the middle of a dirt road with two other steers behind it.
goat closest to camera.
A giraffe standing as centre and the neck is slightly bended.
A giraffe which is standing third from left and second from right.
A table with a white table cloth and people sitting at it.
Table to the right behind man with long hair.
A pizza sitting on a black dinner plate beneath two green bowls.
The closest giraffe that is looking down.
A red bird on a cup next to a slice of cake.
A bird with a red head sitting on the handle of a teapot.
a pizza box kept very close to a red and white striped sheet.
The pizza box on the bottom left.
a green plant on the left back side of a patio with tables.
A green bush to the left of two other bushes.
A man with a mustache standing between two women.
Man in black.
Dark brown horse with a white streak on its face.
a brown horse near a white and brown horse & a person offering food.
a white and brown coloured cat is sitting in front of a mirror.
a cat was seeing out side cat.
The child dressed as Harry Potter.
a young boy wearing a necktie and sweater under a dark jacket.
Old photo of a man wearing black boots and a hat with goggles sitting on a motorcycle.
A white umbrella.
The white and purple umbrella.
a man in a plaid shirt and dark pants on skis.
A man in a plaid shirt is skiing on a mountain with other men.
The top banana of two that are touching.
The middle bananas.
The white and black surfboard.
White surfboard with a black tip held under a woman's left arm.
The boy is staring at the other boy eating his food.
A boy in grey t shirt.
The person in the back with the yellow and orange goggles.
A person in a helmet and striped jacket.
The backside of an elephant.
the elephant that is farthest away.
a man watching his mobile phone with some other people in the table with food.
man holding a cell phone.
orange color handle scissor in left end of the table.
the skis of a woman by a child.
Skis with a woman standing on them next to a little boy also on skis.
The woman to the left hand side of the photo with a yellow ribbon in her hair and white sneakers in the right image rather than the left image.
Middle aged man holding a frisbee on the beach, with and orange bathing suit.
A man holding a yellow Frisbee.
the doughnut farthest from the cup of jelly.
The donut in the upper right hand corner of the container.
A giraffe's long black tongue reaching out for some food from a man.
A giraffe sticking out it's long black tongue.
The back of a blue and white vehicle.
A white color bus.
A AIRCONDITIONERED VEHICLE NEAR GOAT.
A white refrigerated truck sits in the street with a line of goats walking past it.
the tv.
Black box-style television with a remote control lying on top.
A toddler boy wearing a bib and drinking out of a sippy cup.
A little boy drinking out of a green sippy cup.
A large cow to the left of another.
The cow on the left.
A brown racehorse wearing the number four blanket.
A man with one foot on the group and another inside a plane.
Businessman posing in front of an airplane door.
The ball keeper was sitting on the ground.
The catcher is behind the plate.
The wooden chair closest to the plate.
the empty chair behind the dessert.
An LA Dodgers player at bat.
A LA Dodger swinging a baseball bat.
a pastery with probably peppers and garnish on top.
A half glass of some drink on the table.
A glass of water is sitting on the table.
The vehicle had a flag.
The truck with the flag on it.
A table with four people sitting at it.
4 place settings and a camera with stand at a picnic.
A man weraing a orange scarf and stocking cap holding a small orange disc.
A man wearing a red scarf.
A bird is flying in front of two others.
A bird is flying in front of two others.
A man wearing a helmet and riding a motorcycle.
Biker wearing jeans, a white t-shirt and black helmet with a dog in a bag on his lap.
First of two white chairs on the left.
The back of a person wearing black and standing behind a young girl.
The person in back.
A girl with curly black hair holding a Wii controller.
a girl with a blue top along with two other girls.
An elephant in right corner.
A right most elephant.
A man looking at a pile of plantains wearing a brown shirt.
A man looking at a bunch of bananas at a banana farm.
A tennis player wearing pink shoes is shouting with joy.
women.
The tall giraffe eating from the tree.
A white and brown dog holding a frisbee in its mouth on a beach next to water and playing with another dog.
The white and black dog with something in its mouth.
The hand, wrist and partial arm of a man touching a silver coffee thermos.
right hand on metal cup.
The bed furthest away from the window.
A white sheep which has had its throat slashed.
The animal with its neck cut.
Player batting for a baseball team.
The batter in the black shirt and white pants.
Groom in pink tie next to woman.
A man with coat and suit beside a lady.
a baseball player with his right arm up near his head.
catcher throwing back the ball.
A goat herder in white clothing holds hand over his face.
The man in the red turban with his hand in a circle near his eye.
THE SINGLE DONNET ON THE TOP.
farthest donut.
The yellow lights that face away and the bulbs can't be seen.
The side of a traffic light, with the actual lights not visible.
A sandwich with colby jack cheese, tomato, and lettuce, on fresh cut bread.
smaller part of sandwich to left of knife with tomato , cheese and lettuce.
A partially taken wooden table.
a green and white jet.
Two women in white shirts.
Two women in white shirts standing next to a blue motorcycle.
bat behind batter.
A baseball bat hanging in the net next to a heavily built man.
A giraffe to the right of another giraffe.
A tall giraffe standing behind another giraffe.
The zebra rear end that is further behind or further to the left.
The back end, back legs, and tail of the zebra furthest to the left.
woman sitting in front of cake.
a lady holding a camera.
Police officer on motorcycle.
A police officer rides a motor bike.
Bed in the middle.
old style hospital bed in the middle.
The man in the black jacket and tan pants.
A man in a black coat and white goggles holding a snowboard.
The apple on the top left.
A baby zebra standing behind an adult zebra.
A young zebra is standing next to two adult zebras.
A woman with short hair and a maroon shirt serving pizza.
woman in purple shirt serving pizza.
person with a shrimp in their hand.
A person holding a portion of a shrimp in his hand.
The man swinging the baseball bat.
A baseball player who just swung the bat.
A white man stands in the background while Obama fixes a tie.
A man wearing a striped shirt with a red and white polka dot tie.
The table in front of the two men in front.
a white table under various dining objects.
A child is holding a piece of bread.
the baby in  green.
The blue shape in the background.
A red, blue, black, and yellow line, with a little bit of a piece of paper.
A black keyboard on a table.
black keyboard sitting on top of a brown table.
a man with large ski board.
A MAN HOLDING SKATING KIT AND WEARING WHITE SHOE AND WALKING WITH HIS COLLEAGUE.
Yellow Union Pacific freight train engine with lights on pulling blue cargo box car.
yellow train with bird on the front.
man in white shirt doing tricks on skateboard.
A man in printed shorts and a white shirt doing a trick on a skateboard.
the standing skiier with a white jacket.
a girrafe leaning to the left.
this is a giraffe in front of another.
a bird standing on wood platform.
a green bird being feed food from another.
the purse hanging over the woman's shoulder.
A shoulder purse worn by a woman.
a man was playing.
tennis player.
A bowl of noodle soup.
the white bowl in the right hand picture.
the girl in the left picture with a yellow racket.
The girl on the left in the picture on the left.
a bowl of food in the background on the far left.
a smeared bowl of green vegetables.
The baby on the ground.
A YOUNG CHILD CRAWLING ON A TENNIS COURT.
Bike wheel attached to a bike that is on the far right leaning on a metal post.
cycle.
The elephant with the shortest tusks.
The back of an elephant.
racket in mans hand.
A tennis racked being held by a man to the right of a woman.
A giraffe looking straight at the camera.
A giraffe next to an eating giraffe.
A zebra standing in the field looking at the camera.
The zebra facing left.
A girl in a black jacket running down a hill.
young girl running in field wearing black coat.
the person wearing the blue, white, and black shirt.
A person with white and blue shirt on sitting on a motorcycle.
The man all way at the end of the line who is barely visible.
A man who is mostly covered up by the arms of another man.
A mostly bald man in a beige coat tasting wine.
A man wearing glasses, a brown jacket, black shirt, and khaki pants.
the car with the wood paneling.
A car that has wooden doors.
An orange semi truck.
orange and silver tractor trailer cab.
the man in the hat and blue shorts is playing frisbee on the beach.
A man on the beach holding a frisbe.
CHOCOLATE  CREAM IN THE TABLE.
A chocolate penis cake.
A black umbrella protects a bicyclist from falling snow and rain.
a black colour umberrla rain comming.
a slightly wet elephant playing with a baby elephant.
An elephant in the water between the other two elephants.
a bush of plant behind middle woman.
Green plant behind a table visible behind a lady's head.
The green glass bottled beverage is in front of pizza.
A bottle of Stella Artois beer.
A fold up chair a delighted mom is sitting on.
the car that is directly to the right of the pitchers butt.
The car right behind that player's butt.
The middle sized elephant.
A medium-sized elephant to the left of a small elephant and a larger elephant.
A blue and white striped awning over a man holding vegetables.
A blue and white umbrella is over a man with curly dark hair.
Tips of two skis.
The two ski tips at the top of the hill.
A hand with a ring holds a bat tie.
A man's hand holding up a tie.
Woman with sunglasses and a black shirt carrying kid on her back at zoo.
A brown haired woman wearing a black shirt and an infant carrier with a baby in it standing in front of giraffes.
The elephant walking beside the white line.
The elephant closest to the white line on the road.
Man in the blue and white striped vest.
Guy in purple, but not his hat.
the woman in black holding a phone.
A woman wih a tan purse talking on the phone.
Blue chair in front of the coffee table farthest from the window.
the ball player to the far left on the background.
Silver sedan in between two black cars at stop light.
A CAR BEARING NO. EF03TVV STANDING IN THE SIGNAL.
A man skiing down down a mountain wearing a white and blue uniform with "525" printed on his shirt.
The skier with 525 on his chest.
A white Car standing at the side parking bay.
A white truck on a street behind a green convertable.
The floral print couch.
the salad with a fork in it.
A plate closest to the pepper.
Hellman's ketchup.
hellmans ketchup.
A grey love seat with a pillow.
couch on the right .
A young Asian boy wearing a party hat in front of a cake celebrating a birthday with two others.
A young Asian boy to the right.
the green bowl.
A blue plate sitting on a large green plate and the food is vegetables and meat.
A dark train in the background.
hungry ox.
The cow on the right.
plane in front.
Gray plane on the runway.
A white polar bear being nuzzled by another bear.
A baby polar bear being nestled by its mother.
The cow to the front of the other two cows.
a cow with the tag.
an orange on the bottom left side of another orange with a face drawn on.
The orange below and left of the orange with a face on it.
A gentleman eating a slice of pizza.
The man and the slice of pizza he is eating.
the man on the bicycle.
a man on a bicycle.
a toilet without tank lid.
A toilet without a lid in its tank.
A giraffe that's behind another giraffe.
Tall giraffe with dark spots.
Red truck, but don't include extra bottles higher than truck top.
a red pickup truck.
a wooden arm chair in the left hand corner of the image.
black chair on left side of picture.
The motorcycle of the man in green pants.
motorcycle closest to camera.
a brown and white horse behind a fence getting fed carrots.
Horse eating from woman's hand.
A man using scissors on a piece of tape.
Elderly woman using scissors to cut paper.
A man sitting on a motorcycle.
A man sitting on a motorcycle.
woman in a black sweater.
A girl kneels down in front of the statue of an elephant to take a look in a book about elephants.
a lawn tennis player holding racket.
A man wearing red & white T-shirt in the tennis court.
The laptop on the far right.
The computer furthest in the background.
person on right.
A man in a black hat and black boots behind another man.
A grouping of red and gold colored apples in a clear plastic bag next to a platter of assorted fruits.
apples in a bag.
two adult giraffes reaching their long necks out for food.
Two giraffes in a zoo stretching out their necks for some food.
A long train.
A train is moving toward the front.
A woman with green shoes in an advertisement.
A teenage girl wearing green Converse shoes.
A woman  smaling.
lady wearing glasses.
a woman.
A baby zebra leaning to its mom seeking comfort.
A CHILD ZEBRA WITH ITS PARENT IN JUNGLE.
An RV at a horse show.
A gray trailer next to an ice cream truck.
Tennis player in green shirt about to hit tennis ball.
A man in white shorts and yellow shirt serving a ball in a tennis match.
the red truck.
A red pickup truck.
champagne flute standing next to a black bottle.
A woman wearing a brown top and sunglasses on top of her heading scooping something out of a container.
A woman with blonde hair, black shirt and sunglasses on her head eating food from a small container.
A bowl of salsa with a large spoon sitting in it.
A bowl of tomato sauce.
A black car parked along the street.
The trunk end of a dark colored car.
The man holding a helmet and wearing white shorts.
A young man wearing white shorts and white tennis shoes is pointing.
A white dish with some kind of sauce in it along with a silver spoon.
A cup of food with a spoon.
A table covered in pizza and salad that a boy is sitting at.
Wii remotes are sitting on the laps of two children.
The front end of a double decker bus almost hidden behind another bus.
A bus obscured by the one nearest the ladder.
The mans left ski.
Ski that is under raised foot.
bush behind woman in white dress.
A green plant that is over the left shoulder of the woman in a white dress.
Rear end of the elephant on the right.
only back portion of elephant visible, tail swinging.
girl with closed eyes and red top in the front side of the image.
child in pink smiling sitting next to woman in white sweater.
A man wearing a plaid shirt.
Man holding a suitcase.
A beige suede couch with a white remote on it.
The couch that has no one sitting on it.
man with black tshirt an blue jeans skateboarding on black iron rail.
skateboarder.
Black bench next to green bush.
bench along side walk, with bikes passing by.
THe cloth on the brown horse.
The horse under the man in the green jacket and light pants.
A red chair next to a brown bench.
Red plastic chair next to wooden bench.
A woman wearing glasses and a patterned shirt.
A woman wearing glasses holding up a wine glass.
A person in black pants standing on the road.
A man wearing black jeans and a bracelet.
A young boy with blonde hair brushing his teeth.
little blond boy.
a wheat bread on the white ceramic plate.
Two pieces of toast at the top of a plate between carrots and eggs.
Dude humping a girl while dressed as a bunny.
man wearing bunny costume (this is adult footage FYI_.
the front sink.
The closest sink.
OLD BROWN SUITCASE WITH 2 TRAVEL STICKERS.
a brown briefcase with 3 stickers on the right side.
Kid to the left on his skate board.
The kid on the extreme left hand side and on the skates.
The red bus.
A red, double decker bus directly behind a bicyclist.
bread piece in the left side of the white plate.
The piece of bread on the left that is covered in sauce and letter shaped pasta.
The legs of a teddy bear laying on some grass.
The feet of the teddy bear.
The wooden back of a chair that a person with a white t-shirt is sitting in.
Side of chair right in back of white sheet.
the glass of red wine.
A glad of wine being drunk by a man sitting at a table.
Section of white tablecloth to the left back of can.
The back end of a black SUV.
The boy on the skateboard in the red t-shirt.
The man in the red shirt on a skate board.
scatting board with person.
A snow board that is blue and yellow and white and says flow.
the bike in the right.
A black motorcyle on the far right side.
A MILITARY MAN CUTTING A WHITE CAKE WITH HIS TWO OFFICERS FROM LEFT AND RIGHT SIDE.
soldier in middle.
A man wearing a military uniform washes an elephant.
A man wearing a cap, petting an elephant.
A black boat with white trim and the work Habicht on it.
the Habicht boat.
Guy in blue jeans falling off skateboard.
The boy in midair.
A horse that is being petted by a man.
White horse being petted by man.
Chili hot dog to left with dog sticking upward.
A hotdog is being held by a human hand.
the man in purple in the right hand picture.
man holding racket.
The bed and pillows.
The pillows above the couples heads.
There is one zebra is standing on the soil with other zebra lying beside.
Zebra standing left of another.
The back of a brown, wood chair pulled up to the table.
THERE IS ONE WOODEN CHAIR NEAR THE TABLE.
A mug containing a liquid of some sort with the label Chano on it.
Mug of beer that says Chang in green writing sitting in front of a man.
Two giraffe heads.
A white soap bottle with a blue top.
The bottle with the blue cap.
a man was playing.
A man wearing a blue shirt and black shorts.
baby elephant walking ot the right with other elephants next to it.
A baby elephant wanders away from its sibling and mother.
broccoli and carrots in a square glass dish.
The bowl of veggies.
The blue umbrella being carried by the person dressed in the long red coat.
The blue color umberalla in the hands of the lady with red dress.
A woman with curly hair helping an elderly woman play a video game.
A woman with curly hair who is helping the older woman to play the video game.
Kale salad.
Cooked spinach on a plate of vegetables and grilled meat.
an suv parked behind another one.
SUV parked closely behind another SUV.
A piece of white cake in the background of the image with white frosting and strawberries.
a white piece of cake furthest from the camera.
A banana with the top partially covering an orange.
BANANA.
The tail of small silver, white and red airplane.
A silver plane with a red lightning bolt.
the table.
A dark brown table next to three sitting men.
Young boy in a yellow shirt.
A young boy smiling happily in a yellow shirt.
The arm of the upholstered chair on the right.
Arm and seat of chair to right of table.
the cake that the man is cutting.
white cake in table.
A man wearing brown shorts and a beige shirt and a ball between his feet.
A man in green shorts.
The small remote control on the table to the left of the large remote control.
Two black remotes on a black table.
A black Chysler 300 stopped in a cross walk.
A black car waiting at a red light.
the small 1 person chair in the corner.
The only red chair made for one person that can entirely be seen.
the bear being touched by the man.
A bear being fed by a man.
A Grey-Green car parked behind a pole.
Brown jeep in front of a dirt patch and fire hydrant.
kid diving in sand.
A teenager diving for a disc.
the brown teddy bear along with a black teddy bear.
A light brown teddy bear sitting next to a dark brown teddy bear on a chair.
girl standing holding childs hand.
woman.
the table covered in wine bottles and glasses.
A camera sits on a table next to a man's hand gripping a wine glass.
A black table with wine bottles, wine glasses, and a camera on it.
Parking meter closest to the orange ticket.
the closer parking meter.
Front of white car nearest woman with umbrella.
White car where only its front end is visible.
Large black motorcycle with three headlights on the front.
A black motorcycle being ridden by a man in a helmet.
Guy in white shirt, black pants sitting on the ground.
A MAN IN WHITE SHIRT WITH LARGE BLACK X ON IT SITTING ON STREET.
chair next to the table and behind another chair.
A long blue sofa with a man on it.
a blue loveseat with cow printed pillows on either end and a man sitting on the right side with red shirt.
woman with the white umbrella.
transvestite (I hope) on left.
child in blue shirt.
A child with a blue shirt feeding a giraffe.
A parking meter just out of view that is blurry.
a blurry parking meter.
The blue bus that says local linx on the back of it.
A blue bus with a purple sign on it's side.
A adult giraffe.
A giraffe thats stretching its neck out and looking to the right.
The upper arm of someone in a dark green shirt.
The lady by the wine.
An older woman.
Bus on the right side of picture.
White van on the right behind the tennis player.
A brown bird partially hidden by a leaf.
A bird behind green leaves.
A woden table with lots of cups and plates on it.
Smiling black dude congratulates the winners of a tennis game.
This is a man wearing a blue shirt, reaching to shake hands with his team mate.
A man in a blue shirt sitting at a table.
A man wearing a light blue shirt with his fists clenched.
an orange on the bottom.
An unblemished orange.
A laptop in a man's lap.
A black laptop in the man's lap.
The white cow laying down.
white cow.
A long white boat.
boat.
the last pizza  from the front.
pizza with olives and tomatoes on it.
the horse that can only be partially seen.
A green salad.
A bowl of salad.
The white bird that is in focus.
A white bird with closed tail feathers.
a boy looking down.
A boy with curly hair holding sunglasses sitting in front of a spider man plate while looking down.
Placemate behind plate.
A grey elephant bending one leg.
The adult elephant without tusks.
the table to the right of the computer.
The table to the right of the man working on the computer.
A big slice of pizza sitting on top of two plates and two forks.
the woman sitting down on the right.
Dark-haired woman sitting with leg extended and tennis racquet on lap.
A toliet between two other toliets.
toilet that has seat down.
A man with glasses examining a pizza.
The man on the left eating pizza with a fork.
black colored coat in the chair of man with white shirt.
Jacket on back of chair of picture taker.
The running elephant.
a elephant was raning.
LIQUOR IN THE BOTTTLE.
A glass bottle of water.
A man in blue jacket on a skating board.
A man wearing a blue jacket with red lining and sunglasses snowboarding.
Train on the left.
An old yellow train car.
top part of parking meter.
red parking meter.
Black office chair in the middle of the floor.
The taller office chair in blue next to the girls.
A large elephant in some grass behind a tiny elephant.
A big elephant with tusks walking behind a baby elephant.
white color kinetic honda in the image.
a baby elephant under the mother on the open plains of Africa.
A baby elephant protected by it's mom.
A pastry sitting next to some bananas.
A roll on the plate.
The zebra on the viewer's left.
A zebra close to a fence.
A man sits on a patio eating coffee and a crouisant.
A man in a blue shirt is holding bread in his left hand at the hotel.
The black SUV in the background.
A black suv parked behind a silver suv.
a woman in a white fairy costume.
woman in white dress.
Jean Paul Sartre's book NAUSEA.
Nausea book by Jean Paul sarte. (white book with green drawing.).
GREEN AND BLACK COLOR BIKE STANDING THE ROAD.
The green motorcycle.
A woman picking up bananas.
A woman in a blue and orange dress bending over a large basket filled with bananas.
The bush which is near the wooden chair.
The green leafy plant next to the chair.
The giraffe with its face closest to the ground.
A giraffe that does not have a carrot in its mouth.
A baked good that has not been eaten yet; it has broccoli on it.
The white piece with broccoli and yellow sauce.
A little blond girl holding a US two dollar bill.
A girl in a blue shirt holding a $2 bill.
Empty table, with person in red clothing leaning against it.
An empty section of table between a boys hat and a woman in black sitting with her elbow on the table.
a sofa chair.
A black chair with an ottoman in front of it.
woman in glasses chasing someone.
A woman wearing a black shirt and glasses.
Someone pushing buttons on a cell phone.
hands holding the phone.
A car parked next to a broken meter.
black car top left.
The boy wearing a red shirt and black shorts, swinging a tennis racket.
blond boy wearing red shirt swinging racket.
The sandwich on the far right.
The right half of the stack of toast on a red plate.
cow with a gray collar with silver buckle.
The cow eating grass with a yellow tag on his ear.
A reflection of a boat.
Reflection of boat in the water.
A child with a teddy bear.
A boy sitting in bed with a girl on laptop computers.
a dead bird laying horizontally in the road.
A dead bird with blood on the ground around its feet.
A pizza with olives.
A pizza with olives.
Keyboard on the front left laptop.
laptop keyboard leftside.
A brown chair closest to the shorter girl playing with a Wii controller.
A table with six chairs around it.
rectangular wooden kitchen table.
A BLUE COLOR COURT AND BLACK COLOR JEAN PANT WEARING HAIR CUTTER HAIR CUTTING A LADY'S HAIR.
A man in a blue jacket.
the chair to the left.
The sheet music that the girl with is looking at that is almost out of view of the photo.
yellow school bus.
A large yellow bus with people getting on it.
Whole yellow and brown banana on plate.
The left banana.
closest, largest metal scrollwork.
The bench in the front that is cut off.
the face of the giraffe in the front.
the head and neck of a baby giraffe.
the sandwhich that's to the right of the other.
a food on tabule.
A donkey or horse that is pulling a cart and closest to the viewer and to the left of the other donkey.
A horse with a mostly white face.
A man in all dark clothing and boots standing next to a red bucket.
A man cleaning out a fridge.
Table that a camera is sitting on.
A table with cakes and drinks.
Giraffe with back turned to camera.
Giraffe looking away from the front of the dispay.
A man sitting in a white shirt.
Man in white shirt.
A woman, dressed in black, is playing tennis.
A woman is wearing a black top and bottom while she plays tennis.
the pants of the male.
someone in black holding an umbrella.
the man on the left.
The person on the left holding a teacup above the saucer.
A OLD LADY SNAP THE CATS IN FRONT OF THE MIRROR.
The reflection of a woman's face and arms taking a picture.
Black and white zebra looking off to the left behind a zebra.
A ZEBRA STAND BEHIND ANOTHER ZEBRA.
A batch of broccoli is stirfried.
Several broccoli pieces being sauteed.
A man with gray hair.
Man in grey shirt with luggage over shoulder.
far right edge wooden table under pastries.
An adult zebra standing near a baby zebra.
a large zebra in front of a baby zebra.
Person in a pink robe with short light colored hair.
The person on the right.
the man standing to the left.
The man whose face is only halfway visible.
The carrot to the right of the other carrot.
An umpire standing behind two baseball players.
The person in black shirt.
The pizza in a paper box above the another one.
The pizza in the box towards the back.
The giraffe closest to the wall.
TALL GIRAFFE RIGHT UP AGAINST WOODEN WALL.
Empty bar chair.
wooden chair close to woman in white pants.
motor cycle with yellow license plate.
two wheeler on the white line on the road with yellow coloured number plate.
The couple sitting close together on the bench.
The couple hugging each other.
skateboard deck on the top.
A shelf above another shelf.
a white cat was playing.
A cat laying on green carpet.
The two broccolis on the left of the plate.
broccoli furthest to the left.
A black and white patterned armchair.
A giraffe printed chair.
the hand with the wrist tattoo.
A hand holding something orange reaches down to a head of broccoli.
a train chair in front of man.
Two horses standing in a carroll.
The back half of the two horses.
A white cloth couch with a gold and beige pillow in the middle.
The couch next to the standing lamp.
A wooden horse in the middle but not on the driver's side.
Horse statue in the middle to the right.
Child with striped socks just inside doorway.
young child sitting in train seat.
A medium sized giraffe in between two other giraffes.
3rd person from left.
boy in jeans and button down shirt holding Wii remote standing in front of sofa.
The wooden table the plate is sitting on.
A BROWN COLOR DINING TABLE HOLDING WHITE COLOR PLATE WITH FOOD.
a boy with a bat amost out of the picture.
A baseball player swinging a bat.
A baseball player swinging a bat.
An elephant looking away behind another elephant.
Elephant nearest to a stone wall.
A woman in a purple sweater is cooking.
A girl in pink cooking.
A bike leaning against bananas.
a bike carrying bannas.
A pegeon at the middle of another two.
batter.
a baseball player preparing to hit the ball.
A boy in a green shirt playing a video game.
A boy in a bright green shirt is playing video games.
The brown couch that the woman is sitting on, which is facing the fireplace.
A brown sofa with two pillows and a lady on it.
police man on horseback riding in the lead position.
Left most horse rider.
A person on a snowboard with a white and orange jacket.
The snowboarder with the pointy grey beanie.
a women was eating cake.
A woman with red hair wearing a turquoise top and white shorts eating a piece of pie with a red cup between her legs.
A baseball player standing behind the player hitting the ball.
Man standing behind the batting cage, to the very right of the other men.
A woman in a visor on a surfboard.
woman on surfboard.
A  blue table cloth.
A red umbrella above the african american mans head.
An umbrella that appears to be coming out of a man in a blue shirt's head.
The woman's luggage that is on the cart.
a black bag.
A suitcase with hat on it.
A brown piece of luggage with a woman's hat on top.
A man wearing a grey sweater over a blue dress shirt.
A person in a grey sweater with a blue shirt underneath sitting at a table.
horse with white mane.
A white horse to the right of another white horse.
A man with a white shirt trying to catch a frisbee.
A man in white and blue shirt and black shorts reaching for a frisbee.
An lcd tv.
A TV, viewed from the side, on a black stand.
A fork closest to the viewer.
A sheep standing next another sheep in a field.
the animal on the left with its head down.
A darker colored griaffe facing the oppisite direction of the two others.
The back end of a giraffe is theonly part visible of the animal.
the red train on the right.
the red train on the right.
A brown hair man with a green shirt and tan shorts on looking at water.
A man wearing sunglasses along with a black backpack is holding a camera while looking to the right.
the bench the people are sitting on.
a metal park bench being sat on by two people.
A motorcycle to the right of two other motorcycles.
motorcycle on the right hand side with a red and yellow trim.
A flower bush over the W St. Clair St sign.
Hands holding Nintendo Wii nun-chuks.
guy playing wii.
A very grainy woman looking at a baby.
A lady with long hair holding baby.
A man in a blue shirt and shorts walking towards a hill.
Man in green shirt, camoflauge pants, bottom left of picture.
woman in yellow shorts.
tennis player.
Man in black clothes on a skateboard.
The man on the skateboard is wearing knee and elbow pads.
A woman wearing a blue sweatshirt.
A woman in a blue hoodie stretching a child's leg.
bench closest to us.
The closest bench to the camera operator that is slightly out of focus.
A grey and white bear, without a party hat.
Chair with 5 poles.
Chair closest to the camer.
The person with blonde hair, a black shirt and glasses.
A young man with blonde hair and glasses.
cheese pizza with broccoli and tomatoes.
a pizza in the plate.
the table behind the bear hide.
this is a bench pushed against a back wall.
A nelephant with an orange headdress.
An elephant with elaborate headdress to the right of a darker elephant.
A man dressed as a woman in a blue and sleep gown.
An actor on stage wearing a bluish dress and loafers, with wild blond hair.
A purple sauce.
The glass with the darkest drink.
The shirt on the person to the top right.
Man wearing a beige shirt and a decorative pendant.
The white mouse closest to the books.
a computer mouse next to a blue box.
the right section of the chair that the little boy is sitting on.
Part of a chair that is sat on b a child.
The bench on the left with someone's bag on it.
A wooden bench with no person on the left side.
a train on the tracks parked between two other trains.
The black and white train in the middle.
a man with green pants.
a bearded man plays nintendo wii.
A van on road.
vehicle in the image.
a banana stuck to two forks to the left of another banana.
Banana mounted on forks to the left.
empty bench on platform, to the left.
A wood bench sitting at the train station.
Red chair on bottom right next to large couch in living room.
brown stuffed animal closest to the wall.
A stuffed animal on a bed.
A silver knife.
A butter knife next to a plate of food.
The pink bed.
Man rearing horse facing other man rearing horse.
The horse on the left with the man that has his back to the camera.
MAN WITH WHITE HATE AND ORANGE AND BLACK SHORTS RIDNG SKATEBOARD.
A man on a skateboard wearing tennis shoes and no shirt.
the table the boy is sitting at.
A wooden table top with a white plate with a slice of cake.
An older woman in a black shirt holding hands with a man in a pink shirt.
Two elderly people behind a chain link fence watching a child play baseball.
The person furthest to the right.
The blurry ball player with his hands together.
Older women on a scooter staring off into the distance.
An old woman wearing glasses.
A man in a white shirt.
A man wearing a baseball cap.
A white lamb is standing up on the grass.
a white sheep looking at the camera.
A small folding table with a white top that is only parially visible in the image.
A white colored chair near to the table.
2 people wearing greet t-shirt.
A giraffe standing to the right of another giraffe, looking directly into the camera.
a tall giraffe to the right.
red chairs on the right behind the man.
the front part of the table.
The cushion of a couch, upon which a tray of food has been placed.
An out-of-focus piece of broccoli in front of other broccoli, carrots, and potatoes.
The big, blurry piece of broccoli in front.
A Red Sox player in the batter's box with bat in hand.
A model of a baseball payer in a white uniform.
The referee without a hat.
An umpire dressed in all black without a hat on.
A small giraffe is standing side of the thorn tree.
One Giraffe standing alone.
The banana closest to the phone.
Banana closest to phone.
person walking under umbrella.
A headless man walking in the snow in khakis.
A white bed sheet on which a cat is sitting.
a black band around a womans elbow.
The woman's purse that is hooked over her arm as she looks at her phone.
A pizza with pepperoni.
The pizza being held on a peel by the man.
A white stuffed teddy bear beside the vase with a red ribbon.
A teddy bear is placed next to a flower vase.
a man skiing over the sea.
a person surfing.
The broccoli that is upside down.
A piece of grilled broccoli sitting in front of a pile of meat, onions, and more broccoli.
small zebra.
A baby Zebra.
A sword in the woman's hand.
A sword to cut a cake.
A grown sheep is near a lamb.
the mommy sheep is keeping watch over her baby.
the chair on which the baby is sitting.
a back of a white high chair, behind the baby.
Awhite SUV to the right of a parking meter.
A white vehicle.
A lady with red aphron, opening the tin.
A woman with braids putting the lid on a jar.
a woman in a blue coat and snowshoes walks through the snow with friends.
A woman in a blue jacket and black pants.
The giraffe.
giraffe standing under tree.
The old lady sitting down wearing a white shirt.
Elderly woman in white shirt sitting between two other women.
Two slices of pizza on a plate.
A slice of piza on a plate, being held by a male with a beard.
A man in a white shirt.
Boy with white t shirt and warm colored swim trunks.
A brown horse.
A brown and white horse standing beside a white horse.
A young elephants butt.
the backside of the smaller elephant.
A pair of black skiis attached to a woman's feet.
A pair of skis below a woman in black pants.
bus that is behind the other bus.
The bus only partially seen.
man's bicycle.
Bicycle of blue shirted man.
Red color Goods Train is coming.
train.
A bed with striped sheets and patterned pillows.
A bed.
A black case with a red rag.
the top of a black piece of luggage.
The traffic signal the same pole as the Orange Ave sign.
The traffic light facing away.
A woman holding a frisbee.
A woman in a Frisbee tournament.
A picture of a blue nike backpack on the back of a man.
A guy is wearing a Nike backpack.
a vase of yellow floweres sits to the left of an electrical outlet.
a rectangle peice of dessert that is purple with a blackberry on top and a yellow and purple flower as a garnish.
a layered dessert topped with a blackberry.
A zebra looking up and away from another zebra.
The zebra holding its head higher.
A brown leather couch in front of two men playing wii.
a leather couch.
half eaten glazed donut.
The donut with the white glaze on it.
front most motorcycle.
A motor cycle in front carrying a man and a lady.
a birthday cake.
The cake everyone is standing behind.
The doughnut which is frist from the left.
A chocolate donut below and to the left of a donut with multicolored sprinkles.
The far right umbrella.
The umbrella that the woman on the right is holding.
The large orange dog.
A red golden retriever sitting on the carpet with two other dogs.
a wooden table holding a plate with a sandwich on it.
the table.
A white car driving down the road next to a black car.
A white compact sedan driving down a city street at dusk with headlights turned on.
The woman next to the cake dinosaur.
An older blonde woman in a black shirt helping a man cut a dinosaur cake.
A little girl with a pink backpack sitting on a bus seat.
A girl who is not looking out of the window.
A surfer riding on top of a wave.
A surfer wearing a black wetsuit riding a wave.
A woman in a grey shirt reaching her hand out towards food.
A female chef with a grey, slightly transparent shirt reaching into a small ingredient bowl.
A black and white cat taking a nap.
Black and white cat laying on a blanket.
Female skier looking down to the ground.
A woman in a blue coat is on skiis.
A white sheep with black face stands parallel to a tall stone fence.
Sheet standing in front of the wall.
blue colored birth with white pillow of the first class compartment is present in the image.
A bed with a white pillow on it.
the left most piece of sandwhich.
Half of a sandwich rests on a plate on its side.
black dress in a boy.
A boy wearing white socks and a black shirt.
A dark skinned female holding a piece of paper with a heart and the number 350 on it.
A woman holding a sign up wearing a white shirt.
The racket held by the player in the white shirt.
tennis racket in older mans hand.
A black and brown dog walking through the ocean water.
a bog in watar.
A small hand holding a fork, positioned on the cake.
A young boy feeding himself.
a boy with his fingers in his mouth.
the cow eating grass in front of another cow.
A bison with it's head down next to a second bison in a pasture.
a bird to the left of two other birds.
A black skateboard with white wheels upside down.
The skateboard of the skater who is in the air.
A man wearing a black cap sitting on the horse.
A man riding a horse to the left of another man riding a horse.
keyboard directly in front of black laptop.
There is a keyboard under the black laptop.
A woman putting her finger in a babies mouth.
A woman gives a baby an inhaler.
yellow stop light.
a yellow stoplight.
Zebra closest to the photographer.
Zebra in foreground.
man wearing Red Sox uniform.
A baseball player wearing a Red Sox jersey.
A black table between two chairs in the living area.
chair behind tv tray table.
the hands in which the remote are there.
the hands in the right hand picture.
a brown beer bottle to the right of another bottle.
The bottle of beer on the right.
A boy wearing a helmet while riding a skateboard on the street.
THE BOY WEARING HELMET IS RIDING ON A ROLLER SCATER BOARD.
The man in glasses to the right of the refrigerator.
A man with glassing, dressed in a grey shirt.
A light colored horse is holding a passenger next to another horse.
white horse with woman.
A man with no shirt rides a skateboard in a skateboard park.
A boy with no shirt on skateboarding.
The man furthest to the right.
A TEENAGER WITH DOTTED T-SHIRT.
a young child getting ready to bat.
A kid batting in a green jersey.
Little girl in the gray shirt flying a kite.
A little girl enjoying a kite.
Green and yellow motorcycle on the left of an identical one.
motorcycle closest to the grass.
Man in a kitchen.
A man in a hat and apron with a yellow towel in his hands.
A black and white keyboard.
The black and silver keyboard next to another keyboard.
Back half of a sport boat.
An empty portion of a boat.
a sheep  head hided in back of a sheep head.
The animal whose face is hidden.
the seat closet to camera.
Close-up photo of a woman in a winter coat on a snow covered hill and moutains in the background.
Skier wearing a knit cap.
Bed on the left with the scroll design in the mattress.
A bed with an orange, patterned sheet near a window.
A mother and baby cow together.
An orange cow with a white face and her baby standing next to her in a grassy knoll.
A banana resting on a man's forehead.
The banana on the man's forehead.
The pizza half that is rounded on the right side.
The right half of an individual sized pizza.
A WOMAN LAYING ON SNOW.
The person wearing red dress and take a rest in snow side.
hose walking a trail.
A brown and white horse.
A black book with a blue emblem sitting on a cluttered desk.
A black book with a blue engrave sitting on a table.
A small giraffe standing near two taller giraffes.
a small girafffe puts its head on another's back.
Woman wearing a white hat with a banana on it.
A woman with a banana on her hat.
A black dishwasher on the right of the kitchen sink.
black dish washing machine next to wooden cabinets.
A woman wearing a long black dress.
the woman in the long black dress without a scarf.
a man with blue shirt and white pant.
the man with white color pants.
The black bear that is on top of the log.
bear on a log.
A white car facing an oncoming bus.
The white car.
The back of the chair that the girl in the purple t-shirt is sitting in.
A chair with a metal frame.
The third horse in is holding a rider with a blue flag.
A dark brown horse with a white forehead and stripe down its nose between another dark brown horse and a light brown horse.
man in chicago 16 baseball uniform holding bat ready to swing facing right.
Baseball player in jersey with number 16 on it.
a white pony grazing.
a white horse.
SILVER LAPTOP IN THE MIDDLE OF THE OBJECTS.
Apple laptop with 5 electronic devices atop it.
A blonde girl petting a sheep in a cage.
A young girl in a green and yellow hoodie petting a lamb in a cage.
An adult elephant dragging it's truck on the ground.
The gray elephant to the right of the baby and is in front of the other elephant.
A wooden bench sitting on a metal wheel.
A bench with two men sitting on it.
A MAN WITH LONG HAIR WEARING BLUE TSHIRT.
The man holding the object with a name tag on.
Man jumping in air.
A man doing a flip.
A man hlding a wine glass with red wine.
a man enjoying wine with firends.
A grey and a red shaded cat sleeping in a suitcase.
2 cats curled up in a suitcase.
the back most train closest to white bulding.
Boy jumping up in the air on a skate board.
A man wearing a blue shirt with the words royal on it and tan pants hovering above the skateboard.
A man in a black shirt eating with a woman.
A young man in a dark polo shirt and blue jeans seen in profile at a restaurant table.
A pink double decker bus.
The pink bus behind the green bus.
The back of the toilet.
back of the toilet tank.
The reflection of a person that is barely visable.
person`s reflection in the window.
THE LEFT GIRAFFE ON THE TWO ON THE RIGHT.
center giraffe of three giraffes.
man standing in the left side with white dress.
A baseball coach wearing a detroit tigers uniform and holding a bat.
an orange cat stuffed animal.
The teddy bear that is as large as the baby.
The ankles covered in jeans and feet of a man riding a skateboard.
man on the skating board with black jeans.
The bottom right cell.
A half of a bagel with butter on it.
Man in blue shirt with a tie.
The guy with a tie.
A girl in a television.
A woman on the TV on a TV show.
A cat standing directly under the blinds looking out a window.
A cat with its two paws on the window sill.
Car parked directly behind yellow delivery van.
A old grey car behind a man skateboarding.
A man talking on a cell phone.
Person in navy shirt talking on phone.
A childs hands over the sink.
Child's forearms and hands.
The sandwich cut in wedges to the left of the fries.
The sandwich on the plate.
A blue handbag on top of some suitcases.
A blue bad sitting atop two travel bags with floral print.
man doing skateboard jump.
Boy in white shirt skateboarding on the ramp.
Small black desk chair a man is sitting in.
A black chair with a man in white shirt sitting on it.
smart cellphone furthest to the right with a purple tinted screen.
An iphone with a dim screen.
older man in the back.
Man on the right with no hat and jacket on.
A cook in a restaurant kitchen wearing white t-shirt.
A man with a white shirt and black apron.
There is one blue color truck is standing on the road along with black car.
blue and white lorry.
Close up of the side of a silver and blue motorcycle viewed from the side.
The front of a white and blue motorcycle as a girl behind a barricade looks on.
A silver gas range with a frying pan sitting on it.
Shiny top of a stove with big knobs on it.
The chair back right behind the dessert tray.
chair directly behind of the cookie tray.
Apple computer monitor on left side of the desk.
APPLE COMPUTER MONITOR TURNED ON.
The yellow table shade above the man in the foreground.
White umbrella on the left.
Zebra behind another zebra, nearest a wood structure.
A white vase made out of a plastic material.
White lamp next to the tv and remote.
A boxy car with two doors next to a car with a poodle in it.
The partially obscured van on the right.
A basket on the front of a bike.
basket in the front side of the bicycle.
a woman in white swinging a tennis racket.
A woman in a white tennis outfit throwing the ball up to serve it on a court.
A guy walking into frame with crazy tie.
A young man wearing a red and black tie and a black jacket to the left of another picture of him.
A motor cycle standing third from left.
A race bike standing second from right.
an old school bus at a monster truck rally that says white lightning.
A demolition derby school bus named white lightening.
Section of couch in corner of wall.
couch farthest.
a man on a snowboard with a striped shirt.
A guy with hanging suspenders on a snowboard.
An older man in a striped shirt embraces a woman.
The man in the plaid shirt.
the blue back end of a large truck behind a horse.
A blue truck with a horse standing next to it.
a horse standing beside a zebra.
The horse on the far left standing to the side of a zebra.
The two laptop computers that are open and that the 2 men are are working on.
A silver car parked on the street.
The silver car behind the girls.
A sidecar motorcycle being driven by two men dressed as bears.
The motorcycle with the bears on it.
A piece of chocolate layer cake on a floral patterned dish.
Chocolate dessert cake on a plate.
A plane with a flag on its tail pointing to the right.
A blue plane on the ground.
A giraffe standing close to a tour bus.
Someone sitting down wearing blue jeans.
A person wearing jeans in the background.
woman in blue outfit with glasses, holding her phone.
A woman with glasses and blue tennis shoes sits on a bench with other women.
A black couch behind the two women.
The couch behind the women.
A dark haired lady clipping a little girl's toenails.
A woman grooming a small girl.
the taller boy.
A soccer player in a green uniform.
A person in light colored pants next to a boy and a girl.
A man wearing khaki pants partially out of the picture.
the silver truck in the right hand picture.
SUV near the flagpole.
Dead goat that is not being touched.
a goat is laying on the floor with blood on its neck.
Vase with purple and green flowers and a napkin sticking out from behind it.
The vase of flowers in the lower right of the picture.
the front of a tan automobile.
A car parked on the grass and sidewalk.
table under and to right of pot that has the 3 items on it.
The shorter glass of beer that is full to the top.
The glass of beer on the right.
The black and white cow.
Black cow standing to the left of the small boy in fence.
bike on left.
The motorcycle closest to the ocean on the left.
Two women playing under a crosswalk sign.
Woman holding on to a signpost.
An urn in a museum with a stylized palm tree partially obscured by another urn.
The vase behind the others to the left.
Tennis player.
A man playing tennis.
A man in a green collared shirt uses his orange-colored phone.
Man with a collared shirt looking at his cell phone.
Boy holding baseball bat.
A boy in a blue jersey.
A red mousepad with a white mouse on top of it sit to the right of a black laptop.
A WHITE MOUSE IN A COMPUTER TABLE.
A woman in khaki capri pants holding a baby while sitting on a bench.
The woman on the bench with a white shirt.
A woman hitting a tennis ball with a tennis racket.
A tennis player trying to hit a ball.
sofa with dog.
BROWN COLOR SOFA WHERE A DOG SITTING AND RED COLOR PILLOW IS THERE.
the giraffe not bent down.
A GIRAFFE STANDING AND CHIN UP.
Airplane facing to right with Delta on the side.
A delta plane on the runway.
Top mug.
The beer mug with dark liquid.
man in blue jacket with red gloves.
Father on ski's.
The man holding the bat.
A batter in a red and white uniform ready to swing.
A woman sitting on a sofa behind two standing people.
The woman sitting on the couch.
the plate with food which is not visible fully but better than the othe.
Docked boat with a teddy bear above the cabin as decoration.
The shit with assorted decorations.
A young woman wearing a red baseball jersey.
A blonde female wearing a maroon shirt.
The green surfboard directly behind the little girl.
A green surfboard containing many names.
a man in blue skiing.
A man skiing with poles in his hands.
the vase to the right of the blue vase.
a large colorful vase on the right.
A fireplace seen behind the child's head.
black table directly behind dad and son.
the little girl wearing a bow in her hair.
A girl with a bow in her hair.
chair on left of table.
the light brown chair with a white towel on it.
The adult bear whose face is visible.
The Black bear facing facing forward.
A man with a gas mask and dress clothes with an open book.
A person wearing a gas mask.
A black tie with red and white stripes.
the tie that is being worn by the man on the right.
a yellow bus hood.
The frontmost part and headlight of a yellow school bus.
the table under the bowls.
table with food.
A breakfast sandwich with egg.
A sandwich positioned in the middle of a plate with a fried egg ontop.
a man in a white shirt and jeans holding a video camera behind a man's arm holding a tennis racket.
tennis raquet.
A woman with red hair is standing next to a woman and laughing.
A raucous red-haired woman in what appears to be a floral-printed dress.
a women was on yellow and black drees.
Woman dressed in bee costume holding an envelope.
the duck that is black.
A black ducj behind a brown duck in a pond.
A wicket keeper wearing green t-shirt and green cap standing in the middle of other two playes.
A man dressed in green, playing baseball, with a mitt on his hand.
a knife on palat.
An umbrella hold by woman.
A red white and blue umbrella.
Woman in the flower shirt holding the baby.
woman and baby.
A woman pushing an old lady.
A woman in a blue shirt.
person holding colorful umbrella.
A person standing under a multi colored umbrella.
A small giraffe whose face is entirely blocked from view.
The smallest giraffe that is standing.
The couch behind the table.
white horse on the left.
White horse with black reins, and back hook stepping forward.
White bathtub in front of glass enclosed shower with a towel hanging over the edge.
An empty bathtub.
The table top area to the left of the cake.
love bird with his back to the camera.
The bird on the left.
bed to the left.
Blanket covering child in a blue bed with a solid headboard.
A older gentleman holding a glass of wine.
An older gentleman licking his lips with a glass of red wine.
An orange with a small scar, growing on top of another one.
The top orange.
the front end of a red train.
The first half of the train that is red.
woman in black and red shirt sitting on a chair.
A woman with dark hair, a red scarf and a black jacket.
Nivea body wash is next to other grooming supplies.
The nivea bottle with a yellow label.
black cow in the image.
black cow.
Blue-grey couch.
A sofa with one blue pillow and one black and white pillow on it.
The train in the bottom right corner.
A cake that looks like a train on bottom right corner.
partial pillow.
A blue pillow.
The giraffe sitting in the grass.
Baby zebra in sunlight.
A small baby zebra.
the clock on the top right hand side.
a black clock in the top right of the photo.
A large plaid umbrella.
A checkered umbrella among a large crowd of people.
Tall glass bottle of dark yellow liquid and water.
Clear bottle on table next to the Parmesan cheese.
A man with food and a blue shirt.
A man in a blue shirt sitting on the bench.
partial left side of an urinal in a bathroom.
a square urinal with an air freshener inside the drain.
man wearing black vest.
A man with a brown tweed jacket standing with his arms crossed to the right of two other men.
A shadow of giraffe.
the giraffe on the far right.
A man in red ski boots, black pants, and a blue and black jacket looks at the camera as he skis.
man in blue ski jacket and white helmet.
SunExpress airplane on a runway.
An aircraft on the runaway.
A horse to the left of another horse.
Completely brown horse pulling carriage.
An umbrella is in the upright position behind this table.
A little girl sitting on a couch with her legs crossed.
The girl with the spotted socks.
the civilian man wearing black.
a man wearing a black t-shirts & shoe the right hand.
woman in striped shirt holding game controllers.
A woman in a brown and green striped top plays the wii next to another woman.
A man with a brown hat and shirt sitting on a boat.
A man in a gray t-shirt and tan cap sitting in a row boat.
the chair with the cat laying in it.
A wooden chair with a grey and white cat on top of it near a sign and a tree.
A woman using a pink cell phone.
woman holding baby.
The person who is hardly visible and is not holding the microphone.
Big plant pot on ground.
The potted plants behind the train.
A skiier in orange and grey with sunglasses on.
the man in orange standing with his skis crossed.
A white surf board with the words Relic Surf Shop on it.
A white surfboard labeled 035.
An umpire watching the game.
referee standing in the left most side.
A red car parked ahead of a meter.
A red car.
THE HANDLEBARS OF A BIKE PARKED ON SIDEWALK.
bike handle bars.
A pitcher prepares to throw a ball.
A boy in a dark blue baseball uniform.
BLACK AND WHITE JET WITH GREEN SMOKE.
Green and white patterned airplane on the left.
Two woman one in black eatting and the other has a white shirt at the desk.
Woman in white shirt looking down at laptop computer.
A dark brown horse with a short mane grazing on grass in front of a lake.
A chocolate-colored horse feeding to the right of another horse.
little girl holding baseball bat.
A little girl holding a yellow bat.
A man holding a game controller.
A man with short brown hair, wearing a gray sweatshirt and holding something in his hand.
This is a pretty colored flower tablecloth.
large white sofa against the wall.
A light brown sofa with two darker brown pillows sitting on it.
Trays of pizza, with pepperoni, black olive, and cheddar cheese topping.
The pepperoni pizza.
The person who is wearing a black and blue mask.
A person in a baseball uniform with blue face paint.
A subway train coming in to the depot with a yellow train.
a trani in trrak.
A man in sunglasses poses behind a hotdog cutout.
The right hot dog in a row of hot dogs.
A fruit cup on a plate next to person wearing a blue shirt.
A dish of fruit, on a plate, on the far side of the table.
The square dish to the left of the plate that has the cucumber and triangular shaped food in it.
The bowl with the triangle shaped food in it.
a car mirror.
a white truck parked near street sign.
A light colored couch near a blue couch.
A tan loveseat topped with one floral pillow.
tallest giraffe in the image.
The bigger giraffe.
A large blue cargo truck.
A truck with a blue cab.
Woman with frosting on her nose.
the woman with a party hat and icing on her nose.
red car.
a red car parked on the road.
A baby boy observing a cell phone held in the hand of an elderly man.
A baby held by an older man.
A man swinging a bat.
Baseball player wearing grey and red.
The woman in the plaid shirt.
Girl wearing a plaid shirt.
The girl with the flowered strap on her helmet.
A person with curly hair in a beige jacket.
A girl riding a elephant in the water.
A woman riding an elephant through a river with a man behind her on it.
The person wearing a purple t-shirt and blue jeans standing next to the chair.
A man in a purple shirt and jeans holding two wii controllers and dancing.
A made bed with the sun shinning on it.
bowl of greens.
A bowl of chopped greens in someone's hand.
Young boy laying in bed, mother is sitting directly beside him and darker haired brother is laying on the other side.
Kid laying on bed his hands on head.
The computer monitor directly in front of the man.
A white cmoputer monitor.
Hot dogs in the plate.
The hotdog on top of the onion.
A woman in a white shirt riding a bike.
A man wearing a red jacket holding the horse's leash.
A man in a red coat guiding a horse down a path via a lead.
the tire in front of the man wearing jeands.
wheel of the bike in the image.
A purple car.
Guy in blue and white checkered shirt standing behind a woman.
The man standing over the lady.
second giraffe on the left.
The second giraffe from the left.
A woman in green shirt.
A sandwich on marble rye next to broccoli salad.
a woman.
A woman with blonde hair.
A grey horse in harness, to the left of another horse.
A horse to the left of another one.
A woman wearing all white.
A woman with blonde hair and a blue purse.
The giraffe in the back right side.
giraffee was watchin.
black suitcase with tag and orange clothe tied to handle.
a black suitcase sitting next to a dog.
A multicolored kite flying in the park.
a kite.
The guy sitting on the bike carrying the red surf board.
A blonde headed young male surfer holding a red surfboard while riding a bicycle.
A black and white view of swimming trunks.
A black and white TV screen showing a man's shorts.
The red chair that barefoot man is sitting in.
A red chair that has a man sitting on it.
a tan couch with two floral printed pillows.
white sofa.
A bench with 2 women on it.
An orange placed behind an apple on the left side of a fruit bowl.
A orange in a bowl of fruit.
coach standing against fence.
A man in a blue-green sweater.
The middle most animal center.
The bull in the very center, top of the group of three.
A woman in a magenta blouse.
A girl in a red sweater.
A man in a white jersey, black t-shirt and black adidas shorts and sunglasses is walking towards a frisbee that another man is attempting to get.
man with a white jersey.
White boat attached to a doc.
The big boat.
A black airplane.
a toy plane flying.
bike to the left.
motorcycle seat.
batter swinging bat and breaking it on ball.
A baseball player in white and blue who is holding the end of a broken baseball bat.
Girl in plain black shirt and her game control.
A woman in a black top who looks serious.
a neon green surfboard.
A green surfboard under woman's arm.
A gray umbrella in the background.
White horses ploughing together.
A bright white horse.
the empty chair behind the woman in the light blue shirt.
there is only one empty chair in the room.
the front most basket of fries.
A tray of french fries on the right side of the red tray.
A person off screen's arm wearing a blue shirt and white pants.
man in blue shirt.
a man is getting ready to surf in water.
a player carrying a snow skating board.
The lady with the blue hat.
A woman leaning forward on skis.
A black cat with shining eyes standing on the floor.
The cat with the glowing eyes.
This is a white surfboard.
The white surf board sitting on the ground next to the man sitting on the tailgate of his truck.
Colorful tall vase with brown/orange colored leaves and vines decorated all along the body and base.
The tall glass with red leaves on it.
the smallest giraffe.
The shortest giraffe.
brown color dog in the front side.
the dog closest to the bananas that is light brown.
A brown couch with a blue jacket.
a couch with blue cover.
The woman with the black shirt.
Woman in a dark shirt and black pants leaned over fixing a plate of food at the table.
A white horse.
A white horse.
A zebra whose head is right behind a tree.
an adult zebra looking at a baby zebra.
A red velvet cupcake.
A red velvet cupcake with icing.
the person in the red hat.
Skiier on the left wearing blue/gray glasses over his eyes and a maroon cap.
A girl standing on the ground next to the men.
Girl reaching up to the sky with her arm.
Person wearing yellow sandals standing next to a Honda.
A person wearing black pants and has yellow shoe laces.
Tall giraffe behind a wooden pole.
There is a giraffe on the left and a partial view of another giraffe on the right.
a girl wearing a cap and blue short and shorts.
Girl in blue cap standing along the wall.
A woman looking over food choices at a deli counter.
woman in red t-shirt looking at display case.
The green motorcycle that is behind the motorcycle in the lead.
A man in a green shirt holds a kite.
A man in a green shirt.
Woman with blonde hair and black body suit on a surfboard.
A youg woman with long blond hair in a wet suit on a surfboard.
A serving of raw carrots in a blue container.
Baby carrots on a lunch tray.
An elephant with dark eyes.
The vehicle with a red and white square on the spare tire cover.
A sport utility vehicle with a man in a blue shirt sitting under an awning.
The blurry fork on the plate in the background.
The out of focus fork.
Blue lawn chair which the man in grey and blue jeans is sitting on.
A blue and silver folding chair is being sat on by a man with a beard.
A bottle of wine sitting on a table.
A bottle of wine on the table.
A slice of cheesecake on a plate with 2 other desserts.
The white dessert between the other two.
a white bathroom sink.
Porcelain Sink.
A large white horse in the front of the others.
A white horse looking down.
A young person with a pink shirt reaching for a dog.
A toddler boy is excited to see a golden retriever dog.
The 252 double decker bus.
A bus numbered 252.
this is a small ship next to a larger ship.
Left ship next to main.
The adult black bear.
BEAR.
lamb on far right.
a giraffe is standing near another giraffe.
the tallest giraffe.
The woman wearing the cat shirt and the man behind her shoulder.
A young man standing behind a young woman wearing sunglasses and holding a phone while taking a selfie.
blue car in back.
a blue car parked across the street.
A man wearing a North Face jacket.
A man looks down at the grown while wearing a North Face jacket.
A chair closes to the sink.
The chair closest to the microwave on the counter.
a gray elephant to the right of two other elephants.
The rightmost elephant.
A woman in a blue jacket.
Girl wearing a purple jacket.
the food in the bowl with the utensil in it.
the black bowl of food on the left.
A man in vestments perfomring a ceremony.
White bearded man in judge's black robe holding a folder.
man carrying briefcase.
the man wearing a messenger bag and holding a briefcase and an umbrella.
A man sitting indian style in front of a pizza wearing a red jacket.
A man in red shirt offering a piece of pizza to her lady love.
A man in a brown shirt and jeans.
A man wearing blue jeans and brown shirt drinking something.
A large airplane with the word American on the side.
an american airlines jet.
front-most carrot.
the red train in back.
a moving red train by parked trains.
The wooden chair.
a wooden chair with bags sitting on it.
the black container with the dark substance in it.
a bowl of chocolate sauce with a face in it.
person far right bottom corner.
A woman in white pours a glass of wine.
A good looking bowl of saled.
A bowl of various foods on a tray.
The apple in the foreground of the image.
THE RED AND GOLD APPLE WITH THE STEM STILL ATTACHED.
A red apple.
the blurry red fruit behind the green one.
A silver table that three people are eating at.
The table top that the children have their food on.
man with white collared shirt on laptop.
A man with a mustache, goatee and glasses.
A man standing near a counter.
A man standing in the kitchen working on a laptop computer.
A reflection of a silver car.
Reflection of a silver car parked on the street.
A carrot is to the left of the rest.
THE FIRST CARROT NEARER TO GINGER & GARLIC.
The part visible boat to the left of the TG14 boat.
LOOKS LIKE TO BE THE TOP HALF OF A STRETCHER.
a black seat of a bike.
a woman in a black sleeveless shirt eating a slice of pizza.
a woman in a black tank top eating pizza.
A spoon, face up with cake still in it, on a messy plate with other cake scraps on it.
a spoon with a piece of chocolate on it.
A MAN WEARING STRIPED COLOR TSHIRT BACKSIDE OF THE BROWN COLOR JACKET WEARING MAN.
A man eating a hot dog wearing a stripped shirt.
Blue antique truck.
cow with yellow tag.
The calf on the left.
man in blue shirt and blue jeans.
A man wearing Blue tshirt  with right hand on his head.
A black pick up truck with chrome wheels.
black car directly behind man in white shirt.
A man playing wii in a room with another person.
A man in a striped shirt playing the wii.
The elephant in front.
The elephant that is most visible.
a small green and brown vase next to a lerger vase.
a small green vase next to a big vase.
grey parking meter being leaned on by a man in a blue shirt.
The parker meter to the right of the other meter.
a small giraffe facing a tall giraffe.
zEBRA CALF WITH MOTHER.
woman whos face is hidden behind the flowers.
woman hidden behind flowers.
A person snowboarding in a red, white and black jacket, bending over.
snow boarder bending.
The man in the blue kicking the ball.
A boy wearing blue kicking a soccer ball.
The rail of the balcony that has a control panel in the middle of it.
Wooden guard rail sitting on right side of wall.
The visible table to the right of the bowl.
A table with broccoli curry.
man on right with camera.
An old man wearing black pants and check shirt holding camera to take photo.
The pizza above and to the left of the leaves.
Narrower vase on the right.
red vase without handles.
A baby elephant standing underneath and adult elephant.
A baby elephant stands underneath an adult version.
A man in black shirt and shorts.
A man with black hair holding two tennis rackets.
man in white shirt behind the little girl.
the part of the person behind the girl wearing a white Tshirt including the top part of the girl's white hat.
a white color bed coat.
the prominent bed.
A black calf.
black bool in ground.
The baseball player wearing number 23.
A man wearing a glove and hat on a dirt field.
A green and blue sun umbrella on a beach.
The blue and green umbrella.
A girl reaches forward and down to catch a blue frisbee as her hair flies out behind her.
the girl about to catch the frisbee.
a kid with a hat on.
A little boy sits in a boat with cans in front of him while his brother tries to sell tiny bananas.
The part of the table left of the wine glass.
A hot dog with salsa by the green flower on the plate.
A neat hotdog and bun on lunch plate.
A man with curly hair holding a surfboard.
The surfer with the curly hair.
A white snowboard with a red and black pattern on it.
the snowboard for a man with a flapped hat.
the guy standing straight up.
The man standing right of another person.
A chair with a white umbrella over it.
A chair with several papers placed on the seat.
A maroon suitcase with a blue label.
Dark red suitcase with round symbol under the handle.
A computer monitor with pictures on it with the cats head underneath it.
A large monitor standing next to a smaller one.
a man driving a motorcycle.
The man driving the chopper.
There is a brown colored horse in front of white horse.
There is a brown colored horse beside white colored horse.
a woman wearing a blue and white tennis outfit.
woman playing tennis on a court.
Women with an umbrella.
A woman carrying an umbrella and a soft drink.
The black umbrella the woman to the farthest right is holding.
darkest umbrella.
A man in a grey and black striped shirt.
The lower half of a person wearing jeans and a grey shirt.
A multicolored umbrella with ASCE written on it.
A small umbrella with a bridge on it placed in between two other small umbrellas.
Small brown animal next to larger animal.
The cow to the left of the other cow.
elephant pushing the stone.
An elephant standing behind a small rock.
The older man in the blue jacket wearing a face mask.
A man in a blue jacket and a surgical mask.
A donut with nuts.
A donut covered with chopped peanuts.
white sofa with 4 pillows.
Couch with three pillow sets to right.
Chili in a white bowl.
A bowl of soup that has beans with cheese sprinkled on top.
Boy getting his teeth brushed with the help of the father.
A child with blond hair is getting his teeth brushed.
A magazine cover with a women speaking over the phone.
A book printed on a woman holding a cell phone in her right hand and smiling.
2 women holding wii remotes smiling at the camera.
Two girls smiling.
A man standing in a green shirt.
ball boy in green in the background.
A clock parallel to the ground.
Clock face, facing down, not out.
Glass of orange juice to left of cherries.
The orange juice glass to the left of the bowl of oranges.
Black computer monitor.
A computer screen with a cartoon ninja on it with a glass cup in front of it.
A woman holding a racket and waiting to hit the tennis ball.
lady who is not playing the shot.
wooden boat to the right of 2 others.
The only boat that is completely visible.
A woman wearing a white shirt talking in the cell phone.
a woman with short brown hair wearing a white shirt who is also on the phone.
A brown color donut extreme to the class.
A chocolate donut.
The feet of a person watching television.
The feet of the individual.
a wood panel truck on diaplay at a car show.
Old car with hood open.
the hand of the third man who's face we can not see.
The hand holding a glass, that belongs to a person that is not pictured.
The boat that the group in front is on.
A sailboat on a lake.
A green plant under the exit sign in the background.
Plant to the right edge of the white wall.
A baseball catcher about to catch a pitch.
a man goal keeper.
A gray cushioned chair next to a white sofa.
a green chair.
A bottle behind a wine glass.
A bottle with brown label.
A lady sitting on the floor handling a glass with smile.
a woman wearing a white shirt.
The first yellow banana on the left.
a plastic watta juice cup with an unbent straw.
the drink that says watta juice.
A small, growing plant in a planter positioned in a window's lower-left corner.
A potted plant to the left of another potted plant.
A small blue sedan that's parked.
The blue car is parked across the street.
A half of a sandwich sitting flat on the plate.
A sandwich well placed on the plate below a sliding sandwich.
An adult elephant to the right of a baby elephant.
A mother elephant with a baby elephant.
the woman with the yellow top.
the woman with the yellow top on.
A woman with check shirt on top.
A woman in white shorts reading a book.
Baby calf nursing on its mama as she grazes,.
The calf which is drinking milk from it's mother.
Horse veering tot he side.
A white notebook with a pencil sitting on top of it.
A lined notebook with a pencil resting on top of it.
Giraffe standing straight up.
A giraffe standing straight up and looking over the fence.
The bear to the left.
The brown bear on the left.
A cake made of cupcakes shaped like a baseball bat.
A cupcake cake made into a baseball bat.
a yellow & black colour bike in stand & a men upon her.
A yellow bmw motorcycle.
The whited haired man sitting on the sofa.
An older gentleman, holding a baby on his lap.
One of four double-decker buses set up for the jump.
A woman smiling, sitting in front of a pizza with greens on top.
The woman in the blue jacket wearing a yellow blouse sitting in front of the pizza topped with greens.
The green bowtie on the dog on the left.
The bow tie on the dog on the left.
A little girl eating.
A small girl eating food.
A large chest freezer next to a small fridge.
The large, white freezer.
A green paper umbrella with a pink one in a mixed drink.
Little green umbrella with white cap top.
Silver laptop in front that is turned off.
A laptop with a metallic case and polished finish.
The boat closest to the boy.
a white yatch right behind the boy.
A cow looking at the calf in the grass field.
the cow to the left of the other cow.
the wooden table top on the right.
table top on womans left.
A child facing a mirror brushing his teeth.
the boy in the picture, not the image.
A black cat standing on the windowsill with its paws outstretched.
the cat on the right.
A spoon that is in a bowl of rice.
The spoon in the bowl of rice.
A man in a white shirt and dark shorts playing with a frisbee in a grassy park.
A man in a white t-shirt crouches to throw a frisbee.
A white car behind people and motorcycles.
Sliver car behind a crowd of people and bikes.
2 potted plants, the smallest and the tallest.
a tall green plant and short green plant to the left of another small green plant.
tall leather swivel chair near lamp.
tan chair in front of lamp.
A man standing wearing a blue shirt.
man in a grey shirt watching another man play a video game.
A cup of beans.
A white dish in the middle of two plates on a table.
A red chair at an outside table at a cafe.
A red chair.
Black computer keyboard with rounded edges.
area of keyboard where baby can reach.
bike stands in street.
A bike in which a man is sitting.
Girl in grey jacket.
the woman in the grey coat.
woman playing tennis.
A LADY WITH BLONDE HAIR WEARING A WHITE TENNIS SHIRT AND RED ATHLETIC PANTS ON A TENNIS COURT PLAYING TENNIS.
a man with red hair watching TV.
A red headed man in a grey tee shirt.
A women in blue jeans and a purple top carrying a red umbrella and pushing a stroller.
a woman wearing a pink shirt pushing a stroller.
Half of a peeled red apple.
apple pealed on top.
A glass with some plants in it.
A man in a button up shirt and jeans.
An older man wearing jeans, a black belt and a striped shirt.
The basket  which contains papaya fruits.
the fruit  basket  from the front.
A square sink in front of a mirror with the faucet to the right.
A white sink that is farthest to the right.
The orange that is touching 2 other oranges and also touching the black bowl.
an orange touching the black bowl.
a stack of indian food on a platter.
A pile of food covered in brown gravy.
Whole banana with chocolate drizzled on it.
A Sunday ice cream on well represented plate.
A giraffe standing between two other giraffes.
giraffe turned sideways but looking at camera.
A baby holding a toothbrush.
The baby is sitting inside the sink playing with the brush.
A zebra to the left of two other zebras.
A black horse with one white hoof leading two other horses.
A horse leading a line of other horses.
A white cow laying in the road.
A white cow laying in the street.
Adult zebra.
A mother zebra feeding her baby zebra.
a boy with a white shirt.
A man with a white shirt and a helmet on standing on his skateboard.
the oven next to the mna.
the stove.
A bug ship in the sea.
A large boat in the background.
The shorter vase.
A tall vase with grass that is next to a vase with flowers.
A wooden chair behind the clothed bunny.
The wooden chair behind the stuffed rabbit.
A man in a yellow shirt and hat trying to catch a frisbee.
A man with cap and yellow colour tea shirt.
A bus that says go sox on the front.
A bus that says GO SOX on it.
the chair on which the boy with blue t-shirtis sitting.
The giraffe behind the big pole.
small giraraffe.
A girl holding a blue kite with a purple border.
A girl with dark hair holding a blue and purple kite.
A clock reading 12:16 faces toward the left.
A clock with hal fof the numbers obstructed.
Pizza in the middle.
Half a pizza on a white plate.
overstuffed chair in corner.
Man getting his tie pulled.
The man.
A black dog sitting outside a chainlinked fence.
A black animal right next to a fencepost.
Little boy in striped shirt watching an adult with a knife.
unhappy toddler waiting on his cake.
Love seat with two pillows.
A two seated couch with a red and a grey pillow on it.
the brown chaise closest to the planter box with flowers.
A brown seat next to flowers.
A strawberry among other fruit.
The Strawberry fruit is kept on the table.
The monitor to the left, above the cat.
A small cup of yogurt.
yogurt in a small bolw in back left corner.
Empty couch cushion.
Sofa cushion to the right of the dog.
A pile of papers on a messy desk.
Some papers flipped open partially beneath a small book.
a baby giraffe.
The shorter giraffe looking to its left.
A man wearing shorts and a backwards baseball cap.
A man with his leg crossed.
A little boy sitting on a park bench.
A baby.
a man on his elbows in a hospital bed.
A patient lying down in a hospital.
a man in black skiing.
skier in black.
the orange furthest from the onion behind the yellow vegetables.
GUY IN RED.
The man in red.
A baseball player wearing a gray jersey with the number 2 standing with his foot on base.
number 2 man.
an empty blue vase.
The blue bottle on the right.
elephant not facing the camera.
An elephant behind another elephant.
Man wearing glasses and a gray shirt.
A woman wearing a turtleneck sweater with glasses on.
A zebra stands as another zebra mounts it.
a zebra under another zebra.
a steel cup of yellow sauce.
The yellow dip.
A surfboard with the number 62 on it.
A blue and white surfboard facing to the left.
The plastic cup of sauce that is right side up and has a lid on it.
The small plastic container standing upright.
a small closed container of white sauce.
A brown leather sofa with orange pillows.
A brown couch with dark orange throw pillows.
a woman.
a woman with dark hair.
An elephant standing in the sun on some dirt.
A table with a white bowl.
The table and contents on top in the back of the room.
The giraffe whose body is not visible.
A giraffe to the right of another giraffe.
A giraffe on the right facing the camera.
The sandwhich furthest from the edge of the counter.
The loaf of bread, more bent on the middle, and closest to the middle of the wooden board.
The man in the purple shirt in the second frame.
A boy is playing with a frisbee.
The table top behind the boy.
a tall white cylindrical vase.
A cylinder shapped vase.
The middle giraffe.
The giraffe in the middle.
a man with a yellow shirt and holding a white Frisbee.
A barefoot man wearing a yellow shirt and blue jeans getting set to throw a Frisbee.
The bottle on the right side.
A white wine bottle.
The bike with the green objects in its baskets.
A black folding chair under a shade canopy with a folding table in front of it.
The black chair under the right side of the tent.
a toyota sienna at a stop sign.
A bottle of water with a blue and white label.
the bottle of water.
A four wheel, motorized vehicle.
A vehicle behind the women sitting on a bench.
The half of the sandwich next to the fork.
A sandwich on a white plate.
Three people in a green boat.
A green boat carrying three people.
Person in blue jacket on skis.
The backpack of the last skier.
a bicycle.
a bike in the corner.
a black bull lying on the grass.
Black cow laying in a grass field.
A man in black jeans, a black shirt, and a white jacket, playing Wii.
a man wearing white coat is on a stage.
A car with the license plate 93 ww 3259.
The car with a license plate number 3259.
There is a green colored skate board being shown in the picture.
A skateboard being flipped by the feet of a young man.
A person in a red rain poncho driving a motorcycle.
person in red poncho and face cover.
A white male on a skate board that is wearing plaid shorts and a black t-shirt.
A guy in black shirt and shorts skateboarding on sidewalk.
A snack box which had apple and green salad.
An assortment of fruits and vegetables in a tray.
The empty chair across the woman.
The seat beside the box with a black bag in it.
man on far left.
A man with sweater tied around his waist.
A player with a red shirt and green shoes.
the man in the back side of the camera with white jersey with number 3.
an empty metal pan.
empty metal container behind a group of pineapples in a fruit stand.
A baseball bat next to a glove and jersey in a museum exhibit.
The bat behind the catchers mitt.
bird in the left side.
The bench next to the one the kids are sitting on.
The bench with no one seen on it.
person far left.
A man wearing black pants and a black tie.
A man with a white shirt and a black tie shaking hands with another man.
a lady with umbrella   is walking on footpath while it is raining.
A women holding a pink umbrella in the rain.
A red colour speed boat flying in the air.
A red boat with two men riding it.
chair with a cloth around it next to a another chair by a tabe with food on it.
baseball catcher bending down.
Baseball playe wearing a white shirt and white pants with a catchers mit who is crouching between two other baseball players.
man riding skateboard in midair.
A kid in a red baseball cap on a skateboard doing a trick.
A green chair underneath a wall clock.
A GREEN COLOR SINGLE SOFA WITH ADJUSTMENT.
White plastic container on a wooden table in the kitchen.
This is a dingy white bucket.
One large piece of broccoli with the flowered end down.
A piece of broccoli to the farthest right of the plate of food.
bottle with label on it.
the side of a bottle of beer.
A man in roller skates sitting at the curb.
A man sis next to a street lamp watching skateboarders.
a fluffy gray cat sitting on a womans lap.
cast sitting on somesones lap.
person in back wearing a white baseball hat.
A very dark picture of a man sitting in a chair with a white hat.
A young boy leaning on a display of bananas.
Black boy standing beside a bunch of banannas at the market.
The brown table.
Dark brown wood surface polished and shining in the light.
The zebra in the middle with its head turned very slightly to the right.
A zebra standing in the center.
The screen of the laptop on the right.
Laptop with the picture of a mans face on it.
A woman in a white dress walking with two children across a street in London, with a police officer directing traffic and allowing them to cross.
jaywalking woman.
stainless steel kitchen grill.
A metal kitchen stove/grill.
A woman with an animal print purse and rain boots is holding a clear umbrella with a yellow stripe on it.
A woman in a dark shirt holding a clear unbrella with a yellow stripe.
a sandwich directly over a pickle.
A closed sub sandwich.
A pair of yellow skis putting up.
the plate with cauliflower.
A plate with cauliflower.
An young girl in a white shirt with glasses and a bottle of water.
A woman in glasses.
A caucasian male with red tinted glasses holds a white flying disc.
a man in red glasses.
A man that is wearing a blue shirt that is playing the Wii.
A man wearing black glasses and a light blue shirt playing wii.
a white couch with green and white throw pillows.
A white sofa with several green and white pillows sitting on it.
Chair furthest from the kitchen and to the right of another chair.
The guy in the red outfit.
a soccer player in red.
White and purple mug of something.
White coffee mug with red stripes on it sitting on a table.
A black mountain bike locked into a bus bike rack.
The bicycle closest to the bus.
The white truck to the left of the jay walkers.
Man sitting down.
a man sitting by the fence watching a tennis match.
A white bus with the words Pentreband via Canton written on it.
Bus on route 60.
The skier on the right side wearing black and blue.
Skier in a blue coat, sitting on a ski lift.
A multi-colored, striped brown cat that is looking out the window next to another cat.
Gray tabby cat with strips sitting on couch.
A skier wearing yellow shoe and brown jacket.
A skiing woman in bright yellow ski boots.
black suv parked on side.
A blue car with a yellow license plate.
Man holding the hand of a little girl.
A person that is touching a child.
A man with short hair and a grey shirt holding up a wii remote looking to the side.
a man wearing a grey shirt.
A big clock face is shown from the side angle.
clock face not facing camera.
A red bus parked behind a blue bus.
a luxury bus in red and black color.
The man in pink shirt.
A nicely dressed man in a helmet standing near a motorcycle.
A child wearing a black and red snow suit with a blue helmet.
A boy on skis in the background.
A woman fixing a breakfast plate from a selection of fruit, yogurts, jams, and granola on a tray on which a green bird is perched.
A lady in a white scarf holding a plate and fork.
A woman with sunglasses in her hair.
A woman.
the mattress space above the teddy bear.
A white travel trailer with silver stripes and a door attached to a truck by a big black hitch.
The very front of what appears to be a trailer or camper attached to a truck.
A passenger boat on the water.
A white and black passenger ship waiting at the dock.
A blurry picture of a man clapping his hands.
A man in a white shirt with a brown belt.
BROWN SHEEP HEAD.
A black face sheep stainding with other sheep.
a man in a pinstripe suit sitting at a table.
man in glasses with stripped suit examining little girl.
Duck with his bill opened.
The back of a chair being sat in by a woman.
A sailboat with the numbers 68726 printed omn the sail.
The yellow sailboat.
A remote control on another controller.
A black remote control.
An un-made bed with a colored striped blanket on it.
The bed with the colorful striped blanket on it.
An empty chair directly in front of a lit up Christmas tree.
Very dark material in front of a Christmas tree.
The hot dog closest to the right trash can.
A hotdog with melted white cheese on it.
A red umbrella with a woman standing by it that say www.tropical-sails.con.
The closest umbrella.
A woman in a pink shirt and whote pants waiting for the bus.
A woman waiting in line in front of a bus.
An empty black chair closest to the windows.
Black and metal barstool next to pedestal.
bike with red lights showing.
Guy on a motorcycle in a black jacket.
A man on skis, wearing a helmet and jacket, is getting a ski lesson.
A man in a red, black, and white jacket on skis.
The red double decker bus.
A red bus.
A woman with a white shirt on and a brown purse riding on a motor scooter down the road.
A young woman on a moped wearing a white helmet.
chair next to table with white table cloth.
A chair pushed under a table with a white cloth.
Grey and yellow car following bike.
the front of a yellow and gray car with the license plate YD125U.
Beige sofa with 2 long seat cushions.
A long pink couch.
A MAN SHOWING HIS MOBILE PHONE WITH A LADY SHE ALSO SHOWING HER MOIBILE.
GENTLEMAN COMPARING CELL PHONES.
A man eating pizza while sticking out his tongue.
A boy eating a piece of pizza.
The red mug with a spoon in it.
A CUP OF COFFEE.
The back of a blue and white bike with a gold tire guard on it, with a tray on top to carry things.
The cow directly to the right of the largest cow.
A dull brown cow behind a light gold cow.
the white cake that is surrounded by the red circle of sauce.
A pastry surrounded by a red sauce.
a long white train.
The blue train is on the tracks.
A chocolate frosted happy birthday cake.
A chocolate birthday cake is in a box.
The white bedspread the man is laying on top of.
hotel bed man is laying on.
A woman using a blow dryer.
woman with heater.
Man standing in line with a orange folding chair next to him.
A man with black overcoat stading near the chair.
wall.
A brown chair slightly out of view.
The Chair on the right of two wooden chairs at a dinner table.
A giraffe sitting on the ground with it's head up.
a baby giraffe seated near a grown giraffe.
black leather strap with a metal buckle.
A cake with candles in it.
A home-made birthday cake with lit candles and streamers.
Shortest giraffe behind two other giraffes.
The shortest of the giraffes.
A black shiny cover of the wheel on a bike.
The portion of the bike on the right that you can barely see.
An elderly woman in a floral print skirt and black top.
an older woman plays wii.
A man looking into an oven.
a man in a black tshirt looking into an oven.
plaid couch right side.
Plaid sofa with two pillows that no one is sitting on.
An orange railroad car.
red train car in back.
a woman sitting on bancha.
The woman sitting on the bench.
A chair at the same table where a bird is sitting on a different chair.
A wood and metal chair facing to the left.
A black elephant decorared in jewelry.
a black elephant with a jeweled headdress.
reflection of side of vehicle beside dog.
A black color car is running on a road.
A glass bowl containing mixed vegetables and a spoon.
glass bowl of mixed vegetables with spoon.
the hot dog on the edge of the blue plate.
the half sandwich furthest from the chips.
the blue and white boat.
A blue and white boat with a red life preserver on board.
A cowboy riding a horse with a blue poncho on.
A man in a blue shirt is riding a brown horse.
Red bench on the right that is closest to the french fries.
A seat to the right of the pizza.
woman in blue shirt.
The person dressed in black and blue.
The black cat on the left.
The giraffe to the right.
The giraffe standing on the right with the baby next to it.
a black desk chair.
a black coloured revolving chair near a table.
black car with headlights on behind taxis.
A car sitting in a line of traffic behind two cabs.
teen boy with dark hair wearing short legged red wetsuit carrying a white surfboard.
boy in brown shirt carrying a surfboard and shoes.
A female tennis player, having hit the ball slightly further.
tennis player on left side.
A child in black and white sweatpants ready to catch the ball.
A boy standing near the base is ready to catch a ball.
a zebra walking behind another.
A black and white zebra behind a green plant.
catcher holding glove down.
A catcher crouching behind a batter.
The man wearing a blue jacket and read shirt underneath.
Man with black jacket smiling.
A school bus to the left of a row of buses.
The first school bus in the line.
A zebra that is following closely behind another zebra.
Zebra running behind other running zebra.
the red luggage.
red suitcase.
a brown and white dog standing.
The dog showing his teeth.
the horse facing the camera.
Giraffe parent eating food with its young.
the bigger giraffe.
Two laptops sitting on the top white shelf.
Two laptop computers sitting on the top shelf.
A traffic signal in side view.
A stoplight faces to the left at an intersection.
Smaller elephant walking to the left of a larger elephant.
smaller of two elephants on the left side.
A bus behind another bus.
a city bus following another city bus.
Man on the right in the red pinney.
A man with red sleeveless overcoat trying to get the ball.
A sheep getting touched by a human.
a sheep being petted.
A boy in a blue t-shirt playing Wii.
Boy in a blue t-shirt playing Wii with a younger boy.
A girl on the tennis court lagging while her friend is in a bag.
A WOMAN SMILE  AND STAND IN A TENNIS COURT.
A person wearing white pants.
A person in grey pants.
A guy holding a snowboard waiting for his friend.
A mean in khaki pants holds a snowboard.
the chair near the window.
RED COVERED CHAIR.
Small boy in a red shirt and baseball pants and a mit on his left hand looking up.
smallest of the baseball players.
A white police motorcycle being ridden down the street.
The motorcycle.
A partially made bed with pillows on it.
A turned down bed with pillow.
The truck to the left of the other one.
a white truck with an advertisement on the side behind an identical truck.
The contents of the dish containing carrots.
a bowl of carrots with a fork in it.
A light blue bed beneath a red bed.
Unmade bed with white sheet pulled back.
The pot and plant directly behind the Pan Am sign.
The planter to the left of the middle sign.
A late middle-aged man serving multiple tennis balls.
A man in white tennis attire preparing to serve a tennis ball.
The left portion of the sandwich.
the left half of the sandwich.
A man with a black jacket standing up.
A man in a blue baseball cap and blue jeans.
Two little girls interacting with each other on a bench.
Two toddlers sitting on a bench.
A man in a blue shirt.
a man leaning down.
A man helping two woman.
Large brown horse in front of man.
small part of a elephant visible with group of people posing back side along with another elephant.
The mostly obscured elephant.
man lying on snow in the right side.
A skier lays on a snowy slope after having fallen, while another skiier looks on.
The screen of a laptop computer.
the screen saver for the white laptop.
a tan man in white looks down.
A man looking down with a white and light blue hat on.
the first bogey of the goods train in the right side.
The cargo train to the furthest right.
An electric train have name in the white letters.
A red and yellow train engine with a white car attached.
large botted plant.
potted plant with cat next to it.
A man wearing glasses and a gray sweater.
A man sitting on a bench with a glass of beer and a dog opposite to him.
the skater second from the left.
Second frame of skateboarder jumping.
motor bike.
the blue motorcycle the man is sitting on.
ties hanging on maniquin.
A brown colored bottle with a yellow label.
A brown bottle on the edge of a table.
an easy chair with pillow.
A modern wooden framed chair with white cushions and a yellow pillow on top of it.
A monitor displaying a man and a woman.
The TV on the right with a man and women on the screen.
An empty bench to the right of another bench that has people on it.
The bench on the right.
An empty bench in a park along a waterfront with people and boats.
The zebra farthest left.
The zebra on the left.
Snowboarder in blue outfit going down the left side of mountain.
A calf drinking milk from it's mother.
cow legs.
A green parking meater with 03:55 on it.
a pay meter.
A stainless steel dishwasher with a black control panel.
A stainless steel dishwasher in a kitchen.
A man bent over behind the cigarette.
A woman with flowers in her hair cutting a wedding cake.
Nancy Reagan on her wedding day to Ronnie.
Brown leather bag sitting on chair.
chair left corner.
a man in blue shirt.
A boy, wearing a blue t-shirt and dark shorts, jumping with a skateboard.
clear glass vase that contains a yellow flower.
Light blue bottle in the middle of two darker blue bottles.
cream colored laundry bag hanging in front of the red bag.
clear bag hanging on wall.
the chair with the star cushion.
a chair with a blue pillow.
A woman is pouring beverage in a wine glass.
A woman pouring wine.
A woman in a blue top wearing sunglasses and taking a 'selfie' with another woman.
woman wearing cooling glass.
A green color sofa where opposite side of woman.
black dressed lady.
A blonde woman wearing a black shirt who is holding a pencil.
A black pair of scissors.
black scissors.
A man wearing a blue shirt trying to catch.
A man wearing a blue shirt with black shoe.
The car with a griffin as its symbol.
The black Astra with its tail lights gleaming.
A man wear red tee in the ground.
a boy in a red shirt.
Piece of cake on plate below the rest of the cake.
the piece of cake sittong on the plate next to the fork.
The browner of the two elephants who has its trunk wrapped around the other elephant.
an elephant whose trunk is touching another elephant's leg.
the microwave on the bottom.
the black faced microwave oven on the bottom.
A smiling man with a blue cap and red shirt with a black dog with his teeth showing.
the man smiling and not looking at the dog.
a guy who is wearing a white shirt that is kneeling on a bed watching tv.
A man on his knees in a white shirt.
A dark-haired woman in a purple shirt.
A woman holding a remote.
A vase containing one yellow flower.
single yellow flower in a clear round vase.
The couch beside the window.
The mayonnaise.
white mayonnaise.
The bird in front of the other bird.
A gray bird on the right of another gray bird.
A van standing behind the yellow vehicle.
A van parked behind a yellow school bus.
the man grabbing the frisbee.
a man was playing.
Man looking on an Apple laptop.
man earing black shirt with laptop on his lap.
The fork with its tines on the pear on the tablecloth.
metallic silver fork touching a picture of a pear on a tablecloth.
A women playing with the child.
A woman holding a child by the hand sitting in a armchair.
horse getting ready to get behind the truck to travel long distance.
A horse being loaded into a truck.
A skateboarder with a red helmet and a white shirt.
A young man in a skate back doing a board grab while wearing a red helmet.
a trolley behind a green classic car.
the train car behind the pale green car.
the man's laptop.
A laptop with the man's hands on it.
A giraffe in tall grass.
A giraffe walking in the tall grass, in front of a green tree.
The player who has the bat.
The man with the bat.
table go the bottom right corner.
Table which was before an old man.
a guy wearing all white on a tennis court holding a tennis racket.
A man in all white clothing playing tennis.
The cow whose rear end is visible.
Rear-end of cow with tail hanging.
A brown table with a vase sitting on it.
The tabletop the closest flowers are sitting on.
A pair of skis being held by a girl in blue.
A square plastic container of fruit.
A container with berries on the right.
tallest blue vase.
The tallest vase.
The right strap on a man's backpack, coming around his shoulder.
A wooden chair facing the sink.
A dining chair facing the kitchen.
Person with jeans, boots and tan jacket behind person with the dog.
There is pair of legs wearing jeans pant and brown shoes.
The yellow and red food truck.
A white and red food truck with yellow circles all over it.
HEAD OF REAR ELEPHANT.
A young elephant behind a larger elephant.
Man in a red hat and blue shorts.
a baseball coach with a red hat on.
the camera bag on the table next to the laptop.
a black laptop bag on a round brown wood table.
A carrot that is between another carrot and some celery.
The shortest carrot stick.
A man with black hair that has his back to the camera.
The person on the tv facing away and furthest to the left.
A man skateboarding with grey pants and dark grey t-shirt on.
A skateboarder.
Largest portion of food to the left of the carrots.
A food item made with red chillies.
A sandwich closest to the camera.
Half a sandwich on a plate facing this way.
A clear mirror with the reflection of a black cat in it.
the face of a cat in a mirror.
The wheel in the background.
A barey visible tire in the background behind the luggage.
this is a horse being walked behind another horse.
A brown horse following a boy.
A vessel cleaner box near the gas stove.
the oven on which katle is situeted.
A man wearing a white Addidas shirt and dark shorts.
Person behind tennis player wearing Adidas shirt.
man wearing red t shirt holding an empty cup.
man wearing red shirt.
The man is falling on the bed.
The man in blue in midair about to land on the bed.
A man sitting on a motorcycle with a t-shirt that says Fuck You.
closet pizza.
A PLATE OF PIZZA.
A MAN IN GLASSES DRINKING A GLASS OF WINE.
a man.
A black umbrella and a black and white umbrella lean up against some cardboard boxes.
Black and white umbrella.
LARGE TALL GIRAFEE STANDING IN A GROUP.
the boy on the blue team.
The boy in the blue uniform looking at the ball.
A lady wearing a purple shirt and black skirt.
A woman with maroon jacket is standing behind.
A motorola phone that is a flip top.
A black, closed flip phone.
A brown color dog standing near the horse.
A woman in a green top feeding a baby.
A woman wearing a green shirt holding a pink spoon up to a baby's mouth.
the clock that is on the right side of the green structure.
The clock on the right reads 6:33.
the left giraffe in the right hand picture.
the left giraffe in the right hand picture.
The back of a brown chair where the boy is sitting in front of a birthday cake.
Back of dark brown wooden chair and spindle behind boy and next to window.
The green seated bike with a man sitting on it while it is parked.
Green scooter with beige trim.
woman in blue top holding umbrella.
A woman in jeans and a blue shirt holding an umbrella.
A man wearing a black apron and a grey shirt standing up, with his body facing the door.
Black man in restaurant kitchen with his back turned, wearing grey shirt and black pants.
An ottoman on the other side of the bed.
The foot part of a rocker chair with padded top.
The hand in the corner of the photo.
arm of a person not in the picture.
A bearded man in a gray shirt.
A man wearing a charcoal button up shirt looking at his phone.
A person wearing black bent over with their hands on their knees.
A person wearing a black watch and a ring standing behind the player.
A large tuskless elephant standing with its butt near a slightly smaller large elephant.
THE ELEPHANT ON THE RIGHT.
A boy with blonde hair eating a donut with sprinkles.
The kid eating the donut.
a pizza with black olives.
pizza with black olives and pepperonis.
A giraffe on the left facing the camera.
The taller of two giraffes.
the cow with its whole body and head showing between the woman and the dog.
A greyish colored cat laying on his right side.
2 boys playing with a frisbee.
A man with blue short trousers trying to hold the frisbee.
The red baggage that has a cat lying on top of it.
A large red suitcase sitting atop another suitcase.
The orange pastry on the top left of the picture.
The pastry sealed in clear plastic.
Yellow and white airplate.
a white and orange airplane.
A man in a black jacket and khakis.
A man with black hair, tan pants wearing sunglasses and a pack on his back with a water bottle sticking out of it.
A white man trying a tie on a black woman.
The man helping the woman.
Strap on other person's shoulder.
A black backpack strap draped over a shoulder.
The tallest elephant is pooping.
A pooping elephant.
the end of an elaphant leg on the left.
Leftmost elephant peeking out.
A giraffe looking at the tree,.
The giraffe standing tall next to the tree.
A mannequin wearing a suit and a purple hat.
dummy on left side brown hat.
The second laptop from the right of the image.
The black laptop that's directly in front of the desktop monitor.
A stove with a pot.
a small silver car parked on the road side.
a man in blue sweater and jeans.
A man wearing a blue sweater.
A large gray elephant with 2 young elephants next to him/her.
The largest elephant is eating grass.
One half of a Panini sandwich and sitting on a plate.
The slice of sandwich touching the butter knife.
Sandwich on back half of plate.
the bread on the white plate.
The lone toothbrush on the left.
A blue toothbrush with green, blue and white bristles.
A BABY in the shoppa.
A baby sitting on the chair and starring at the teddy bear doll.
A man in a black out fit and helmet skiiing.
A man in a blue snowsuit on skis with a helmet and goggles on.
A woman in a green shirt is holding a frisbee.
A woman in a green t-shirt holding a white frisbee.
The side dish next to the sauce.
small container on left with orange colored food.
a man was palying.
a baseball player throwing a baseball.
White lamb stuffed animal in bed with a baby.
A white teddy bear.
pizza on the table.
Whole pizza on a plate with man and woman sitting at the table.
the stovetop and oven.
A white stove with two pans on top.
the zebra in the middle of the other two.
A full hot-dog in front of two others.
A piece of cheesecake with a fork lying next to it.
The triangular slice of dessert.
An airplane with 2 trucks lifting load.
An airplane having things loaded onto it from large containers.
The table top area around the hotdog and soda.
The table portions without food objects.
a chair on the right side.
Chair facing window.
A man in a pink shirt looking at a wii item.
man with pink shirt.
A white truck with blue and yellow markings.
Police truck.
Glass with very dark liquid cold enough to form condensation, and not sitting on a napkin.
A glass filled with dark liquid has condensation on the exterior.
The left most giraffe that is looking to the right.
a medium sized giraffe standing in front of a zebra and a tree.
boy in yellow on right.
A teenager wearing a yellow outfit while pointing with his right hand.
A plate of green vegetables.
green leafy vegetables.
A young boy wearing grey sweater and pants.
The grey dressed kit ready for his turn to play.
A bench with rocks in front of it on the beach.
A wood bench.
The tablecloth seen between the plates.
a woman in blue to the right.
A woman with black ponytail wearing green shirt trying to catch a frisbee.
A women wearing Green t-shirt.
The elephant facing right.
the elephant facing right.
Man in blue and white tie standing with his arms crossed listening to another man talk.
A man standing with his arms crossed.
the cycle in the back side of the man.
A white chair that is partially obscured.
Black framed chair in front of record player.
a bike next to a pole.
the bicycle with the black bag.
A tagged large red suitcase being carried by a woman.
The red suitcase that does not have another piece of luggage on top of it.
an elephant in a stream with a man and a woman sitting on top.
An elephant in water up to its stomach carrying two human passengers.
The unoccupied green and red cart next to the man in the white shirt.
a blue rickshaw with a red roof and seat.
The small boat in front of the other small boat.
A small boat winning a race with another small boat.
reflection of person getting cut.
The reflection of the back of a lady's head in the mirror and the photographer with a camera seen in the picture too.
3 PERSONS NEAR A HORSE.
a mans arms leaning over a fence are being investigated by a horse.
A woman with a gray hoodie clapping her hands.
The woman in the white shirt is clapping.
A black color handbag holded by a lady.
the black bag on the woman's lap.
A BLACK COLOURED REVOLVING CHAIR.
A black computer chair on wheels.
vegetarian pizza on board above door handle.
A pizza to the left of another pizza.
A woman wearing black.
a woman in all black.
a white car following a tow truck.
this is a white car behind a tow truck.
A horse with blinders on pointing its head forward.
the horse in the top picture.
Man in green shirt laughing.
A guy in a dark green shirt.
A blue bicycle.
Handbar, seat and mud guard of a cycle.
the rightmost spoon.
The blue patterned tie over the shoulder of the black coat.
Blue and black diamond checked tie slung over the right shoulder of the guy on the right.
The adult behind the kid.
A person standing near a small boy.
A zebra slightly covered by another zebra.
The zebra that has another zebra's head resting on it's backside.
a man wearing blue colour shoe with pink lace.
black pants and black shoes of a person standing on a green bench.
An opened glass blender with papaya in t.
The blender that has its lid off with the orange stuff in it.
A hot dog with saurkraut on it.
The hot dog and bun closest to the camera.
A MAN WEARING A BLACK SHIRT AND WHITE TIE.
Man in white tie.
the bottle of beer with the gold label.
The elephant whose rear end is visible.
The tail of an elephant next to another excited elephant.
The giraffe between the other giraffes.
A giraffe in the middle of the pictures with darker spots then the others.
A lady wearing a blue top and jeans is also wearing a white cowboy hat.
A woman in a blue shirt holding two horses.
A recliner on which a man is sitting with black t-shirt.
couch to the left.
The sheep that is looking into the camera.
A white sheep with a black head and legs staring at the camera with one eye.
the fork to the left of the plate, face up.
sandwich on toasted white bread.
A bread sandwich on the plate.
A child wearing a green shirt and a paper hat.
a baby wearing a paper hat.
A zebra behind another bent and grazing.
Zebra eating grass all the way in the back.
a spoon in a bowl of jelly.
A spoon lying in a silver bowl of brown liquid.
woman on left.
a woman in a black shirt.
a young asian man plays wii.
A boy standing playing video games with glasses and a hat on.
Dark colored sheep in the middle.
A dark-colored lamb between two light-colored lambs.
The man in black without a surfboard.
A man in a wet suit with no surf board.
The side of a car is depicted in front of a public bus.
corner of silver vehicle.
a dark haired woman in a light blue shirt touches her laptop's touchpad.
A woman wearing a blue shirt.
A man holding a large teddy bear.
The man with the teddy bear is wearing a watch.
the man in black in the right hand picture.
A catcher in black.
A person in a black jacket on skis.
A cross country skier leading the way.
A baby with cake on her face wearing a dress.
A toddler in a pink party hat with cake all over her face.
A black cat.
A black cat.
a banana to the left of some other bananas.
The far left banana in the bowl.
A man sitting and watching video game.
A man in a brown T-shirt with dark curly hair.
A tall giraffe over a brown patch of grass.
the taller giraffe.
A man has a blue jacket on with a black hat.
a man in a blue outfit.
A man holding a pole in front of an elephant.
A man wearing orange cap back to the painting.
A skier in red.
A boy wearing a red ski suit skiiing.
zebra standing on the left corner without eating grass.
zebra whose head is not facing down.
An apple that is directly under another apple.
red apple with only half showinf.
A wine glass that has slightly more liquid than the other.
The glass on the right.
black bear in back.
a black bear.
The empty chair.
an empty chair with a red cup in front of it.
man standing behind person hitting ball.
a man in a black shirt behind the fence.
Laptop sitting under another laptop that is in pieces.
The train behind the red stop light.
a small zebra is standing in the middle of a bigger one and a smaller one.
the middle zebra.
a grey love seat with a person on it.
The gray couch seat someone in the back is sitting on.
A plastic container holding three hotdogs.
clear rubber box with the hot dogs that has yellow stuff on them and is next to the scissors.
Two giraffes with one eating and another looking away at the zoo.
The taller giraffe with his neck outstretched looking at something.
Skier on right.
The skier on the viewer's right.
A man in a black t-shirt leaning over a laptop.
The guy in the black t shirt that is leaning forward to type.
An Apple MacBook with colored keys.
A laptop with a rainbow colored keyboard.
pizza with broccoli topping.
A pizza with cheese, sauce and broccoli.
A plate full of spaghetti on the table.
the plate of food.
A dark brown horse carrying a person in white chaps and blue shirt.
a darm brown horse ridden by a lady in blue.
White Microsoft keyboard with beautiful shape.
A white keyboard.
A man in a red cloth washing an elephant.
A man in red shorts scrubbing an elephant's trunk.
A red trailer on the right side of the picture.
A man playing tenese.
The man in the picture on the left.
The chair at the end of the counter.
Someone watching someone taking batting practice from behind a chain fence.
Man in blue shirt and green shorts seated on bench.
The batter with the blue helmet.
A baseball player dodging an incoming ball.
A man wearing a black and red shirt holding a skateboard.
A man on the road holding a skating slidder.
A rose cup with a handle containing some black tea.
A pink coffee cup with someting in it.
The gray chair in the bottom left.
A light tan love seat couch.
Plane facing away from hotel passing low building with four dots.
The plane facing to the right on the right.
The person cooking's shirt.
chef's clothing.
the green chair on the left nearest to the camera.
the closest green chair next to the other green chair in the right hand picture.
A green and blue ski.
A bright green and black set of skis being held by a person on a deck overlooking snow covered mountains.
table on right.
The right side of two tables setup.
A table holding a vase with sunflowers in it.
a white table with a vase.
Clock on the left reading 10:19.
clock that says 10:19.
Boy in yellow shirt.
A boy standing in the sand next to another boy holding a giant frisbee.
a base ball player playing.
A baseball player who just has hit a baseball with his bat.
ambulance.
an ambulance.
A red umbrella is strapped to a blue bike.
red umbrella.
Black backpack with red trim.
A black trolley that is lying behind a man wearing beige colored trousers.
A double decker bus that says 'Leroy' on the side.
A jovial car with letter LEROY written on the side.
The microwave which on top of the other.
A grey empty microwave with an antenna on top of it.
An elephant in the back of a pack.
A huge elephant walking away with a rider in orange.
A black car parked behind a stuffed bear.
A green toothbrush with an arrow pointing to it.
A toothbrush in between a red toothbrush and a purple one.
The man holding the tennis racket.
The man holding the tennis racket.
A white drink in a glass with a straw.
The white drink.
Horse standing on the left of the picture.
a man was sitting on horse.
A man sitting on bench touching his lip.
a man sitting on a bench in the background with a finger in his mouth.
A bunch of bananas under a yellow, red and blue umbrella.
A colorful umbrella above bananas.
A person travelling with a suitcase and a handbag.
A person with a light coat and patterned pants in a black and white photo with luggage.
a girl in pink.
The young girl in the pink shirt.
A baseball player hitting a baseball.
A baseball playing swinging a bat.
A snowboarder in the air.
A person in a green striped shirt and yellow pants on a board in the air.
Two hands holding a sandwich.
The person who is holding the food in both of their hands.
A man in a black and white wet suit carrying his surfboard down the street.
The surfer with the least shiny surfboard.
a person in blue shirt watching skateboarders.
A person with blue t-shirt watching the skating race.
a slice of pizza with no crust.
A golden colored blanket.
The sheets that the cat and stuffed bear are laying on.
An elephant taking a drink of water from the river.
An elephant sucking water.
the bird that you can't see the feet of.
white swan to left of other swan.
The red and yellow apples in the bowl.
The lighter colored giraffe that is in front of the other.
A giraffe in front of another giraffe.
Man sitting on bed with red hair petting a dog.
The boy with red hair is petting the dog.
A clear umbrella with a plain black border.
clear umbrella with thin black rim held down.
A wide stance on a skateboard.
Skateboard on the right.
A trailer that is used to transport horses.
The trailer behind the lady, and a horse.
A circular artwork on the outside of a church and under a clock.
The lower clock.
A parking meter to the left of another parking meter.
A opened meter with the top opened at a 90 degree angle.
A white and black chicken with two other chickens on the right side.
A grey chicken standing with two brown and black chickens.
A table is in front of a man and a dog.
A table shines with a dog's paw hovering above it.
A girl in a blue dress.
A girl on an inflatable ball, in a blue dress and a red hairband.
A dog sleeping on a couch, resting his head on a dark brown pillow.
The dog resting his chin on a pillow.
the table area to the right of the desert in the right hand picture.
an empty space of table to the right of some cake.
Register Note Book.
A black notebook with dark brown corners and dark brown spine.
woman playing a video game.
Woman flinging her hands up.
a chocolate iced cupcake.
One of three pastries in a box with a white sqiggley line on top of it.
The table in front of the woman in purple.
Table arranged full of drinks in glasses in front of lady wearing violet shirt.
A blonde man with black shirt standing outside next to a man with blue shirt and the man who is focused  in this picture with face paint and white shirt and black half jacket.
A MAN WEARING BLACK COLOR BLAZER AND WATCHING ANOTHER MAN.
Yellow object beneath the two rainbow umbrellas.
The blue umbrella with the Chevy emblem on it.
A blue tent with a logo on it.
large pieces of cut up brocolli.
Broccoli curry in the plate.
white bowl with spoon sticking out, empty.
Two bananas.
A man in a black T-shirt doing tricks on a skateboard.
a man skating in road.
The keyboard on the left laptop.
Woman in blue jacket and dark pants holding the reins of a horse.
A woman wearing a blue jacket.
Top view of larger of two broccoli florets to the right of the knife.
A piece of bracolli on the right side of the knife which is bigger than another piece.
The motorcycle is parked.
A black motorcycle parked near another silver motorcycle in a parking lot.
A bag strap is on this girl's shoulder.
Strap of a shoulder bag worn by a girl.
A giraffe lying in the background.
giraffe laying on ground.
woman holding tennis raquet.
a woman.
A roast beef sandwich on top of two quesadilla.
a toasted sandwich with meat and lettuce.
bottom left donut.
A doughnut with a heart shaped hole.
The umpire in the yellow shirt.
REFREE IN YELLOW AND BLACK UNIFORM.
Laptop which is middle of two others.
laptop in middle of 3 laptops.
bike which is to the right of another bike.
a red and white motorized bike in front of an orange and black bike.
green apple closest to bananas.
A green apple that is halfway behind a banana.
A woman in a gray shirt and black pants sitting on a brown couch reading a magazine.
Person sitting on the sofa.
a griffee eating food.
Giraffe closest to the camera.
the bowl of soup on the right plate.
bowl of tomato soup.
The red and yellow portion in the center right of the cake.
Three dials on a meter box lined up.
A street light attached to a post that is off.
PERSON WITH ADDIS SHIRT ABOUT TO GET HIT IN HEAD WITH ORANGE OBJECT.
The man in the black adidas sweater.
Left horse.
A brown horse is riding with someone on its back on the left side.
A zookeeper wearing all khaki colors and a hat.
A man is feeding giraffe.
A small boat is on the shore beside a body of water with a few cars parked nearby.
A boat next to a car.
A spoon in the bowl of rice.
Spoon handle.
A man wearing a yellow socks and red shoe.
the kid on the right whos partially visible in the right hand picture.
The legs of the person in the back seat furthest away.
blue jeans on person sitting behind person wearing gray jeans and yellow jacket.
legs with shone with white strips.
The suitcase to the far left.
A brown suitcase being held by a man in a beaver mask.
the sheep the man in blue is holding.
A ram with its horns being held in the hands of a farmer.
a group of yellow melons.
yellow mellon fruit in background.
The plaid shirt.
Person wearing blue, red, aqua, and white plaid button-up shirt.
The hotdog bun on a piece of foil.
A bread with breadstick in the wrapper.
A tall giraffe in back of two other giraffes.
3 giraffes standing.
A red haired woman in purple and blue stripes sitting at a table.
a woman with a striped blue t-shirt along with her husband.
The back of a school bus that is between two other school buses.
A school bus parked between two other school buses in a lot.
The pink and black lizard balloon with blue eyes.
Large pink and black balloon.
person in red and white jacket.
A man standing on skis with a red and white jacket on and orange tinted goggles.
A person wearing a striped shirt with a transparent umbrella.
A man with a striped shirt.
child brushing his teeth with his sister near by.
A boy in a red splattered shirt.
a sandwich sitting on a plate.
Toasted sandwich with bacon on it sitting on a plate.
A blurry part of an animal that is not completely visible.
ear of an animal not in the picture.
A yellow boat.
A yellow boat sitting along the curb in a canal.
A giraffe looking towards the people.
The giraffe staring towards the camera.
a man eating a pastry.
A man holding a couple of bags wearing a black longsleeve shirt eating food.
A child smiling on skiis in the snow.
a little girl dressed in pink winter clothes standing on skis.
A man with a mobile phone in his hands and a lap-top computer in his lap.
The person with an apple computer on his lap.
An umbrella over a dog.
the umbrella covering the dog.
A zebra showing its backside.
adult zebra standing to the right of a young zebra.
The laptop in which the man and woman silmultanuesly looking into.
The apple laptop in which a man and woman are both looking at.
Women holding a white game remote, with POW written in red over it.
A woman playing video games.
the laptop on the left.
A lap top of grey color which is kept on on the table with pages opened.
A man with no shirt reaching to get a donut.
a dude not wearing a shirt.
baby giraffe.
A baby giraffe standing behind an adult giraffe.
top half of panini sandwich.
The man waiting for the other man to throw the frisbee.
a man is run.
A woman wearing a white shirt being served at the till of a cafe.
black color dressed woman in front of the billing counter.
woman with her foot in the air.
Woman in black pants and white shirt swinging a tennis racket.
the man wearing a dark jacket and jeans.
White bald man.
reflection of the person holding umbrella.
the shadow of the man holding a black umbrella.
a young boy in a suit with an orange tag.
The boy smiling with his teeth.
Skater with an orange shirt and pink helmet on a skateboard.
A child wearing a orange shirt and trying to skateboard.
Long train next to the couple.
An elephant with a light gray truck standing next to another elephant.
An elephant with a pale trunk rummages through a pile of vegetables at its feet.
The bike being pushed in the garage.
A white color scooty, pushed by a girl.
Some bananas on a plate.
CUTTING THE BANANA WITHIN PLATE.
a white boat to the left of two other boats.
boat with white pole sticking out from the top.
a black umbrella, being held by a person in jeans.
A pair of skis being used by a man in a grey jacket.
the skis of the guy in black and grey in the right hand picture.
A boy playing baseball.
A young boy wearing a helmet is holding a baseball bat.
A sleeping white cat with pink collar.
Dog on a bed.
Aluminum pan on a counter beside a black small device with antenna.
A silver tray with food crumbs on it.
a kid eating a pizza.
A yougn girl eating pizza.
WOODEN CHAIR TOP.
The back of a chair on which is sitting a boy in a blue shirt.
The upper half of a table.
A black table around a glass of water.
The sink in the middle of the others.
A tie that has the pattern of the american flag on it.
usa flog.
the white car closest to the grass.
light colored car parked behind a tree.
a pizza with fresh raw spinach on top.
A pizza pie with green leaves in top of pie.
One of the small Elephant facing towards the Jeep.
a baby elephant staring at a jeep.
The screen behind the keyboard with black keys.
A black rectangular monitor beside a square monitor.
First elephant on the left.
The elephant in front of the other one.
COVERED FRUIT PLATE.
a bowl of fruit with plastic wrap still on.
A giraffe trying to eat the food that the other giraffe is eating.
a giraffe getting something to eat behind another.
The child in the back wearing a pink and white shirt.
The person who is wearing a white shirt.
A man riding bicycle on a bench.
A man in a blue shirt doing bicycle tricks on a bench.
the sofa at the right side.
A cushioned chair with flower patterns.
The object that the blond haired girl is sitting on.
An empty wine glass.
The glass in the top right corner.
train with red highlights.
a clear glass on the table.
A glass of water.
Cell phone on right side of table, center.
a white cell phone.
brown bag.
the elephant's backside on the far right.
A white sheep with small white tufts in the forehead.
A sheep behind the others and left of another.
Seated boy and his skateboard.
boy sitting with skateboard on his lap.
A big brown stuffed teddy bear behind a white teddy bear.
large brown teddy bear in the back.
a grilled piece of bread.
half of the sandwich that is standing up.
a gray bear next to a few little ones by the water.
A large bear.
A banana lightly spotted.
A banana that looks more yellow than two other bananas.
A woman in white holding a suitcase.
the side and arm of a person gripping their carryon luggage.
the right bottom goat in the right hand picture.
The sheep whose black face we cannot see.
woman in blue.
Girl in a blue shirt.
A rear bicycle ride.
the front tire of the bike that's hidden behind the red wheels in the right hand picture.
A squatting baseball umpire behind home base.
A man in black T-shirt behind the keeper.
motorcycle that the police officer is sitting on.
A motorcycle with the plate BX59.
A red virgin airlines plane with a white tail, preparing for takeoff.
A red airplane.
the boat in the front of the picture.
A black, white, and orange boat with a boy on it.
THE FIRST OF FOUR FLIGHTS WHICH IS CLEARLY VISIBLE.
A man wearing blue shirt sitting in the back in the two weeler.
A man in a blue shirt rides passenger on a motor bike.
An unoccupied wooden chair.
wooden chair in the back side the man.
A brown colored chair back.
black and green stirped surfboard.
The green and black surfboard.
horse running in center.
the lighter colored horse.
A woman in a green sweater playing the Wii.
the woman closer to camera.
Glass dining room table sitting to the left of fireplace.
The glass table.
girl wearing black and yellow suit holding a green and yellow surf board.
A women in a surfing suit holding a surfboard.
A parked car which is used to lock a bicycle parked next to it.
classic car with bike next to it.
A black animal climbing the log.
A bear standing with its front paws on a log next to another bear sitting down.
A bench that has three old women sitting on it.
A wooden park bench.
A lady wearing green playing wii.
A woman holding a wiimote.
The sandwhich split in half.
The half of the sandwhich you can see the most of.
Adult elephant.
tallest elephant between two smaller elephants.
Little girl with blond hair sitting on grass.
a blonde little girl is sitting on the grass with a light pink jacket.
A boy who is missing his two front teeth poses with bread in his mouth.
A smiling boy in a red hat with two banana halves sticking out of his mouth.
A man in a funny hat looking at a cell phone.
A man in a knit winter hat holding up his apple phone.
A man in sunglasses and a hat looks at a small plane with a man.
A man wearing a black hat.
The gentleman on the left side of the photo who is wearing a blue shirt with gray stripes on the shoulder. He is also wearing a gray baseball cap.
man with a big smile and wearing a blue shirt.
An unoccupied boat, docked right next to an occupied boat.
a boat in the water and snow.
Woman in a black jacket with her mouth open.
A woman wearing a black jacket with mouth open.
The zebra that's center, facing to the left.
The zebra close to the camera and in front of giraffe.
a red pet umbrella with white images of a fan and a dog.
A Happy Dogs red umbrella is being held by a female in a blue shirt.
A GIRL HOLDING THE BANANA AND SIDE POSITION BOY SMILING FACE.
A person holding a peeled banana.
A tall bottle with a silver and blue label.
Bottle of water placed on the dinner table with the family.
Young child wearing a blue ski jacket, grey ski pants, a helmet and goggles.
child in bule right side.
wicker basket containing plastic bags of something.
The third bowl on the right that has baked goods/fruit in them that the woman is selling.
The white car that is coming towards the picture.
A Chevy pickup passing through a construction zone.
A car behind the car whose back was opened.
Dark vehicle in the background.
Asian boy eating pastry.
A kid with dark hair eating a donut.
boat furthest from crain cockpit.
A boat with a large ladder and a control room on the water.
A piece of broccoli is mixed into a dish that contains carrots and rice.
A bicycle behind the woman on the right.
Bicycle in the right image.
Man in yellow shirt behind batter.
The coach standing begind the batter warming up.
a dog sitting on the bonnet of a goods carrier.
A dog sits on the hood of an old truck.
A box of green apples in the first row.
GREEN COLOR APPLE WITH MANY OTHER FRUIT AND VEGETABLES IN FIRST POSITION OF THE APPLE.
Motorcycle parked on side of road.
A black and white photo of a motorcyle parked.
Small Baby Eating banana with her mom.
A baby eating a banana.
The wheels of the banana cart.
A blonde woman is held by a surfing man.
A girl being held up in the air by another man while the man is waterboarding.
woman that is tallest in the photo wearing green.
A young Indian woman.
The outermost right banana in the group of bananas. It shows a barcode that is being slightly covered by the right lense of the sunglasses.
banana on right.
A boy wearing head protection and kneeling on the ground.
A boy wearing a helmet and kneeling on the ground.
A large amount of oranges sitting on the ground.
piles of orange and green oranges.
A boy on a skateboard.
The person on the skateboard.
A bear whose back in showing.
The bear whose back is visible and lying down in front of the other bear.
A man standing with folded hands and watching the other man who is speaking on a mobile.
The monk whose head is partially behind a leaf.
a blue chair that has been turned into a wheelchair with pvc pipes.
a chair in room.
a man wearing helmet is standing behind a batsman.
A man in blue is wearing a mask on dirt.
Slice of pizza with jalapenos and cheese on it.
The slice of pizza that is still in the triangular container.
a curvy couch in a swanky room.
the curvy chaise lounge.
The girl has on a blue and white hoodie.
a girl smiling eating a donut.
little girl wearing blue sweater eating doughnut.
The bus on the right.
The bus no is 1232 and it is on the left side.
An older man with purple gloves and long sleeved shirt riding a bicycle.
An old man riding a bike that has a purple glove on his left hand.
A woman crouching down and drawing something in the sand.
a person kneeling down.
woman playing Wii.
The woman standing up playing the game.
A clear glass with tea, lemon, and straw in it.
A glass of tea with a slice of lemon.
the blue van.
blue van.
A large baby elephant walking down the dirt path.
A baby elephant.
the white car behind the motorcycle.
A small white car parked in front of a store.
The butt of a cow behind a full cown.
cow not drinking out of toilet.
Sandwich half with bites missing.
The sandwich being held.
A barge in the background.
large boat.
Vacant brown wooden chair with a cushion on it.
An empty wooden chair sitting directly behind the motorcycle.
white and red biplane flying behind another identical biplane.
A kid lying down.
Child with white shirt on ground.
The toddler holding the stuffed animal.
A toddler boy in blue sleeper pajamas holding onto a stuffed animal.
The second apple from the top, it is mostly green and it is almost in the absolute center of the photo.
The apple that is next to the bananas whose stem is visible.
a plane with 25 on it.
The airplane to the right with 'ZC 130408' plane.
An elephant sand bathing.
ELEPHANT.
The apple next to the on with its stem exposed.
apple on the top right.
A MAN SITTING ON THE CHAIR WEARING WHITE HAT.
elderly man in white shirt sitting on bench.
Red sleeve arm.
The red sleeve of a person.
The man riding the blue board.
paddle boarder on blue board.
woman walking down sidewalk looking at cell phone.
A WOMAN IN A TAN DRESS WALKING AND TEXTING ON HER PHONE.
A woman skier wearing green.
Woman in green coat on skis smiling for the picture.
A teddy bear with only one arm visible.
A teddy bear with its arm behind another teddy bear.
A MAN WITH BEARD WEARING BLUE SHIRT WITH HIS FRIEND.
a man with a beard.
a ceramic vase with yellow and red flowers on it.
The right hand slice of pizza on a white plate.
The slice of pizza on the right.
black car with white fender and drivers arm out the window.
Black car behind the bicycle.
A red bus with the number 419.
Red bus with people boarding it at terminal.
A parrot perched on a book.
A parrot eats seeds on a book.
the cow with a white triangle on his head.
A brown cow lying down behind another cow with black on its' face.
on old boat with a paddle inside.
Woman in a floral dress, wearing a captains hat.
lady left with sailor hat.
big elephant.
A sad looking elephant. damn.
The bird on the top looking to the left.
A sleepy bird next to another bird.
the surfboard closest to the ocean.
man in blue coat and sunglasses.
Dark skinned man in white hat, white pants, and black coat with white trim.
A skier in a blue parka, black pants and goggles skiing downhill.
A man skiing wearing goggles and a blue jacket.
A man with a gray hoodie and glasses.
A man wearing glasses and a wedding ring making a silly face.
The bat that the player is trying to hit a ball.
The racket and the arm that is holding it.
The couch to the left of the giant dog.
Brown sofa of a man whose is with white shirt.
A dark-grey laptop sitting next to a light gray laptop.
the gray color laptop is place on office table.
A large grey african elephants standing behind the first elephant.
2 elephants with white tusks standing next to each other.
The zebra in the foreground to the left of the other zebra.
A zebra facing the camera man's right.
A Blue color cat drawing plate.
blue dish with cats painted on it.
The giraffe that is further away from the camera than the other giraffe. It is between the giraffe in the background that is lying down, and the giraffe that is in the foreground that is closes to the camera.
Giraffe head truns right.
A motorcyclist in a helmet.
person with helmet.
A group of purple flowers behind the chair.
Flowers are growing out of the ground.
A man in a park wearing red clothes playing with a black and white ball.
Light haired man wearing red shirt and shorts kicking a soccer ball.
A seated baby giraffe.
A baby giraffe lying down on the ground.
the lead elephant with it's baby following closely.
the elephant leading the pack.
A girl with his friend watching somthing.
An adult on skis.
A person wearing yellow shoes and red skis.
A pizza near 2 white plates.
a pizza on a round black dish.
The baseball player pitching a ball.
a pitcher winding up.
A giraffe to the left of another giraffe.
The larger of two giraffees with darker skin coloring.
Snowboarder wearing #1 jersey.
A man in green pants snowboarding down a mountain.
A man holding an umbrella.
A man in glasses sitting on top of an elephant.
White work van with black lettering.
A white delivery van with black advertising on the door.
A boy in brown sweatshirt playing wii.
A boy in a brown sweater playing a video game.
Toddler with a blue bucket and yellow hat.
A child in a yellow hat holding a blue bucket.
A young boy holding a Wii steering wheel.
A boy in a grey shirt holding a white plastic wheel.
Two fine forks set upon a table next to a cell phone.
a fork in between another fork and a knife.
batter.
The baseball player wearing a white uniform that is up to bat.
A lady in a black hoodie looking to her left.
The woman in yellow.
A BLACK CAT SLEEPING NEXT TO ANOTHER CAT.
The cat that is black.
A CHAIR WITH CLOTHING DRAPPED OVER IT.
Brown towel with flowers on a black stool.
A black resturant dining chair, with the light shining in the back.
A container holding an orange.
A compartment with an orange.
A baby elephant walking behind another baby elephant.
a baby indian elephant following another baby indian elephant near water.
A chocolate donut with chocolate sprinkles.
chocolat covered doughnut with chocolate sprinkles.
orange chair on left.
The front right leg of a partially obsucred chair, the furthest to the left.
Two black horses pulling a wagon.
Two horses tied up to the front of a cart.
A brown and white dog lying on a bed with blankets and a white dog.
A brown dog.
a persons hands standing next to the woman.
A person behind a lady in a hat.
Baseball player in a Detroit Tiger's Uniform and helmet with their signature D holding a bat.
baseball batter ready for the pitch.
A light cat with a bell around its neck, looking at a black cat.
WHITE COLOR CAT STANDING TGHE ANOTHER CAT.
A man in red holding a surfboard.
Man in the middle with his arm raised.
A brown wing-back chair sits in the corner of the living room.
A small green and brown love seat.
A green chair with a boy in red sitting on it.
green chair the child is sitting in.
small opened container.
woman comb herbaby's hair.
A woman with brown hair leaning over a baby.
A woman hitting a tennis ball.
A woman in a pink dress and white shoes is about to hit a tennisball.
Three slices of pizza on a white plate.
Plate with three slices of pizza.
wooden table under plates.
A brown table that food and drinks are sitting on.
A dark brown giraffe leaning over a lighter giraffe who is eating.
A glass of drinks on a table along with pissa.
A man with a goatee about to skate down a wall.
A MAN READY TO FLOW SKATING PLATE.
black motorcycle man in black is riding on.
A motorbike being ridden by two people.
A boy in a blue and black soccer uniform chasing after a soccer ball.
a boy in a blue uniform playing soccer.
Teddy bear on the right with the black cap.
A bear is a wearing black coat and hat and sitting on the beach.
A giraffe bending its neck down to the ground.
A giraffe eats grass off camera.
The skis of a person who has fallen.
Broccoli head visible at about the 11 o'clock position.
the back most chunk of broccoli.
The elephant in the back.
An elephant in the background.
A toy horse to the right of a group of toy horses.
A man mixing ingredients in a bowl.
The man in the black apron who is mixing something in a bowl.
A three seat sofa.
The bigger green couch.
a women was raning.
The girl running in white.
a black coloured car is parked between two cars.
large green plane facing small white vehicles.
A large, lime green plane with black propellers sitting on the tarmac.
The white truck in the background.
The truck most in the background.
A white van with blue snowflakes is parked on the side of the street.
A green bag of lemons.
The bag of lemons.
The man with a tie looking at the camera.
a man with hands in pocket(white guy).
a man with short black hair with both feet on the ground.
Female player number 17 stays on the ground while watching the flying Frisbee.
child laying on top of woman looking at camera.
A child in an orange and white shirt.
White porcelin urinal with a sharply poiinted triangular base on the far left.
The largest of three urinals.
A man's back that is looking like it could be touching the sandwich.
The back side of man who is sitting at the table behind him in gray clothing.
boy with white shirt.
A boy with short brown hair, light colored short sleeved shirt, brown shirts and a watch on his left wrist standing on a tennis court.
A woman driving around on a moped.
The nun on the scooter.
The top of a stove with a pan on it.
the front stovetop in the right hand picture.
A mother standing with her child while shopping.
a women weared black pant & red tee and holding a bag and talking with a kid.
A brown wooden chair pushed up under a wooden table.
The back of a wooden chair with nothing on it.
the elephant that is farthest away.
the largest elephant in the background.
The green sofa the man with the black jersey and blue numbers is sitting on.
chair man in black shirt is sitting in.
The keyboard of the computer on the right.
the rightmost keyboar.
dessert on plate closest to blue house.
The cupcake at bottom center.
A man with blue sneakers. a gray shirt and sunglasses.
A man leaning on a boat.
The area of the car to the right of the girls hand that is on the car.
rightside of the car.
the vase from the right.
Teardrop shaped vase on the right.
the empty chair behind the players left arm.
The white and blue chair behind the male tennis player.
A man with red t-shirt playing video games.
A man in a red shirt.
A bicycle with a childseat attached to it.
Bike with baby carrier.
The snowboard the man in the black jacket and light colored pants.
A white snowboard with multiple graphics held on an angle by a man wearing a black ski jacket and light gray pants.
Stainless steel door to oven.
Door to oven.
the animal focusing to the front of the camara.
A bear standing on top of a log to the left of a pen with another bear in it.
The slice with the darkest crust.
left most pizza slice.
A large elephants behind.
The back end of a walking elephant.
The toddler girl with the purple shirt and striped pants.
CHILD.
Someone  in black pants holding a purple umbrella.
someone wearing black pants and a black shirt but has something cream colored on the top of their body, as seen through the rain.
A man wearing a helmet.
A woman wearing a hat placing her pink bicycle in front of the bus bike rack.
Catcher waiting to accept a baseball pitch.
The base ball keeper with blue leg pad and helmet.
The woman in the yellow shirt.
A woman in a yellow shirt.
A yellow Labrador retriever standing between two other dogs.
the middle dog.
the long hair of the woman in the driver's seat.
a woman with long reddish brown hair.
A counter with white paper taped to it.
A white kitchen prep table with lime colored tape on it.
A large purple and blue teacup.
A purple and blue striped flower pot sitting on a white table.
the far back fried dough piece.
Th elderly hunched-over man in blue top with number between table and wall.
A man wearing blue jersey reading a book on his feet.
The umpire in the black shirt and gray pants.
An umpire with a black shirt and dark grey pants.
a woman in a pink wet suite.
A LADY WEARING SWIMMING DRESS BLACK AND RED.
Man in a blue shirt in stands.
Man in stands with a dark blue shirt and khaki pants.
A White suitcase with a tag saying "Just Married".
A bottle layer of a fancy cake that looks like a pretty white suitcase with a luggage tag reading, Just Married.
The chair with an orange ball next to it's leg.
A chair to the left of the orange ball.
the brown leather chair.
A brown leather recliner.
red motorcycle.
The red motorcycle.
Man in rose colored shirt typing on laptop.
the man in pink.
A giraffe that is standing up.
A giraffe stretching his neck.
The lady wearing the red sweater.
Woman in red cardigan behind young girl.
A white joystick part of of a Nintendo controller.
The white horse.
white mejestic hors.
The man wearing the black snowsuit.
a man wearing a black hat and sweater and pants with a green stripe standing to the right of a captured polar bear.
A white bag held by a woman on a cell phone sitting on a public bench.
A white bag that is being worn by a woman wearing a blue shirt that says pink.
Woman sitting in a black chair watching the television while the man play a video game.
person sitting in the sofa.
An elephant with the ears open.
A center elephant.
woman in worker's uniform.
A woman behind a red glass of wine.
A snowboarder in a black coat.
A snowboarder with a black jacket, red snowboard, white and black camo pants walking on the snow next to another person with a light blue jacket.
A black car parked at a transportation terminal.
A car behind two men.
An elephant with long tusks.
Elephant that has trunk higher than the others.
A cup of coffee in a black mug beside a sandwich and salad.
BLACK CUP FILLED WITH BLACK COFFEE.
boy in black jacket eating pizza.
Boy in hoodie eating pizza.
chcolate sprinkled donut.
A donut with chocolate frosting and chocolate sprinkles.
A woman sitting in a chair behind a standing man.
The asian woman sitting down.
The snow board mounted on the wall below another snow board.
skateboard converted to shelf with black and white bottom.
A glass cup that is upside down on a picnic table.
An empty, upside down glass on the left-hand side of the table.
pastry in very front, right corner.
bottom right most biscuit.
Adult elephant with tusks, standing with two young elephants.
The tall elephant standing to the right of the two smaller elephants.
A downward-turned umbrella with an alternating red-and-white pattern.
The red and white umbrella being held by the woman with short hair and sunglasses.
A lady with a red pearl necklace drinking wine.
A WOMAN HOLDING LIQUOR GLASS IN THE DINNING TABLE.
An umbrella at extreem left.
Forklift and truck.
The white truck being loaded.
A man wearing a green jacket.
The passenger holding a bicycle with the 'Wrangler' jacket on.
A table with two empty chairs.
A unoccupied table.
an umpire in a blue shirt.
An umpire standing before home plate while the catcher and batter prepare for an at bat.
loaf of bread under the hand, still upright.
CUTTING THE BREAD IN TABLE.
A clock face.
A clock on the side of a building.
a brown cow with tiny horns and big floppy ears.
the light black goat staring at the camera.
A man with ski goggles wearing an orange coat.
A skier in a bright orange coat.
The white apple monitor.
white coloured monitor of a computer.
Two muffins and multi colored candies in a plastic container.
Muffins and candy in a blue sectional dish.
The yellow chair facing completely towards the fireplace.
An older looking chair facing a fireplace.
The front end of a white truck.
The front end of the white vehicle.
Black horse pulling sleigh.
A dark brown horse beside a lighter brown horse.
A black bicycle located to the left of a grey bicycle.
A woman eating food inside.
Dark haired girl with big eyes eating a donut with her left hand.
A boy and a girl riding on a horse.
girl sitting on the horse with red top.
A giraffe standing in the distance and to the right of another giraffe.
shorter giraffe in the background.
The legs of a person to the right of a dog.
the red boat.
A red ship and the tall mast.
The horse on the right.
A saddled horse with no rider next to a horse with a rider.
The small kid touching the girafe.
The baby being carried.
The table in the fourth and fifth picture.
the first bike  from the front.
Blonde haired woman in a lace blouse.
Thin blonde haired woman who has a big smile.
The closest chair to a green and yellow bird that the bird is not touching.
giraffe in background.
The shorter giraffe.
An elephant partially behind a branch.
The smaller elephant to the right.
A black umbrella.
A black umbrella in a garbage can.
the boat the man in blue is on.
Slim black boat holding a person in a blue shirt.
skis.
a pair of skis.
The right most black bear.
bear behind another bear.
A silver Dell laptop computer with a visible screen.
this is a Dell Laptop with a silver keyboard.
The bottom of a snowboard as its rider performs a trick.
A snowboard that a person is grabbing while riding it.
A blurry vision of a player with a yellow and black uniform.
The man in the black and yellow jersey.
The black horse the officer is sitting on.
The black horse that has a rider.
A table full of food.
the empty space between two palcemats.
The seat cushions of a sectional sofa.
The girl with the dark brown sweater and her hair hanging down.
The woman wearing brown colour shirt.
The boy with a white helmet.
a boy in a white shirt and helmet and green shoes is riding a shateboard.
a sofa with a teddy bear.
The teddy bear that is sitting down.
red sheet.
a red blanket on the bed.
Drink in front of pizza, not next to pizza cutter.
Glass of red fruit punch.
Silver Car.
the car closest to the horse.
The catcher at extreem left.
Boy Playing first base.
Nescafe container.
A jar that says Nescafe that is to the left of other bottles and jars and above a bowl of oranges.
the book on the far left.
A tablet.
Tower Clock.
a black and white clock reading 6:25 on the clock tower.
Two white hotel room beds.
A woman in an orange shirt holding a tennis racket.
girl tennis player.
Baseball player in black shirt getting ready to catch the baseball.
A player holding his gloved hand up.
A man in a white shirt and a black tie looking down.
A nab wearing a white shirt and tie.
A picture of red apples that is directly to the left of a picture of oranges.
SECOND POSITION OF THE RED COLOR APPLE.
man in hat.
The man sitting behind the batter.
A three seat couch.
Dark brown couch in front of a table covered in books.
A pink suitcase.
A biscuit sandwhich with cheese.
A biscuit with food and cheese on it with a side metal container.
A man wearing a white wife beater tank top leaning forward.
man sitting second from right side of the image.
Computer screen of a news headline.
A portable monitor.
the girl in black t-shirt.
A person in a black t-shirt with their arms folded.
A boy in black clothes looks at the dog in front of him.
A boy wearing a hat, a t-shirt, and pants.
a food truck painted darkly at night.
The half of the sandwich on the left side.
The half of the sandwich that is on the left.
A chair with a checkered pattern.
The chair on the left.
A white refrigerator with a bottle on top of it.
white color fridge in the right side of the image.
A boy wearing a blue and white striped shirt.
boy sitting at table smiling.
a hot dog sitting on the right hand side of a plate.
A hot dog closest to the tomato.
THE THIRD SHEEP WHOSE HEAD IS NOT VISIBLE.
a pink ice cream truck.
A pink delivery truck offers food to paying patrons.
A greyish colored cat laying on his right side.
A reflection of a tabby cat in a mirror.
A plant growing from out behind the couch and reaches up past the photo.
Half a piece of toast with nothing spread on it.
a piece of bread with nothing on it.
knife on the left.
A circular, white train car with graffiti.
the third car in from the left on the second train back.
The woman is eating a piece of pizza.
a man in a beige shirt running toward a bat.
A BAT MAN IS RUNNING TOWARS THE BAT.
A baseball player for the Mariners at bat.
a baseball player  in a white uniform swinging his bat.
computer monitor with earth mover on background.
A desktop computer showing a bulldozer.
The second glass from the left in a line of four glasses with red wine in them.
The second wine glass from the left.
A white boat named, Bustin' Loose, docked at a harbor.
The fishign boat 'Bustin' Loose'.
Orange tabby cat standing in a sink.
A domestic cat stands in a sink in the bathroom while another cat sleeps on top of the toilet.
The red suitcase with green luggage tags.
A red suitcase with its handle extended.
Part of a place setting with table.
left side of placemat with fork.
the foremost goat.
A sheep nearest to the camera.
A MAN IN BLUE PANT.
A spectator sitting in the stands, wearing blue jeans and a dark jacket.
A black car speeding through an intersection.
A blurred image of front of car.
a table at a restaurant holding a half eaten pizza tray.
table with food on it.
Boy with a blue Adidas shirt standing in front of a tree with his friends.
a man with a blue shirt.
A wooden chair being used by a child.
A wooden chair with a boy in red.
The table behind the people talking.
The table and the cutleries to which a boy is sitting.
The black cat behind the one on the desk.
A man has his hand placed on the shoulder of another man.
A person's hand on another man's shoulder.
the black chair the man in the grey shirt is sitting on.
The chair that the person in gray is sitting on.
small white boat with hull marked LR53.
A boat with LR53 on it.
A wooden chair with a young woman with her hair in a bun sitting in it.
The wooden chair closest to the white dog.
A food dish with carrots in it.
The carrot salad.
A hairless cat being petted.
A hairless cat on a person.
Chair with woman in blue shirt sitting on it.
Back of wooden chair being occupied by woman in blue.
A carrot amongst green beans.
the horse wearing green colour cloth.
a brown horse on the left.
A catcher with a read face mask on, kneeling down in front of the umpire.
A catcher crouching ready to receive a pitch.
Part of motorcycle in front of rider.
The front wheel of a motorcycle.
Orange in top right corner of oranges.
upper right hand orange in a group of three.
the white bench.
white bench with black and white bag on it.
A woman in a red top.
Woman wearing a red short-sleeved shirt and a white tennis skort.
darker dog on the left.
A dog next to another that has more black on it's face.
Horse on a lead outside of horse truck being held by woman in red shirt.
A red horse on road.
A guy in orange and black playing a Wii boxing game.
two boys was playing video game.
A lady holding a plate.
A red headed chef holding a pastry.
A fork lying on a butter knife on the table.
The fork that is kept on the knife.
a piece of cauliflower upside down in veg-pot.
A piece of broccoli, upside down towards the front of the salad bowl, with a tiny piece of bacon clinging to it.
The white macbook with the firefox sticker.
The white computer.
Banana in fruit bowl.
banana with other fruits in a bowl.
An empty grey chair with black arms is being touched by a man's hand.
an unoccupied chair.
Table.
A bar table in the bar.
A silver SUV waits in line at the stoplight.
gray pickup truck.
The boy wearing an orange shirt.
A boy who is wearing a orange shirt is typing on a white laptop.
A man in a black suit with a white collar and his back to the camera.
a man wearing the black colour shirt.
a blonde man is sitting on the bed with another friend.
A man in a brown shirt.
A vent hood over a professional oven in a restaurant.
a broiler above an oven.
a surfboard being held by a person in sandals.
The tan surfboard carried by a man in sandals.
the zebra with its head tilted toward the camera.
The zebra on the right.
child in fornt dinning table.
A child licking his fingers.
Beautiful zebra looking towards the camera.
The zebra whose full body is seen.
a purse and strap.
The black purse,  on the person on the right.
A person using a cell phone.
A man with glasses running on a beach.
A man jogging on the beach.
The police bike that has the label WDD964.
motorcycle.
Red apples sitting in the produce department in between green apples and the shopping carts.
a large section of red apples to the left of 3 posing people.
A chair behind the cat on the floor.
The chair pushed into the table that is furthest away from the orange ball.
Snowboarder with plaid snowpants actively snowboarding.
A boy in a winter hat is snowboarding.
a set of white swiss skiis.
A ski with one pig stcker only.
A chef dressed in white, with a chef's cap, cooking food in a pan.
A COOK PREPARE FOOD IN HOTEL.
A boy wearing a blue winter jacket getting ready to snow board in the snow.
A boy in a blue and black ski jacket.
A white computer monitor.
The computer screen is on.
white sink.
Aceramic white sink with silver faucets.
an adult giraffe scratching its back with its horn.
Giraffe hugging another giraffe.
Two flamingos standing between two other flamingos in a body of water.
The flamingo in front of the others.
A bed coat with white color bed sheet.
A bed with pillow.
A taxi cab.
YELLOW COLOUR TAXI CAR.
person with white soled tennis shoes pulling a suitcase.
A person pulling a suitcase on wheels to the left of another man.
There is a dinning table with two chairs.
The cow furthest to the right.
Cow on the right, only half in the picture.
A separated slice of pizza.
piece of pizza left side bottom.
Red and white truck.
A truck with a red back and the number 703 on it.
A person with their hand up while watching an elephant.
the man on the bottom right hand corner taking a picture.
Plant with large, oval-shaped leaves.
orange right side.
One orange sits to the right of three other oranges.
the third knife or device in the right hand picture.
The dark scalpel between two ornate scissors partially obscured by a reflection.
Air Canada plan sitting on tarmac.
Air Canada plane on the landing strip.
steel bench in road.
chair behind the dog.
A child lying on a park bench.
A Caucasian child with a black shirt and grey shorts sleeping on a wooden bench.
the computer with a spreadsheet.
A laptop in which the excel window is opened.
A POLICE BIKE WHICH IS SITTING A POLICE MEN.
the bike on the right in the right hand picture.
A big elephant partially obscured by a small elephant.
The fork sitting on top of another fork to the left of the cake.
the left 2nd fork in the right hand picture.
the ball player on the far left.
A woman with her hair pinned up with chopsticks.
A woman ina brown apron and a white T-shirt.
An elephant walking out of frame with decorative flowers on its ears.
White and yellow boat that has a circle emblem on it.
two boats in background.
A cup of coffee.
a cup with tea in it.
woman wearing blue flowered pants.
woman with flowered pants with a white apron.
The peel to the left of the banana.
open peel of banana laying to side, pointing to 9 o'clock position.
A green piece of broccoli surrounded by a lot of different types of food on a white plate.
A brown horse kissing the other horse.
Large piece of pizza in front.
slice of pizza on paper plate closest to camera.
The tallest giraffe.
The tallest giraffe with its head out window.
A pile of carrots peeled on a cutting board.
Peeled carrots laying on top of a cutting board.
A man in a white shirt holding a phone to his ear.
A man in collared shirt talking on a cell phone.
Woman with blonde hair.
the blond woman behind the flowers in the right hand picture.
clean white table top with food on top.
white colored table in which food is served.
A man with a flower lei and a white sailor cup is with a friend.
The sailor in the white hat.
A black and white dog sits in the grass.
A black and white dog sitting on a hill.
THE MOTOR CYCLE VISIBLE BETWEEN THE OTHER TWO AND RUNNING BEHIND.
The lime green police motorcycle that is between and behind the other two police motorcycles.
Blurry person sitting behind pizza.
the person in the purple behind the pizza.
a cow in the background of the image.
A baseball player wearing a black shirt.
A man wearing black T shirt walking on a road.
baby giraffe on the momma's neck.
giraffe getting a ride.
There is broccoli on a plate of food.
a broccoli side dish.
yellow sunflowers with green stems.
sunflowers.
A steak knife.
knife.
Black and white zebra standing behind another zebra.
A zebra standing standing further to the car.
An older man in a white shirt and patterned tie scratches his face.
a person wearing the white coloru shirt.
A white pickup truck is pulling a trailer.
A white truck hauling a trailer.
A man in an orange shirt looking at his child and computer.
An Asian man in an orange shirt looking over at his son.
A skateboarder crouched on his skateboard holding hands with the skateboarder in front of him.
A boy with blue wheels holding onto a partner while skateboarding.
A wooden chair leg surrounded by cats.
wooden stool leg between cats and suitcases.
the man with the red hat.
A man in a green jacket and blue pants and a red hat.
A bicycle with no one on it.
bicycle.
red chair middle of picture.
sandwich on the left of other sandwich.
A girl in red holding up a toddler.
A WOMAN WEARING RED DRESS.
brown bear with a frown and brown tag around the neck.
The biggest bear.
white cup right side.
The white Styrofoam cup on the right that is filled with soup.
The couch that the woman who has her hand on her head is sitting on.
The couch that only one person is sitting on, on the right.
A standing cow rubs heads with a sitting cow.
Spotted cow standing up.
equipment bag on far right of dugout.
a bag in a dugout.
A bald, tatooed man shading his eyes from the sun with his hand.
A man shading the sun from his eyes.
A black mommy van driving on the street.
a black car on road.
smallest laptop.
A mini laptop on top of the computer table.
A blue and black backpack that is below the American Red Cross bag.
A backpack leaning on a suitcase below the American Red Cross bag.
A man standing up next to a woman sitting down.
A man in black clothing standing up.
a blue boat.
A blue boat with sheep underneath it.
A boy in blue t-shirt feeding sheep.
A boy wearing blue dress is giving something to sheep.
Two horses ploughing the field.
Two horses equipped to pull something behind them.
A horse that is the tallest.
A white horse with a long brown neck nuzzling with the horse next to him.
A red octagonal shaped sign with the word STOP written on it in white lettering.
The octagon of the leftmost Stop sign.
a plan sitting next to a computer.
plant on desk.
Man with long sleeves and shorts holding a tennis racket.
Man in shorts.
white toilet in the men's bathroom with the seat down.
A toilet with a seat.
A zebra that is in the middle of two other zebras.
The zebra standing in front of two more zebras.
A black suitcase.
A BLACK OVERSTUFFED SUITCASE.
Woman who is a tennis player.
A girl with blonde hair.
A hamburger in a person hand.
A sandwich being held by a woman.
a green doubletucker bus on left side.
Green double decker bus on the left side of building.
The butter knife on the table between the two white cheese.
A green and blue back pack on top of a pile of luggage.
An ultimate frisbee player catching the disc on a grass field.
a man wearing black shorts green shirt catching a white freesbie.
A woman in black with her hand on her chin.
a person in black with hand on chin.
bread slice.
The wrapped sandwich on the bottom.
A piece of broccoli that is not covered by a noodle at all.
The stuffed bear in the red suit.
A giant stuffed bear wearing a red suit.
A steam locomotive with a group of men standing next to it.
An old train being stopped at at old fashioned station and some people standing near.
A broccoli floret on the right side of the plate.
There's a big piece of broccoli on the right side of the plate.
The fuzzy white cat with its head in a white paper bag.
A white cat with its head stuck up a paper bag.
Green sprigs next to the pizza.
Some parsley on a white plate next to a slice of pizza with many toppings.
A fuzzy white sheep standing in a pasture.
standing sheep.
A woman with a ponytail, sitting on the bench beside another woman, holding a plate of food.
A woman with black tank top and blue jeans sitting on a bench with a plate of food.
A peacock feather design umbrella.
peacock umbrella.
A glass of water.
glass of water in table.
the banana on the right.
A banana is sitting on the outer right side of the grill.
The part of the table in the top right corner.
A giraffe sitting with it's neck in the air.
A giraffe sitting on the ground with grass hanging out of its mouth.
elephant on right.
A smaller elephant standing to the right of another elephant.
skateboard on the most left.
skateboard on left.
Single seater brown sofa.
a brown leather chair against a wall.
A very large teddy bear.
large brown teddy bear.
A woman with a white fleece sitting on a couch looking at a laptop.
A woman wearing a cream colored pullover.
Woman wearing a pink shirt.
A chair with hite cushion in which no one is there to sit.
A STEEL CHAIR NEAR A LADY AND BACK OF THE MAN.
a man in a dark blue shirt in between two other men.
A man with short brown hair standing between two other men.
A zebra standing to the left of another zebra.
The taller zebra of the two in the photo.
A coffee mug that says Mr. Brown on it, sitting on a tray to the right of a sandwich.
A ceramic coffee cup, tan with white, yellow, and blue squiggles from Mr. Brown coffee.
A man wearing violet pullover standing the rail engine.
A person in a blue uniform standing on a train platform watching another person in uniform work on the train.
A pair of skiis worn by a shirtless man in green pants.
A pair of skiis.
A child held by a woman and next to a man watches a man on TV.
A red-headed baby being held while wearing a red dress with black dots.
A black guy with the ball.
one black man has a ball in his hand with two white man.
Captiva computer monitor.
Computer monitor to the left.
A square shaped half of a sandwich sitting next to the other half.
A girl with stripped tee holding a bottle.
woman with striped shirt.
The table and everything on it.
The wooden table which the two plates of food are set upon.
pink coloured travel bag near to the sitting person.
red colour trolley bag.
A love seat with an orange and white blanket laying over top of it.
A sofa covered with an orange towel.
the bike the woman is resting her arm on.
A woman's gray bicycle.
Guy surfing wearing blue shorts.
The person surfing the wave with a white and blue board.
A stoplight.
A light that shows a man on a horse.
The tall giraffe in the background looking away from the camera into the background.
A giraffe heading towards the fence.
A kid that is playing Wii and has a controller in his hand.
little boy playing wii close to TV.
the glass to the left behind the glass of red juice.
the glass to the left of the glass with the red liqid.
motorcycle with many items on it.
The motorcycle with all the decorations.
The giraffe currently shown eating.
A giraffe eating some leaves.
A brown haired young boy wearing glasses, red shirt and camouflage shorts.
a boy in a red shirt.
A bride wearing a veil and a pink colored wedding dress on the back end of a motorcycle with her husband.
lady in red dress.
A giraffe with its mouth open standing next to another giraffe.
A giraffe has it's mouth open leaning over while standing by another giraffe.
A dark brown rolling suitcase, standing between a red suitcase and a green suitcase.
brown trolley bag.
A man with dark, curly hair wearing a plaid shirt and grey sweatpants.
A man wearing gray pants and a plaid shirt, looking at items for sale.
A tall bicycle.
A bike between two other bikes.
A salad near the sandwich.
a salad on the side of a sandwich.
A zebra standing closest to the window.
A man holding a tennis racket wearing yellow.
The man wearing the yellow shirt and the white pants looking down.
A blue and yellow train with the numbers 217 on top.
TRAIN NO 217 217 FACING FRONT SIDE AND OPENED DRIVER ROOM.
glass of white wine.
a glass was on the table.
A table with food on it.
Top of the round table the man is sitting at.
person in blue.
Person wearing a blue jacket.
A man walking holding a surfboard.
A boy walking with a surfboard.
Front end of accordian bus.
The woman to the right of the toddler.
a women smilign with baby.
The white surfboard that the women in light purple is holding.
Empty brown bench.
An empty bench.
the bigger giraffe in the behind the one in front.
Giraffe with head held high up.
Yellow and white eggs on flatbread.
Food on the plate, but not the triangle wedge that is being held up.
the guy on the darkbrown horse in the middle in the right hand picture.
The traffic signal on the right side of the pole.
Yellow crossing sign on the right side of the pole.
A red apple in a wooden basket.
An apple with a sticker in a basket with a banana and another apple.
A bus with flags hanging in the front window.
A bus parked behind another bus.
The woman in the brown leather boots.
Woman standing at the top of the stairs holding a phone and wearing brown boots.
A purple and green bus.
A green bus with a "Buses" logo on it.
blue and white tennis racket held in front of girl.
Waitress delivering food to a table.
Diner with red hair reaching over a cluttered table.
A table with a white tablecloth on it.
MAN  IN ALL WHITE WITH RED HAT.
A young man in a white shirt and shorts and red cap standing in front of a screen.
The man with the white shirt in the background right behind the pizza.
White onject behind pizza.
A DVD box set of television show "Firefly/.
A box of DVDs from the TV show Firefly.
3 video game controllers held by people.
The boy that is skateboarding.
A man in jeans skateboarding.
The girl in the group furthest to the right.
The little girl with a pony tail to the right of the girl holding the umbrella.
a man wearing a blue hat.
A batter stands in the box, ready for the pitch.
Person in white hoodie on the right.
a mans back in a whitye hoodie.
A red bus obscured by a tree.
The man with the racket.
Guy in black shirt holding tennis racquet.
a person in a baseball cap holding a bunch of kale.
The woman in the middle holding lettuce.
The large brown L shaped couch.
A corner couch.
Purple and yellow flowers.
A bouquet of purple and white flowers on a table.
All of the apples that are in the box.
baseball player with 14 on jersey.
A baseball player wearing a number 14 jersey preparing to swing.
An elephant behind other.
the elephant on the left.
A motercycle with a yellow helmet resting on it.
a motorcycl with a green and black helmet on it.
A zebra walking in front, while the other ocming on its back.
A zebra staring straight into the camera.
A man on a boat bending over the front.
The man with the blue ring.
A man with a blue ring on his finger.
A little girl helping spread icing on top of a cake.
littler girl making desserts.
A bear standing on four legs.
Large black bear on all fours.
A very large elephant with long white tusks standing. There is another picture of a elephant in the background.
fully seen elephant on the left.
the second skateboard that has the white shoe on it.
Skateboard second from the front.
The man in the grey shirt.
the man wearing a grey shirt.
The woman riding the horse that is closest to the camera. She is wearing a pink, purple, green, and yellow bandeau bikini.
A woman with a bikini and white headband rides a horse on the beach.
An arm and hand behind a box is pictured holding a donut.
A person hand in white dress is holding the brown donuts box.
A wooden wired chair on the right side.
chair back, bottom right of picture.
woman wearing purple floral shirt drinking.
The woman drinking from the bottle.
The giraffe with its head bowed.
A giraffe is bending to the front.
A waterplane belonging to the US Navy.
A water plane with few people on it.
A blue suitcase to the left of another suitcase.
A blue suitcase with a travel tag on the handle next to a yellow bag.
Four slices of pizza.
A whole pizza cut into four pieces with mushrooms on top.
A woman with a white top.
A woman in a white shirt.
the hand holding the scissors.
A mans hand holding a purple pair of scissors.
A little girl sitting in front of a birthday cake.
Girl blowing out candles.
The full white mug farthest away from the wooden chair.
This could be a cup of hot chocolate or coffee.
A cup that says Krispy Kreme behind some donuts.
A Krispy Kreme cup is next to the donuts.
A bird bending down.
A bird bending over to drink out of the water or gather brush.
An advertisement on a sheet of paper next to a laptop.
A magazine partially behind an open laptop.
TRAIN.
the red train in front.
A grazing sheep with a blue spot on it's back.
A shaggy ram grazing in green grass.
A large white animal standing next to a darker animal.
A large white cow that is standing beside another cow, near a building.
Green round shaped donut sitting on a white plate.
different shape of food.
a young boy is waiting to play the game.
The tall boy standing up.
A man with a black hooded sweatshirt riding a bike.
A man on a bicycle.
The reflection of a dog in the mirror.
the dog in the mirror.
A container of Maggio rocotta cheese on the countier.
Maggio premium part skim ricotta cheese container with lid.
The person on the left.
The person sitting beside the woman.
the man behind the man in the front.
dollsin suit facing away from the camera behind the closest man.
a zebra to the left of another zebra.
Zebra on the left walking next to another zebra.
a blue truck.
Blue pickup truck.
A brown chair with an open checker board back with someone sitting on it.
peacock standing in the grass.
a peacock walking on grass.
car on left.
A green 4-door sedan parked on the curb.
A brown couch with a person sitting on it.
A blue couch with a man sitting on it.
A person wearing a white hat and orange and black ski suit skiing with three other people.
A male skier wearing a red jacket, black backpack and white hat, rubbing his nose.
A small kid with tennis racket in the tennis court.
A child holds a tennis racket.
A fork that is on top of the waffle.
The fork placed on the bread.
underside of a white main wii mote.
A girl wearing earrings and sitting in the middle of the couch is playing Wii.
A woman sitting between two other people with a pink shirt playing a video game.
a skate boarder in the air.
A teenage boy is airborn as he executes a skateboard trick.
A man without glasses.
A man, without glasses, is eating a hot dog.
A futon in front of a tv, right next to a glass door.
The couch.
A man wearing check shirts practicing roller skating.
a boy doing a trick on a skateboard.
a girl was teasing.
Barefoot girl in glasses sticking tongue out at camera.
A grey SUV in the background behind the girl throwing the frisbee.
A car seen in the background above a green frisbee.
A giraffe bending over to sniff a wooden post.
A giraffe with its head bent downward.
man wearing white shirt.
A man standing behind the two women.
The bed without the covers rolled up.
hoirse childs on.
This horse was ride by a boy.
bike wheel second from camera.
bike tire with silver and black bumper that is second from the bottom of the row.
A white truck carring two pink pass the pig pieces.
The truck carrying inflated pigs.
An elephant with a broken tusk standing near two other elephants whose tusks are not broken.
The single elephant on the right.
Slice of the heel of the loaf lying flat near the remaining slices of lemon almond tea cake.
a piece of lemon almond tea cake that fell.
the skateboard under a man doing a trick.
A white and black skateboard with a guy skating on it who has red shoes.
A duck with an orange beak far away from the cat.
Goose on the left mostly out of frame.
Hey man trying to catch a frisbee.
A man running to catch a frisbee.
Boy in glasses, sitting in the middle.
AS MAN WORKING THE LAPTOP WITH FRINDS.
horse in the left side.
The horse to the far left.
a pink wallet on a blue surface.
A red square ottoman or seat that is to the left of the bananas that is also the closest to the hand.
woman standing at sink in grey dress.
this is a woman in a grey dress.
A half eaten white bowl of food.
White bowl sitting at top right of pizza with food in it.
A person who is wearing dark purple and is skiing in the snow.
The man in purple.
a box for a purple microwave oven.
A box depicting a purple microwave.
Two giraffes standing on the side of bushes and a fence.
Two giraffes crossing necks while standing near a fence.
A small sheep between two big sheep.
The baby lamb.
wooden chair in which man is sitting with brown color t-shirt.
the wood chair under the man in the orange shirt.
a baby in a stroller.
the person in the stroller.
Group of carrots are in dinning table with some vegetables.
piece of carrot that's out of its bag.
A giraffe's body folded behind it as it sits in the grass.
A little girl with a pink shirt on.
A black girl in a bright pink shirt.
The reflection of a cat in a mirror.
The cat's upside down reflection.
A black color bird facing away from the partial white color bird.
A black bird standing on a rock.
A book standing behind a sign with a clock.
the book about elvis.
backside of a sofa.
The chair back that is only partially visible.
It is a young black male wearing black rimmed glasses with his right foot on a soccer ball.
A boy wearing glasses and white cleats with his right foot on a soccer ball.
A giraffe whose resting its head on another giraffe's hind leg.
Giraff bending over, nudging the smaller giraff with its head.
A vase with no flowers in it.
An object that appears to be a drink mixer.
Donut with a hole on a plate.
sesame bagel on plate.
a girl making a strange face.
WOMAN WITH BLUE BEADED NECKLACE.
Girl in black shirt, sitting.
The girl in black with her hair in a bun and sticks in her hands is playing an instrument.
A motorbike with the number 96 on the front headlight.
a bike petrol tank colour was green.
A woman helping a man fix his collar.
A woman fixing a mans tie.
A boy in a red shirt throwing a Frisbee.
A boy in a red shirt trying to throw a frisby while being defended by a man in a blue shirt.
A person standing next to the grill.
Hand beside barbecue rack with short thumb nail.
A middle aged man sitting on a sofa with black dog.
A man seated on a sofa.
man with ball in hand.
man who is aiming to throw the ball.
rear most bird.
the larger bird in the background.
A woman standing in a dugout wearing a black jacket.
A blurried person standing in the dugout with beige shirt and a white top on.
plate with orange stars.
A white bowl with orange and white food shaped like stars.
Clear vase in the back left of the group of vases.
A vase to the left of the one with an open rose contains a white unopened flower.
Man in white tshirt and black pants skateboarding near a yellow train.
A kid riding skateboard.
The largest pot.
BROWN COLOR SMALL AND LARGE FLOWER POT.
A catcher squatting to catch the ball.
baseball catcher.
A wicker chair standing on the edge of the counter across from the cardenza.
A tennis player wearing black, holding a racquet in his left hand.
A man with an orange wrist band on his wrist.
a sofa in home.
the umbrella thing to the right of the glasses.
The light umbrella on the right of the other umbrella.
The man in the blue shirt and khaki shorts with sandals.
A man wearing khaki shots looking at fruit stands.
The bull with 2 horns pointing up.
A young black bull behind partly obscured by another black bull.
The orange that is most fully visible.
an orange next to a rubber fish.
A snowboard with a black and yellow pattern on one end.
The snowboard on the right.
A all gray suitcase with a white luggage tag.
gray suitcase.
A man carrying a surfboard.
a surfer.
A MAN IN A BLACK TANK TOP SITTING WITH A GROUP OF PEOPLE AT A TABLE.
Boy in the tank top with a red heart.
A red and white awning above a person's brown hair.
The red and white overhang of a tent near a boy riding a skateboard.
the white bird that is standing upright.
a pure white heron standing on the beach.
a small cow calf lays in a barn.
calf.
The animal behind the brown dog.
A light Brown pug with Black eyes.
An open door on the yellow car.
Yellow colour truck.
most left side zebra.
Zebra with head in the air.
silver laptop keyboard.
A silver laptop keyboard.
a blurry person on the left side of three people walking and holding an umbrella.
Person in black under an umbrella.
The white storage container with the lettering Matson.
white tractor trailer.
A man skiing with the number 13 on his chest.
A skiier wearing the number 13, skiing down a slope.
blurry blue car in the background.
A blue car.
a baseball catcher in a red and white uniform.
A catcher getting ready to catch the ball.
A woman on a cellphone.
A women wearing blue shirt was sitting by looking at the mobile.
A red apple under 2 bananas with only red showing.
the fruit between the bananas that is red.
A man in a black shirt and black pants wearing black glasses.
a man in a black shirt and glasses with facial hair and a white wrist watch.
right cup on the coaster furthest back.
glass in back.
A clear glass pitcher positioned between a tan napkin and a full coffee cup.
A glass pitcher.
A bench with a bird on the back of it.
A bench with a black bird on it.
a beige border on the wall.
The white railing of the bed.
The older man with the glasses.
old man was laughing.
Cream colored dipping sauce.
dip in cup on left of the plate.
A person in a blue and white outfit.
A boy looking at his cellphone.
The man in the US ARMY.
soldier in uniform.
A pizza with spinach and an over easy egg on a white plate with a glass of red wine to accompany it.
A table is set with wine utensils a pizza with egg on it.
A man in blue playing a game.
a man in a blue shirt.
a man in blue shirt holding a child standing on the will board.
A man witha blue shirt holding a little girl's hand.
black computer chair in a room with a man standing up.
A black computer chair.
The cup of beans.
bowl of beans.
player waiting.
A blond woman in a green shirt and white skirt, holding a tennis racket in both hands, behind another woman hitting a tennis ball.
A stainless steel sink in a kitchen.
empty sink.
The only woman on the bench.
the only female in the photo.
SKATEBOARDER WEARING BLACK AND WHITE CHECKERED HAT.
A man with cap on the head playing scatting on the road.
A blurry man wearing a red shirt.
A man leaning on a fence behind a baseball player.
a working toilet that is next to a broken toilet.
full toilet attached to the wall.
man on red surfboard riding a wave in blue trunks.
A person surfing in the ocean with one arm in the air.
The closest giraffe.
A giraffe looking to its right with three other giraffes behind it.
The backside of an elephant facing away from two other elephants.
The elephant the back that you can't see the head of.
The child throwing a Frisbee.
A girl throwing a frisbee.
The shorter carrot on the right side, next to the knife.
A boy play a game with a wii mote wheel.
A boy wearing glasses playing a video game.
A couch with a white pillow on it.
A couch with a white pillow on it.
zebra gazing on taller pile of hay.
There is a giraffe eating the brown grass.
The legs of the person wearing blue jeans.
A thigh of a person in jeans.
The blue table that has the man with striped shirt in the foreground.
the table of food.
the lady in the black jacket.
A female poses for a picture holding a video game controller.
a man getting his tie tied.
A man in a white shirt getting his tie tied.
A black and white cat with a red collar looking out the window.
cat on left starting through window.
An elephant in front of another elephant.
Two elephants eating vegetables off of the ground.
Couch that the dog is lying on.
Brown and white flowered couch back with dog laying on it.
The sandwich that is at the top of the picture.
One and part of another sanwitch in a bowl.
The man in the white t-shirt and blue shorts.
The man on the left.
JUICE TUMBLER WITH ISTRA  IN THE TABLE.
glass of juice with a straw.
white horse and white/brown horse nuzzling each other.
A white horse behind a brown and white spotted horse.
An umpire wearing all black stands behind a catcher and a man preparing to hit a baseball.
Umpire standing behind catcher.
A man wearing a plaid shirt sitting on the ground holding a young girl.
The man holding the child.
A blue bicycle behind a bicyclist in blue.
Blue bike.
A striped umbrella held by a woman.
the umbrella behind the umbrella.
A woman in black using a laptop.
A woman wearing green pants.
Sliced fruit in a blue bowl, bottom left of the tray.
A blue container with chopped fruit inside it.
A dog on 2 hind legs.
the black poodle.
Deep fried broccoli on a stick on a platter of fried veggies.
The broccoli closest to the bowl and zucchini.
A set of hands is clapping for the girl blowing out candles.
the man who is about to clap.
A man standing with two others and wearing a blue jacket and hat.
A man wearing a blue adidas jackets, blue jeans, and hat standing in between a man and a woman.
the zebra behind another zebra.
A Zebra hiding its face behind another zebra.
giraffe in front eating leaves.
A giraffe eating to the right of another giraffe.
the man who is not wearing a hat.
A man in black sits at a computer.
A woman in a Tian sweater holding up a cracker in the shape of a butterfly.
Woman with short hair, glasses, holding a cracker and glass of wine.
The back-end of an ostrich.
a bird standing on top of rocks next to a zebra.
The man in the dark shirt and jacket.
The black coat of the person in the background.
The horse with the head faced down.
horse with head down.
The bed with the solid orange bed sheet.
The darker orange bed.
An airlane.
fighter plane labelled 540.
A young woman sitting next to a man on a couch, both of them using computers.
Girl using a apple computer.
Soup in a white bowl with vegetables, nuts and broth.
A large white bowl of curry, with carrot and kale garnishes.
white cat on left.
The cat that is the little spoon.
The area of the table directly in front of the man's hand that is holding a spoon.
A brown table with multiple food crumbs on the surface.
person waiting to bat.
Woman resting the bat on her shoulder.
A man in white takes a suitcase from another man dressed in blue.
A man with a short-sleeved white shirt taking baggage.
A young boy is helping a little girl try to stand on a skateboard.
A boy helping a girl ride a skateboard.
the elephant's but on the left in the right hand picture.
Dark elephant with tail showing.
Trail mix in a plastic container tipped on its side with a lid on it.
Plastic cup falling over leaning against white bowl.
A young girl wearing a tiara sitting on a bench next to a toddler.
A little girl sitting on a bench wearing spotted sweater and a striped shirt.
train 2nd from left.
The train car that is second from the left.
The umbrella carried by the man with the brown jacket.
colorful umbrella in the image.
The bike in the background.
The motorcycle in the back.
A white tablecloth that sits underneath a silver coffee and cream tray and a two-tiered display of pastries and fruit.
the white table cloth closest to the camera.
The giant doughnut with white icing and red, white, and blue sprinkles.
donut with white icing.
A green plant to the left of a bench.
Elbows resting on a table.
Two elbows, of upright arms, resting on the table.
a woman walks in front of buses.
A lady wearing white shirt and dark grey short skirt standing infront of the bus.
The baseball player with the number twelve on his shirt.
A young boy in a red white and blue baseball uniform, on a baseball field, preparing to throw a ball.
kid with phone.
A young boy in a striped shirt looking at a cell phone with earbuds in.
Boy in a red t-shirt.
A BOY IN A BLUE HAT CARRYING A YELLOW TENNIS BALL.
zebra second from right.
Middle walking zebra.
Man lying in the bed.
A man laying on a bed with a computer.
The soda cup that say dog on it.
hotdog in middle of plate.
A hot dog sandwiched between two other hot dogs.
A woman with white hair holding  a game controller.
Elderly lady in orange checkered shirt playing wii.
A metal chair with red poka-dot cushion.
A red checkered fabric chair with a woman holding a cell phone sitting in it.
An elephant standing under a metal canopy.
A small elephant that is on the rightmost part of the screen and it is facing to the left.
hand at the bottom right of the circle.
The hand in front of the plate to the right.
A woman in a solid black shirt using a laptop.
person sitting in chair on a laptop.
The bear that is laying face down.
The lighter colored teddy bear by the license plate.
person sitting down wearing a black shirt.
The arm of a boy at the edge of a table.
A glass vase with some white flowers in it.
The glass vase with a lot purple flowers.
A chair to the left side of the table.
An empty chair facing to the right.
Person in brown coat.
People standing off frame on the left.
the long piece of food most in the center.
Chicken and barbeque sauce along with french fries.
A man is sitting next to a woman on stone stairs and feeding pigeons.
A man wearing a hat.
Dogs fighting each other for eating.
A black dog holding a frizz bee.
the man in the blue wetsuit with the orange surfboard.
the man with the orange surfboard wearing a blue wetsuit.
the kid wearing glasses.
A short girl standing next to a short horse wearing a belt buckle and glasses.
Bread bun with sesame seeds sitting on the side of a cutting board.
A sandwhich on the front corner of the cutting board.
The man has less hair.
A blading white business man with a multicolored tie.
The office chair on the right in background.
The back of a gray leather chair.
A woman in a white shirt blow dries a child's hair.
A woman blow drying a small girls hair.
a table withe different dishess.
A long table covered in food.
A wine glass is on the table.
a glass with no drink in it.
lady playing tennis.
A woman swinging a tennis racket.
Woman holding a floral purse posing for a picture next to her family or friends.
A woman in a white top.
truck says number 9.
The red vehicle with a large number 9 on the window.
the pizza in front of the other one.
A pizza of various vegetables in front of another pizza.
man with black hair.
a man with black hair.
A small kid sleeping on the bed with some toy in its hand.
The baby on the right with its eyes closed.
a brown horse outside being petted by kids.
A brown horse with a leather breastcollar tied to a fence railing.
A woman in a red bath robe with a mask on her face and towel on her head filing her nails.
A woman wearing a red robe and has a towel on her head.
train car with black tarp over it.
A red cargo train with a black cloth over it.
statue on bench of person holding one leg.
red suitcase under cat.
a red suitcase with a cat on it.
An elephant is walking straight up a paved road.
elephant in front of the group.
The glass of water behind the left wineglass.
Samsung tablet in man's hands.
A tablet computer that is being held by a man.
An old orange surf board being held by a surfer.
The orange surfing board.
A lemon placed behind a spoon.
A lemon to the left of another one.
A man with short black hair wearing scuba gear.
a smiling man with brown hair.
The car that the woman in red is walking toward.
right side of large pizza.
A man in a suit jumping up and clicking his heels.
a man dancing on the road.
Dark horse standing behind a man with glasses on.
a black and white photo of an old knobby brown horse.
a hospital bed with a yellow sheet.
A wooden chair near a wicker basket.
The back of the seat closer to the loaves of bread.
A man's leg on a skateboard.
a leg on a skateboard.
A shirtless man with pants sagging on a skateboard.
Guy standing on skateboard without a shirt and has bruises on back.
just the front of a bus on the left.
the red bus on the left which you can only see the front of.
a croton plant is near by the computer table.
An office plant.
bike being used by a man in glasses with a white button up shirt.
the front tire of a bike ridden by a man with glasses.
Bed on the extreme end of the room.
brocolli with stem facing you.
The broccoli closest to the ketchup bottle.
The oven the grandma and little girl are buttering bread in.
An open oven with food inside.
A red bus with number 419 and an ad on the back.
Girl in purple jacket holding cellphone up.
Woman in blue scarf and blue gloves holding phone up.
a old women keeping the tv remote.
A older woman with a tan dress on playing wii.
girl is crouched down and placing item on ground.
A woman in a red jacket holding a cup.
single chair.
A brown chair with a laptop.
A large green truck parked near the woods.
A green truck.
A man in a green shirt.
A person in a green shirt is barely in view of the camera.
A boy in a blue shirt.
Young boy in a blue Indians shirt holding a Wii controller.
The lead animal.
Brown animal in front of other animal.
a big black bear.
A large black bear eating grass to the left of a cub.
pizza slice that is 2nd from the right.
Few pieces of pizza on the plate is in the image.
baby sheep on the right side .
an off-white young lamb walking in the grass.
the big giraffe that is bigger then the other two.
A giraffe whose head is not visible.
A yellow book.
CURIOUS GEORGE YELLOW BOOK.
A butter knife is at the bottom of the picture near a glass.
a white closed toilet sit closest to the camera.
The toilet on the right.
figure made of orange marshmallow.
An orange CareBear decoration used on the cake.
Train with yellow door.
A silver electric train on a track.
The counter that some broccolli is laying on.
A person in a white shirt playing the wii.
person closest to front.
A couch rests on the floor next to a yellow chair.
a blue and yellow single bed to the right of another bed.
The horse that is only partly shown.
A horse is outside of the stable.
A car covered with stuffed toys is parked in front of a perfume store.
a car cobered in stuffed animals sitting in a parking lot.
the reflection of the toliet seat is in the mirror.
reflection of toilet bowl.
A large red bus on a city street.
A red bus leads the convoy.
The kid on the left.
little boy standing behind chair.
a woman wearing a white shirt and blue skirt holding a wine glass.
A woman in a white shirt.
A girl laying in a suit case.
a person is trying to sit in the suitcase.
A blonde girl in a blue dress.
A girl wearing a blue dress and headband.
left leg.
man's left leg.
A piece of onion close to the green food.
The onion slice right next to the broccoli.
A red and tan bus to the left of a white and red bus.
A bus colored yellow and red with the number 5 on its front sign.
A man is doing scatting.
A man skateboarding in the air.
A loaf of bread in the center of a cooling rack.
A golden loaf of bread on a rack between two other loaves.
tan teddy bear wedged under a wooden rail.
Two stuffed animals.
A man standing at suitcase along with two other girls.
The arm of the person in the gray sweater on the far left that is mostly cut out of the picture.
red apple directly next to carrots.
An apple that is closest to the carrots.
woman wearing pink dress.
A woman in a white dress and dark jacket.
A woman in full tennis attire with her mouth open, about to receive the ball.
the female tennis player.
The tallest yellow daisies.
The elderly gentleman looks like he is going to jump.
A elderly man with white hair.
A hot dog in a cardboard container.
a fried food item places in a box.
The zebra is eatting grass.
zebra bending over.
Man standing up with a coke cup in his hand wearing a white shirt with black pants.
a man with cream shirt black pants large lanyard holding a coke cup.
the girl.
A blonde woman in a yellow shirt eating.
The teddy bear without a bow tie.
A teddy bear wearing a white dress.
A red color motorcycle.
The front end of an orange motor cycle with chrome trim.
little boy holding kite.
boy holding kite string.
A broken toilet that is a pinkish color with orange copper colored seat.
The toilet with a pink lower portion.
Calf of a bear which is on the right end.
the cub on the right side.
A black car on the road.
A black sedan riding behind a van.
A chair obscured by a man portly old man in a green shirt.
A black chair closests to a table.
The couch with the red pillows.
A brown leather couch with three red pillows.
The young girl playing on her laptop.
A little girl in a purple shirt using a pink laptop.
the bat in the x that goes left to right.
Two wooden baseball bats positioned to form an X in a team photo.
Jockey in orange shirt.
Orange jockey.
A portion of a multi-decker sandwich that is to the left of some french fries.
bread in the left most side of the image.
The chair in front of the terminal with the picture above on the wall.
A black office chair, third from the left and second from the right.
A brocollie that is uncovered.
Broccoli type vegetable not in bag.
A woman tennis player.
tennis player.
The pad of white graph paper under the black wallet.
The pad of paper on the desk with writing on it and a cellphone case laying on it.
A silver fork pointed toward a drinking glass on the left side of the table.
A fork next to a plate with brocolli on it.
Two people.
the couple hugging on snowboards.
The crosswalk sign with the walk signal on.
A crosswalk sign allowing pedestrians to cross.
soccer player in green on left.
A man wearing a green shirt and blue shoes.
the barbie doll on top of the clock looks comfortable.
the doll laying down on the clock.
There is one white color U.S. Airways flight is standing on the road.
A large white plane the sits atop a yellow line on the runway.
A black plastic chair at a table.
An empty black plastic chair.
A woman getting her red hair combed by a baby.
Woman getting a hair brushed by a baby.
the body of a chiken eating.
a light red chicken eating.
A man leaning as he skis down a slope.
A skiier in a black and green jacket.
A white cow and black calf stand in the sand near a brick wall in India.
A white cow.
Girl in purple t-shirt.
A woman in a purple t-shirt which has lettering across the front.
the bike in the middle of the two other bikes.
Bicycle which was in middle of other cycles.
blond girl with red shirt.
a girl eating a doughnut.
an asian girl wearing jeans and no shoes.
Girl on phone.
girl in the left most side of the image.
A young woman with dark hair in a blue uniform who is running after the soccer ball.
The woman with sunglasses on her head.
a woman with black hair.
the blue car and white van in the right hand picture.
A long q-tip that is being held in a hand.
a white stick being used to clean a dog's teeth.
a black backpak behind the brown shirt person.
A black bag being held by someone in the background.
Slice of mushroom pizza.
A man wearing sunglasses and a hat.
A man wearing a hat with a ribbon around it.
A BOWL RED CHILLI SAUCE.
A bowl with red sauce in it.
umbrella woman on right is holding.
Right umbrella.
a woman wearing a black leather jacket.
A woman crouched down with her suitcase.
A cow with horns sticking straight out.
A big black and white  own us looking straight ahead  and you can see the whole nody.
Sheep getting it's hooves trimmed.
A GOAT LYING AND OPERATING HIS LEG BY A MAN.
A man in a blue shirt with his knee up.
A man checks into a flight and checks three large suitcases and a baby's car seat.
A man with a small backpack on.
A woman in front of another woman.
rightmost woman, barely showing.
A bird with its wings spread on the beach.
A bird spreading it's wings.
A wine glass betweent wo other glasses.
The clear glass in the middle.
A placemat beneath a bowl and glass of wine.
The plant on top of the refrigerator.
A potted plant with long green blades hanging down from atop a white refrigerator.
The right side of a sink next to a toilet.
The edge of a sink.
Wooden bowls holding apples and five wooden spoons.
bowl with spoons and apples.
a blue box.
A BLUE COLOR OLD TRUNK BOX.
rightmost meter.
parking meter to the right.
A lady in a white shirt and red pants.
floral shirt female is walking.
The chair behind the flowers.
The seat behind the vase.
silver camper towed by red car.
a silver van in the road.
infront of first laptop their is a chair.
chair.
The man holding the surf board.
man holding surf board.
The white futon with the child sitting on it.
A futon.
Indian man in button up colored shirt and blue pants walking.
Man wearing a white shirt.
a small boy playing with a girl in the lawn.
A little boy dressed in purple looking at a Frisbee.
a woman wearing sunglasses eating something.
A fat lady with coolers eating Burger.
The man in the blue shorts.
man in white shirt.
A Mac laptop surrounded by other assorted products.
APPLE LAPTOP WHITE COLOR WITH ACCESSORIES.
red raddish in table.
woman listening to heart of animal.
A young woman taking a cow's hearbeat with a stethoscope.
The man featured in the picture second from the right.
the man in teh picture on the left.
The skateboarder grinding the rail.
Young man riding a skateboard on rails.
A giraffe with it's neck turned away from the camera.
The giraffe is looking left.
Girl with dark brown hair.
The girl is wearing overalls.
A clear vase on a table between two green vases.
Pink ribbons at the base of flowers.
A man wearing a red sweater.
A man skiing with green boots.
The train with the red part on top.
The black and red train.
a woman feeding another woman.
A woman holding a sandwich to feed someone.
The kid up to bat.
The batter in the green shirt is waiting to hit the ball with his bat.
The parking meter on the right.
A parking meter close to us.
A small cake in the center of the table with pink balls on top.
The small cake with the pink flowers.
A man with Blue pants and yellow helmet.
A skier with a yellow helmet is the only skier on the snow covered ground.
man is on his the ground with a silver watch on.
An arm with a wrist watch.
The mug of coffee on the left.
A very full cup of coffee.
A pink, white, and blue quilt spread out on a bed.
a cot with bed covered by bed cover & multicol quilt.
the suitcase in the girls right hand.
THE BAG IN THE RIGHT HAND OF THE WOMAN.
A man wearing a blue shirt and pants leaning against a wall.
a man behind the player watching.
A toddler in a highchair in a blue bib with pink frosting on his face and hands.
baby.
A man in a bowler hat.
Man whose face is obscured by a flower.
horse with no. 5.
A dark gray horse with a green blanket with the number 5 on it.
The sheep being shaved by the man with the larger hat.
Sheep being sheared by the man on the left.
The part of the bench between the two men in green jackets.
Bench area between three old men and guy with camera.
A white board in a classroom.
A projector screen with content being displayed on it.
The leftmost giraffe, which is standing in the center of the dirt path.
The giraffe that is the biggest.
girl on right with scarf over her hair.
A young girl with a red, white, and blue headband holding green leaf.
A young boy with brown hair , wearing a grey sweatsuit and bending over with his hands on his knees.
A boy in a gray jacket and gray pants standing with his hands on his knees behind a woman playing tennis.
A zebra who is looking up and giving us the eye.
The third person from the left.
a woman between two women with hats looking at calves.
the man in the orange playing wii.
a man in yellow shirt.
A zebra sniffs the rear of another zebra.
A black and white zebra standing in the dirt next to another zebra and a giaraff.
The left half of a colorful umbrella.
A red rearview mirror.
The side mirror that shows traffic in its reflection.
A tall cactus plant in a brown pot sitting inside on the floor, next to a small pot and a window.
A large green cactus in a large brown pot.
a really really really smart Microwave(really? they make these).
An electronic box with SAMSUNG clearly displayed on the front.
A man playing tennis with a red racket.
a sports man wearing white colour sports dress.
A white RV with red stripes on it.
White van in-front of green colored van.
A man stooped over, not facing the camera, wearing a red and orange striped apron.
A man in a red apron looking on the floor.
A woman sitting on a blue couch.
Girl in black tank top sitting.
A brown and white teddy bear in the bottom right hand corner.
A brown and white teddy bear in the bottom right hand corner.
a man with glasses, forest green beanie, tie, beard and long brown hair.
A man with long black hair in a white dress shirt and tie.
A man wearing a disposable glove.
A man in a black shirt.
A woman wearing a grey sweater, and a pink shirt, holding up a cell phone to her ear.
woman on cell phone.
A orange skin that has been peeled.
An orange that has been squeezed to make juice.
White and brown cow grazing in grass.
A spotted cow eating grass.
a blonde young man.
boy in a purple and black jacket and khaki pants.
the silver bicycle.
There is a bicycle on which a black bag is placed.
Teddy bear with light blue eyes.
Teddy bear that has fallen over on a table and knocked over a shot glass.
A school Boy with his girlfriend.
A boy in a yellow shirt posing for a picture.
A WOMAN WEARING BLUE TOP AND BLACK BOTTOM AND LAYING ON A BED.
The blonde woman who has a blue shirt and black shorts laying on the couch.
Player with number 42.
A baseball player with the number "42" on his back.
A pizza oven below another pizza oven, with tongs on the rack.
a pizza oven with tongs on the pull handle.
the left side of the bathtub.
The much larger elephant.
The bigger elephant that isn't fully sceen on the picture.
A little girl with blonde hair wearing a pink tank top that has cute designs on it.
A blonde haired girl wearing pink top.
a long haired woman with a white scarf holding a cell phone in her right hand.
A brown haired woman dresssed in white, holding a black cellular phone.
The man wearing all black.
a guy wearing a black jacket looking at the camera.
A CAKE PIECE AT THE WHITE PLATE NEAR THAT TWO FORK SPOON AND BOTTLES ARE IN THE TRAY.
The piece of cake that is to the right of the drinks and forks.
MAN BIKE.
A police officer wearing a yellow rain slicker riding a motorcycle in the rain.
A white pickup truck approaching a construction flagman.
A WHITE COLOURED CAR IS ON THE ROAD.
A woman who seated looking something.
a girl sitting down behind the little boy.
A baby with its hand up on another baby's head.
a toddler in a tan and red dress.
The tall bamboo plants.
The round white vase and the plant in it.
The hairy arm holding the hot dog bun.
the arm holding the hotdog.
A guy in black laughs with a woman under an umbrella.
man in a black compression top and tshirt.
A half of a sandwhich with a bite taken out.
The piece of bread with a bite taken from it.
a giraffe is standing and bending the head.
the giraffe with their neck above the other giraffe.
The clockface to the right.
right clock.
A girl in the middle who is sitting on the motorcycle.
A woman sits on a motorcycle.
The giraffe in the foreground, closest to us.
The giraffe standing next to the other one with his head up looking at a wooden object.
the cake with a piece missing.
chocolate layered cake under the right dome.
hand from the right side of the image.
a woman's hand holding a bagel.
Man in suspenders and tie.
man holding banana.
This is the girl on the right who is wearing a blue shirt and blue jean shorts.
A girl with a blue shirt and jean shorts laying next to a friend watching TV.
Bearded man looking at the cake.
A man with a brown and gray beard.
A sheep with a black face looks over another sheep.
An animal with some hay on its head.
the player in the left.
A picture of a person kicking a soccer ball with another person attempting to block it.
The red taxi on the right.
A red taxi with a yellow taxi sign on top sits on the street across from a blue and yellow bus.
The table surface in the lower left corner, closet to the camera.
The elephant sticking its trunk in another elephant's ear.
An elephant raising its trunk.
A lady waiting for her bag in the airport bay.
A women with dark hair and a dark coat waiting by a baggage carousel at the airport.
A boy wearing a green, black, and white striped shirt.
A young boy with short brown hair in a green and white striped shirt.
A blue and white ANA jet.
plane taking off.
The blue train and its cars.
A blue train rolling down the tracks.
An unmade bed with items on top of it.
Bed on the left side of the room.
the skis on the girls feet.
Skis worn by the child.
the young boy in the middle with a plastic necklace.
the boy in the middle.
First giraffe on the left who is looking towards the right.
The man watching the tennis match.
body of person standing in the corner of the pic.
A sign says stop driving.
A red stop sign.
The giraffe with its head lower than the other.
A giraffe with its head below the head of another giraffe.
A BLACK BIKE AT THE BACK OF THE MEN.
The back half of a motorcycle behind the man.
A brasierre hanging on a suitcase.
A big leather case at the bottom.
A small girl on a couch.
The woman lying on the large chair.
A print out to the right of the hand.
The corner of some paper laying  next to two Wii instruction booklets.
A young giraffe in the middle of two other giraffes, possibly feeding from mother's nipple.
Small giraffe standing in between two big giraffes.
The front part of a bike that is touching the train door.
The bicycle that is closest to the door.
A black controller with button on the bottom, a round semi circle raised in the middle, that is round on the top bottom and flat at the bottom.
A handheld wireless keyboard with a trackball mouse.
A desktop computer chassis behind a Thinkpad.
The back of a laptop computer behind another laptop.
keyboard connected to laptop.
a grey keyboard with white keys.
Large pizza with slice missing and a knife laying where the slice would have been.
a pizza with one piece missing sitting on a white plate with a fork and knife.
colorful decorative tablecloth.
A table with a multicolored tablecloth.
A bike near the curb with black tires.
A black bicycle, with a brown seat and a smaller front wheel.
The brown horse the woman is sitting on.
The horse the woman is riding.
A baseball player holding a bat preparing to swing.
A baseball player batting at the baseball field.
The baby elephant.
The elephant laying down.
laptop screen that is loading.
Laptop with black screen, to left of other laptop with black screen.
A black dog laying on the ground behind a plate.
A black dog, with a black leash, laying on the ground.
Furthest chocolate from the camera, upper left.
a boy is holding a multi coloured tube.
A LITTLE BOY WEARING SKY BLUE T-SHIRT AND BLACK COLOR JEANS HOLDING ONE CIRCLE KID.
The woman wearing a grey jacket.
An Asian woman working on her laptop while next to a white woman.
A brown horse figurine on top of a cake.
brown horse on left.
horse by fence.
A Large elephant with his trunk on the grass.
An elephant in the back with tusks who does not have a baby elephant behind it.
A banana lying flat.
A yellow pattern covered banana on a plastic container.
A person with a blue helmet on a motorcyle with a man another person and a dog.
A person wearing a full faced helmet wearing a scarf.
A three year old boy wearing black pants, white shirt and black shoe on back of a brown horse.
boy on the horse.
A large chestnut horse with a large white strip on its face.
A brown horse with a a red and white street sign behind it.
glass touching a plate and a fork.
LIQUOR IS AT THE DINING TABLE NEAR THE FOOD PLATE.
A woman in an orange striped shirt.
The woman in the orange striped shirt.
A person sitting on the back of a motorcycle with a blue helmet on.
man on back of motorcycle.
a GREEN SIGNAL LIGHT.
A green traffic light.
A man in a white shirt and flip-flops in front of a bus, looking at a paper in his hand.
A man wearing shorts and a sleeveless shirt, next in line to board the bus.
A small child wearing blue and black socks.
A boy being held by a man in a forest next to an elephant.
A person snowboarding with a red glove.
The skiier by the number 7.
A little girl in a tan nightgown.
A little girl holding a Wii remote.
A cat on a couch is sitting on a blue and white blanket.
the gray cat, not the black cat.
a blue bag on top of a blue bag.
Blue bag on top of another blue bag.
Some pieces of cantaloupe in a glass bowl.
The cantaloupe in the glass, on the left.
a woman in a seat on top of an elephant.
a white woman sitting on the back of an elephant.
The elderly man in the blue sweater.
An older man in a blue sweater.
a black and white zebra in back of another zebra.
A zebra standing behindanother zebra.
A man standing with his arms folded wearing white shorts and a red cap.
A man with black shirt and red cap, standing on the roadside.
A bike which is parked with no person on it.
A motorcyle with an orange leather seat.
the vacant blue motorcycle on the far right of the photo.
a lone motorcycle to to the right of others.
A large piece of cake which is on the steel plate.
The cake on the silver platter.
A cover to a straw holder that looks like a Pepsi cup on its side.
A straw dispenser disguised as a Pepsi cup.
the baby zebra next to the adult zebra.
A baby zebra.
A thumb to the left of a felt donut.
A left hand holding a happy-looking fake donut.
Brown chair to the left of another chair.
the leftmost chair.
A refree sitting on the chair on the tennis court.
A woman wearing black sitting down.
A man teaching a boy to ski.
Man showing his kid how to skateboard.
monitor on right.
white display in the right side of the image.
A man in a blue shirt and blue bandana holding a red frisbee.
A man with a blue shirt holding a frisbee and point.
goat that is behind other.
Two sheep standing side by side.
Legs in red shoes standing on a skate board.
A man wearing red shoes is riding a skate broad.
A player with white and white chasing the ball.
A woman playing soccer wearing the number 13.
the cow nearest to the camera.
cow closest to the camera.
The white chair that has a couple bags on it.
A white plastic chair with a pillow in it.
the far most laptop.
The white plastic, not aluminum, macbook.
Elderly woman holding a children's book.
older lady sitting on couch reading book.
a man wearing a black shirt.
An adult in a dark shirt.
Pair of skies leaned against the wall.
A set of skis leaning against a wall.
face of cow standing in front of sun.
A cow who is facing straight the camera.
The upper most plane.
An airplane over three other airplanes.
Table with green and white striped cloth.
The man on the right.
The person in the purple shirt who caught the frisbee.
A tall artificial tree.
A man that is holding a blue umbrella.
a man with a blue umbrella standing with a woman in front of the eiffel tower.
The man on the ground.
man in tan shirt and tan hat and wearing watch.
The person who is holding a hotdog.
An african american woman holding a hot dog on a stick.
A green train car with red on the front is parked on the tracks.
blue train with 464674 on it.
girl sitting on board.
woman sitting on surf board in water.
a boy in white and blue with grey pants holding a doll.
A little boy with a green hat.
A TRAVELLER SLEEPING ON THE SEAT.
a man napping at the station.
The red toilet bowl.
The red toilet.
elephant on left side.
the front of a brown elephant.
sheep in cage all by itself.
A sheep in the back right pen.
a scooter motorcycle that is near an old lady who is sitting.
Vest on a skier with a blue sleeve.
Pink vest that says ski.
A patch of mutli-colored blue jeans.
THe zebra to the far left with it's behind facing the camera.
Part of the back side of a zebra.
A white chair is empty beside a table behind the couple.
A white chair on the lawn by a table outside.
the right most elephant.
An elephant looking to the left.
A man wearing glasses, a black sweater and opening a bottle.
man with beard and mustache wearing glasses in background.
A pile of Broccolli near the left side of the picture sitting on a white plate with other food near to it.
A bunch of broccoli to the left of a main dish.
The motor cycle that is parked on the left hand side.
the black and white motorcycle near the fence.
A book on top of another book.
a book.
A white, tallest refrigerator.
the bigger fridge in the photo.
A WHITE TABLE CLOTH WITH A BIRTHDAY CAKE.
man doing trick on skateboard.
man doing a trick on skateboard.
The knife to the right hand side.
The knife to the right of the plate.
A hand with a golden watch.
hand with gold watch.
man with the white beard.
Couple sitting on bench. Man holding a hat.
the two motorcycles on the left.
A red double decker bus on a road.
Red double-decker bus with a lit interior.
Four red apples in a bowl under a bunch of bananas.
A bunch of red apples in a bowl.
half of a pizza pie.
The uneaten half of pizza.
A LADY LYING IN THE BED WITH HER FAMILY.
MOM WITH GIRL NEXT TO HER.
A man wearing a green sweatshirt and jeans.
Man tossing a frisby down a path.
A train with 931 on the front.
A train on the track, number 931.
White horse being ridden by a child.
A white horse.
vehicle with hood up.
A red truck has it's hood and doors open.
A bench with three people sitting on it.
The bench the three people are sitting on.
A large elephant with tusks standing in a mud pit along with other elephants.
A dirty, white sheep laying on the ground in-between two other sheep.
A white lamb in between two other lambs.
A woman in a light purple top with short sleeves.
A woman in a purple shirt feeding a parking meter.
a woman wearing a hat.
woman in hat holding the mirror.
A champagne flute sitting next to a jar with pink and white flowers in it.
the glass on the left side.
A piece of broccoli in the background.
The piece of broccoli that the top is facing up.
Elephant holding grass in mouth.
The man in the green shirt with the black sunglasses is picking up a yellow Frisbee.
A man in a green shirt bending over in a grassy area to pick up a frisbee.
a man on a skateboard wearing a black tshirt and gray pants.
A skateboarder attempts a trick near the side of an elevated roadway.
A rusted oar on a row boat.
The row of the boat.
a baseball player hitting a ball with his bat.
A baseball player takes a turn at bat.
A person wearing black pants on a skateboard.
The skateboarder with the red shoe laces.
the sink on the right.
A bathroom sink with short handles and a short spigot.
The older looking train to the left.
A brown train behind a silver train.
The book sitting on the dest titled Eat Pray Love.
A book named eat pray love.
Dd's Lemonade truck.
A truck that sells lemonade.
A large wooden bowl that is full of a mix of things next to two pizzas.
The bowl of snack mix.
A grey backpack.
The man riding the skateboard on the ledge in the foreground.
A YOUNG BOY INTERESTING TO PLAY SKATTING.
a shirtless man in white Nike cleats.
A shirtless man.
a dark brown horse with a dakr brown mane and tail.
Brown horse with its pair and child.
An older model orange station wagon behind some pedestrians.
orange car.
A blue plane flying under the other planes.
The plane below the one spitting out smoke.
man 2nd from the right.
A man with a black hat and a stripped shirt sitting inbetween a woman and a man on a bench.
An elderly person with white hair and a bright blue sweater touching an elephant through a wire gate.
a man in a blue shirt patting an elephant.
The girl in the blue shirt.
woman with a ponytail.
A man with his hands on his hips.
the black man standing up.
the ship on the left.
A NEW SHIP IN THE FIRST POSITION OF THE THREE SHIPS.
A man with a yellow ball cap and walking off the field.
A man wearing a red t shirt and black shorts.
The 2 brown suitcases directly in the middle of all of the others.
the third suitcase in the row from the front.
Two Red Apples in between other fruits.
Two red apples sitting on a pile of fruit.
The couch has a rectangle tan, white and green pillow on it.
mercury color couch.
middle blue suite case bottom.
The bottom light blue suitcase.
The man with glasses.
The man with a gray beard.
the top set of skis.
ski that says head that is upside down.
A black man riding an aqua colored bicycle in the street.
Man in blue jeans riding a teal bike.
One zebra faces away from the camera and is nearly obscured by the other zebra.
A zebra facing away from camera.
A red bus with the word carousel written in white on it.
The red bus has writing on the side.
A brown horse with wild bangs covering its eyes and two pointed ears.
The horse on the left looking straight at the camera.
Biting sheep.
Lamb biting at the leg of farmer.
A man in blue.
A man in a blue shirt, who is behind the man who is catching the Frisbee.
A man holding a blue cell phone.
A man in a blue tank top holding a cell phone.
a white table.
White table.
DINING TABLE IN THE FOOD IN FRONT OF BOY.
table where the food plates are kept.
A plane in the middle of two others.
The largest appearing plane.
a cop riding a skateboard.
A man in a police uniform riding on a skateboard.
Left side toilet.
A white toilet sitting to the left of another white toilet.
a motorcycle in front of a one way sign.
A kite with three different tails.
A long kite with tails.
A sheep facing towards the front.
sheep turned this side.
A surfboard with a man laying on it.
the surfboard that is being laid on.
Tail of the plane jutting upwards.
a sandwich with a knife embedded on it.
A sandwich with a knife in it.
a person in a black tee shirt.
A young man with a shirt that has a giant musical note on it.
A red bicycle.
the red bicycle.
A cat on the chair.
A cat sitting on top of a green cushion, on top of a folding chair.
clock in the right side of the image.
a short grandfather clock.
Man jumping with skateboard.
A man in a hat and shorts jumping his skateboard.
Sandwich wrapped on the top of the three.
food item that is highest in the order.
The UPS truck that is in the middle lane.
Orange teddy bear on crying baby's lap.
Brown teddy bear held by a baby in pink.
broccoli floret.
A woman in a white blouse.
A woman with white shirt.
pushed in empty chair next to woman in long sleeve white sweater.
An empty chair next to an elderly woman who is sitting down.
A little girl looks up from pizza.
girl.
Black couch on the far left.
A black color single sofa placed left side of the double sofa.
polar bear kissing other polar bear.
The polar bear on the left.
back of a brown haired girl wearing brown jacket.
Girl in black nearest pink towel hanging on wall.
A toasted sandwich is shown on a plate in an outdoor dining area.
a sandwich on a tabletop.
A white clock with roman numerals poisitioned between two clocks with numbers.
roman numeral clock kept middle on a table.
A glass of water on a table in between plates.
A glass of water standing on a dinner table.
The sheep in the very front looking at the camera.
a red couch across from the brown leather couch.
A brown table and a red sofa with two pillows on it.
THE KEYBOARD PART OF A BLACK LAPTOP.
keyboard of black laptop.
A blurry bird that is not fully visible.
A blurry bird that is not fully visible.
A boy in a red shirt near a table.
The man in the ref shirt.
Yellow wooden chair with noone sitting in it.
the canvas chair on the right.
The opened umbrella on the right.
The umbrella in front of the man with assless chaps.
The man with the blue-green towel tucked into his apron.
A man with a green cloth tucked into his waist band who is facing away from the camera and has tattoos.
A white table mat underneath a white flower vase.
The small, bulbuos vase is filled with flowers on a table.
A young girl in a pink snow suit and a grey hat, skiing between two adults.
A little girl in a pink snow suit.
A sofa in which a lady sits and talking on her cell phone.
a pink chair on the right.
An older man with glasses in a polo shirt putting a hat on a younger boy.
A man standing and holding a fan near another mans head.
The man standing behind the motorcycle with his back turned.
Man in white shirt standing next to motorcycle.
A motorized bicycle behind a man in blue tracksuit bottoms.
A bike on a street near a man.
the hands that are eating the almost empty plate.
The arms of the person to the right of the child.
Train next to A15.
train on right.
The gentleman reaching out for the frisbee with a black shirt and white shorts.
A bearded man, catching a white frisbee.
A WOMAN PLAYING.
Woman wearing glasses playing driving video game.
the man in the right hand picture.
A man standing in an alley.
Man with gray shirt leaning against net.
A man wearing a gray shirt and holding a tennis racket.
2nd giraffe from the left.
The giraffe that is on the right.
the black handle of a pizza knife sticking out from under a slice of pizza.
the handle that is going to lift the pizza.
The entire backside of the vehicle.
A surf board is shown in the back of the truck.
The folding wooden table.
A white wooden side table with goods on it.
A cony island hot dog with the works including slaw.
A hot dog covered in white cheese.
man standing with blue shirt and grey pants.
a  man wearing the shirt.
A man in an army uniform.
A man in an army uniform.
The drinking glass that appears to be in contact with the sword handle.
The glass directly behind the sandwhich.
Part of the purse hanging in the right lower corner of the pic.
Brown purse on bottom right side.
Placemat that's white and blue.
the utensil right besides the open butter packet.
A man in a brown shirt holding up a just opened gift of two ties.
A man holding two ties sitting in a chair and sitting next to a woman on a couch.
a man with a msutache and sunglasses is holding a doughnut.
The man with the badge and the fake mustache.
A brown horse without a bridle.
Brown horse standing near brown and white horse.
Served food in a deep silverish grey dish.
The bowl of food on the top right.
A white van passing a pedestrian cross walk.
A white van drives through a city crosswalk.
Train rolling down tracks.
A large train engine with a round front towing some cars past a field.
A woman sitting at the end of a row beside a man in a blue shirt and another woman.
A toilet with the seat up.
The toilet closest to the wall that has the sink on it. It is near the soap holder and the toilet paper.
The boy looking towards the camera on his skateboard.
The man on a longboard facing the camera.
a woman sitting on a sofa.
The person on the couch.
a brown cows body in the background.
the brown cow to the right in the right hand picture.
Knife on a white plate.
A knife in the plate.
a surfboard held a man.
The surfboard that is being held by the man with the tan shorts.
The couch sitting in directly in front of the window.
brown couch in the back near the glass windows.
A hand holding a sandwich in front of other people.
hand holding a sandwich.
You can see part of the umbrella on the left.
The umbrella to the left.
metal kitchen knife with a black handle on a wooden cutting board.
a knife on a vegetable cutter.
the back bird in the right hand picture.
blurry bird in the background.
A zebra with its head down to the sandy ground.
pizza right side with the works.
A half a pizza with a variety of toppings.
A person's left arm and hand.
The driver's left hand.
A zebra, almost head-on, shown with other zebras but appears closer to the camera.
A statue of a zebra staring straight ahead.
Half of a sandwich on the left of the plate.
A sandwich on white bread with mustard and ham.
The elephant walking behind the only other elephant.
Black and brown elephant, walking behind another elephant.
A cake on which the name of a person is written along with the year.
A large cake that reads Kure 2013 with two men cutting it.
a cat.
a cat.
BROCCOLI IN THE DOWN POSITION WITH VEGETABLES AND MEAT.
The brocolli pieces that are on the top of the meat pieces.
An umpire behind the catcher.
The home plate umpire.
Older child taking bath.
An older child facing his left.
A messy baby eating while sitting in a stroller.
a blonde baby with a yellow shirt, bib, and messy face, sitting in a grey stroller.
bus #3042.
A bus near an outdoor clock.
a girl holding a donut.
The woman who is wearing a blue shirt.
Part of the bus is seen between the posts.
train passing by right side of two buses.
the bike on the left.
A motorcycle, located behind a man wearing a black jacket and blue and white pants.
A tennis player.
the guy with the white hat in the right hand picture.
a green pattern plate with a fork in front of a bald man in a dark blue shirt sitting at the table.
The plate in front of the surprised looking man.
The horse on the right.
The brown horse on the right.
A white color jeep back side two tires are there.
A car has two wheels attached to the back.
two red and white airplanes.
An AirAsia.com airplane parked at gate 22.
Two forks near a cell phone on a table.
MAN IN WHITE LONG SLEEVED SHIRT CATCHING FRISBEE.
The man catching the frisbee.
zebra on left.
zebra on left.
arm of chair behind a wooden table.
a beige chair in the back of a table with pizza on it.
The gentleman wearing a gray t-shirt and glasses.
man wearing gray shirt and glasses.
man watching boys play soccer.
A man in a purple sweater.
the girl riding the horse.
a girl in a pink dress on a horse with her father.
A kid a flannel shirt riding a skateboard.
a man wearing a black and white checkered shirt with black pants and a grey hat and tennis shoes standing on a skateboard.
A woman wearing a hat.
A skier in a white cap.
A man carrying a yellow surfboard.
Man carrying surfboard and soda.
A little girl wearing a pink snow suit.
A little girl skiing in pink clothing.
A metal knife on top of a white napkin.
A knife that is next to a fork and under some french fries.
An outdoor patio chair placed closest to the fence.
Very functional knife, black with 3 red stripes on the handle, which will be useful to cut the pizza.
The woman.
The woman.
frightened girl.
the young girl who is wearing jeans.
A white horse is grazing.
The biggest elephant seen.
A large elephant.
a catcher.
Boy with baseball mitt on his hand getting ready to catch the ball.
chair that is directly behind the cat.
The chair behind the cat.
Yellow flowers in a terra cotta pot.
A brown flower pot with 3 yellow flowers in it.
The person with the blue hat.
A skier with a blue helmet.
the red dressed woman with white & red colored cap switching on tv with a remote.
Woman in a red dress playing wii.
A man sitting with bending head.
The man behind the man in the center with the tie.
black box bottom center.
A black storage container on the back of a motorcycle.
man in green shirt, pointing at monitor.
a man showing a presentation with green on.
A red double decker bus.
A red double decker buss driving through a city.
the man walking beside the elephant.
A man walking beside an elephant.
A black and silver colored hand bag over another hand bag.
black and silver purse.
couch with white blanket.
A couch in the living room set up like a bed with pillows, sheets and blankets.
the two stop signs in parallel facing the camera.
The table.
A round table with people sitting around it eating.
A little girl who is standing next to forest guard is giving food to giraffe.
A young girl with black straight hair.
the bird on the top.
bird on top of shower rod.
The gray chair in the background past the sleeping child.
a chair were a white dressed woman is sitting.
The girl in the red Sari.
A woman in a red top sitting on the back of a motorcycle.
Large black leather-looking hobo style purse with several buckles.
girls purse.
Small bowl with vegetables in it.
The bowl of food on the top.
glass placed middle of two birds.
The glass cup to the left.\.
Red teddy bears in a row.
A girl pouring a cup of drink.
A woman pouring coffee.
The walk in cooler.
An oven with the door open that has shelves.
A silver mini van in between two cars.
A stuffed bear sitting upright next to a full shot glass.
teddy bear not slumped over.
bed in the front side.
the matress.
A fork resting on the table on a white napkin.
FORK, KNIFE READY TO USE ON THE TABLE.
the white chair that you can barely see with the remote on the armrest.
A silver comfortable chair sits in the living room while to women play a game on the TV.
A partial view of a white hand holding a burger.
a thumb.
The urinal to the far right bent in such a way that the interior drain is almost invisible.
The urinal whose drain can't be seen.
Part of a sandwhich with a french fry laying across the top of it behind the sauce container.
the sandwich on the top left.
A dog laying down in front of a child.
A boy wearing a blue sweater, woolen hat and tie.
A small child wearing blue clothing.
The container with carrots.
A portion of food with carrots and cheese slices.
The magazine that has the woman that is posing by plants.
The orange plush chair.
An orange sofa chair in a living room.
red motorcycle.
A red motorcycle.
a blue and orange jet.
A blue fighter jet.
A cake with a picture of a lady being cut.
A cake with a picture of a woman on it.
a clear wine glass on the edge of the table.
A wine glass is in the corner of the table.
horse of the man in blue and white.
closer horse fully in frame.
girl in black coat and pants.
Girl in a black snowsuit wearing skiis.
A zebra with its head down eating hay.
A zebra eating hay.
The back of the green chair.
Baby girl in a high chair eating food.
A giraffe with no head.
umbrella which is holded by a lady.
top of umbrella that lady in blue dress is holding.
A chair with a woman sitting in it.
The chair that the woman who is looking out the window is sitting on.
A long airplane on a runway.
excelairways plane.
A brown chair with a red seating pad with a man sitting on it.
the chair the man in the white t-shirt is sitting on.
The blue bike in front of the umbrella.
Dappled horse in the middle, one leg of horse on the other side of it.
horse that is directly in the middle of the other horses.
Two tacos on a plate.
The tortilla on the left half of the white plate.
ELEPHANT KIT WALKING THE MOTHER ELEPHANT.
A baby elephant standing next to it's mother.
a butte knife laying over beans.
a knife that's laying next to a fork on a plate.
A zebra eating grass, closer than the other zebras.
the zebra in the front.
The two glasses to the right of another glass.
the 2 glasses on the righ.
The table in front of the boy.
A red and white table top with a kids elbows resting on it.
Green broccoli pieces in a brown plate with becon spaghetti and bread slice.
The broccoli on the orange plate.
A nicely made bed next two a window.
bed near to the window.
the short water glass next to the big plate.
a colorless glass.
The zebra on the viewer's right side.
zebra eating grass right side.
an older woman sitting in a floral chair.
An older woman sitting on a flowered armchair.
The boy in the black and gold jersey.
The real boy,  brushing his teeth, not reflected in the mirror image.
A woman in black stockings.
man in the left.
A younf boy holding a folder and a yellow lunchbox wearing a red jacket.
A small child in red next to a small child in blue.
cup with cereal.
a bowl of cheerios with milk.
The book on the top of the sack.
a now book.
Cake stand/platter.
A bowl that has a cake on it.
A brown couch with a coffee table in front of it.
a brown couch that has a forest green pillow on it.
a black suit case with the bottom facing out.
This is a large dark gray upright suitcase on the lap of a rider, in the middle of a group of three suitcases.
The red cup behind the cake.
the red cup behind the dessert.
White short vase with nothing in it.
The white pot on the left.
A glass with nothing in it.
The empty glass.
The giraffe not eating grass from a pole.
The baby giraffe in the middle.
A bowl of food that has rice and jalapenos in it.
A yellow bowl full of rice and peppers.
man in white and orange uniform rushing right next to man in blue that is about to kick the ball.
Bearded man wearing a hat shows the camera his pizza slices.
A man in a grey sweater wearing a yarn beanie and holding up a plate with pizza slices on them.
the man in the middle.
man in middle.
Baby onthe woman lap.
a baby beind held by a woman.
a half of a sandwich in the lower left compartment of a bento box.
The section that has the sandwich.
A scale covered man with red eyes smokes a cigar.
An older, balding man with glasses holding a lit cigar.
man with tye die shirt under the elephant.
man  under the elephand.
a bicycle is standing without a person.
A yellow bicycle standing in the grass.
Slices of lemon on the plate.
lemon slice on plate next to carrots.
A piece of food that near the bottom of the plate.
A pizza like bread base with some sauce and garnishings.
A PIECE OF A BUN.
the piece of bread in the far right top corner.
A bearded man wearing a black shirt.
A young boy sitting on the end of a couch.
A women with short hair, brown fleece sweater and blue jeans sitting down playing the Wii.
horse closest to white rail.
A fluffy sheep standing between two other sheep.
A picture of a white sheep with black horns standing in the middle of two other sheep.
orange cat on top of tv.
A CAT SITTING THE TV  AND WATCHING THE TV.
woman with long hair standing in front of bus.
The woman on the left.
A laptop using by a couple in a classroom.
Laptop in front of the boy inthe white shirt.
a puppy looking sad at the camera.
the dog looking at the camera.
A man without sunglasses, with a hot dog near his mouth.
man holding a hot dog up to his mouth.
a man in purple.
the man with the striped polo shirt and gray hair.
a young blonde boy inpicking something off a cake.
A boy with blond hair.
jetstar jet.
An airplane parked at the terminal with a red star on the tail.
The man's head.
a man standing the woman.
A man with long hair sitting behind another man on the phone.
A man with a ponytail at the airport.
a kid'.
the front table in the right hand picture.
A table whose legs are painted with blue color.
The young man sits with friends and plays video games.
The man wearing glasses and a light blue and gold print shirt.
The middle art piece.
Tall decorative vase in middle.
The sheep furthest up the hill.
a brown goat far up a hill.
a silver beetle car.
A car is parking near the Motor cycle.
The white train car with AEG on it.
Train engine with AEG written on it's side.
The female child with black hair and a blue shirt sitting next to another child.
A girl wearing blue t shirt leaning on table.
a winged bird wood carving.
the bird on the structure on the right.
Woman in black taking selfie in mirror.
The woman in the black strapless dress is holding a camera and a glass.
The ramp with snow on it.
A snow ramp.
Computer the cat is touching.
The side of a laptop with a cable plugged in.
brownie.
The brownie.
a women hand.
The hand with the ring on its finger.
snowboard with green writing.
The black and green snowboard.
Tennis racket swinging in front of a fence and the number 9.
The racket in motion of a tennis player.
A tan car with a person getting in and woman crossing the street looking at her phone.
A tan car with the driver's door open.
giraffe facing the left.
a white teddy bear with a red ribbon.
The white bear wearing the red bow around its neck.
Black and white zebra looking away from camera, next to a baby zebra.
zebra looking behind him.
a surfboard being held by a man.
A surf board held by a man who is looking at water.
A large floral and leopard pint umbrella.
A colorful umbrella.
The woman behind the camera man.
A person standing behind the cameraman.
A batter swinging at a ball.
A BASE BALL PLAYER HIT THE BALL.
A TALL WOODEN CHAIR WITH A GREEN CUSHION.
the chair the woman is leaning on.
A cut up banana on top of pancakes with syrup on top.
A man wearing a blue jacket with burger on his left hand.
man sitting in the left side with blue jacket.
a black suitcase that has a white bag handing on it's handle.
black suitcase with white bag on top.
A fibre chair that is seen fully.
An empty, beige chair set up under a reception table.
The bus with the door closed and sign off.
A city bus with orange closed doors on the side of the street closest to the sidewalk.
A red apple next to a rotten apple on the ground.
apples in a ground.
liquor bottle on the left.
person in dark pants laying down behind woman.
a person lies on a bed behind people.
A box with a sticker on the side.
A brown suitcase with stickers on it.
The umbrella behind the woman with her hand on her nose.
White apple laptop.
a white laptop.
The yellow container with crackers and dip in it.
A yellow dish holding crackers, dip, and tomatoes.\.
A small white chair.
a white chair holding a baby.
A brown dog in front of another brown dog.
A dark brown dog wearing a black collar.
An umpire wearing a blue shirt.
umpire with the blue shirt behind the hitter.
Service trays on a table with people in front of them.
the plate of meet.
A dish full of meat next to another dish full of broccoli.
The bananas with a sticker on one of them.
A bunch of Del Monte bananas is pictured in a close-up setting.
the bigger laptop.
Entire large laptop.
A large giraffe runs at the the back of the pack.
A brown horse is led through a horse stable.
A dark brown horse being taken by a lady.
A big white horse with a rider on the back.
A horse on which a man is sitting.
the guy on the left in the right hand picture.
the black man on the left.
the second white urinal from the left.
2 horses pulling a cart.
The image of a man above the doll's right shoulder.
A bottle of seasoning with a white lid to the left of a blender.
A zebra facing the camera.
the zebra fartest from the camera, looking at it.
A blue seat back with a towel over it.
bench that the woman is sitting on.
A bench and table near some flowers.
Two bicycles on a rack at the front of a bus.
Bikes mounted in front of a bus.
A white sedan with tinted windows exiting to the right of the picture.
The grey vehicle behind the silver one.
a black truck parked next to a silver vehicle.
Tea in cup with black and white flower drawings.
Tea in a cup decorated by black and white flowers.
A woman wearing black pants and red slippers.
A white restrant chair that is attached to other chairs.
The chair with the back facing the picture, on the right hand side.
An indoor plant behind some lit candles.
The leaves of a plant slightly out of frame to the right.
A close up of a woman eating what appears to be a donut.
A woman with red hair and a black and white necklace taking a bite of a hot dog.
An elephant carrying a woman in a blue shirt.
the elephant to the left.
a chair on the left top corner of table.
chair on the top left corner.
A person in a green color jacket.
A man in brown behind a burger and fries.
guy holding railing.
The guy is holding onto the railing while skating.
The truck with 'Navac' on its window.
A black van with the letters NAVAC on the side.
A large platter of vegetables.
Plate of veggies.
a  gray couch that a woman is sitting on.
a small kitten.
A small kitten sitting next to a larger kitten both watching TV.
An animal laying down in some dirt.
A sheep lying down.
The pedestrian on the right side.
The person on the right.
A woman with red hair sitting at a table.
A woman getting her hair cut.
Person in black clothes.
The person in black that is standing next to the person cutting the food.
The man on the horse with the saddle visible.
A man seated on a horse between two other men on horses.
A person with black shoes and a gray hat riding second on a motorcycle.
A person riding on the back of the motorbike wearing blue jeans.
person left.
The chair on the right.
Chair on the right.
Two sitter cream colored sofa kept in room.
A white couch behind a coffee table.
A wine glass that is not being poured into.
the empty wine glass.
woman in front of an elephant.
The woman in front of the elephant wearing pink.
The partially visible plane facing left.
a blue plane.
A spoon to the right of a plate and fork.
the spoon behind the glass of water.
black colour big bag.
A large black suitcase stands upright.
A woman with red hair and an eyebrow piercing wearing a green shirt looks on.
A woman with red hair.
An orange bus stopped.
Orange and yellow bus on a city street.
A man with dark hair and a red plaid long sleeve shirt.
The man.
woman standing.
A woman standing by wearing red color top and placed white towel on her shoulder.
A woman holding pink surfboard reaching out her arm.
boy holding red wakeboard.
A pizza with shrimp and pepper toppings.
A cheese pizza white shrimp and red peppers.
A baseball player running.
A baseball player prepares to run from third base to home plate.
A young tall girl with blonde hair in a green and white striped shirt holding a shorter girl with short blonde hair.
The woman wearing the striped blouse.
fishing boat parked next to the light house.
A boat in the water in front of a building.
a green kite.
A very large kite shaped like an octopus.
part of lower sandwich half that is near the apples.
The first bear cub on the left.
The bear to the left of the others.
Pieces of bread in a gold bowl.
A small bread basket.
man with grey green bay longsleeved shirt playing tennis.
A tennis player in grey.
A nurse in a wedge cap standing next to a patient's bed checking his vitals.
A nurse tending to a patient and holding a newspaper.
blond haired baby in a navy and sky blue shirt.
A baby in a blue raglan-sleeve shirt.
The profile of a woman on roller blades with blond hair and a brown sweatshirt.
A girl in a brown sweatshirt on roller blades with some boys on skateboards.
a clear plastic bottle of water with blue label.
A bottle of water to the right of a glass of water.
a sandwhich on the left side of the plate.
Po Boy snadwich on the left of the white plate.
The set of skies on the right.
A chair with a teddy bear on it.
heart shaped chair with teddy bear on it.
The skateboard in the air.
SKATING BOARD.
A woman reaching into a fire with a tong.
a woman taking food out of an oven.
A black suitcase which is underneath a cat.
Black luggage beneath a cat.
A ZEBRA IS STANDING NEAR TO A PLANT.
A zebra with a well trimmed mane stands in front of an elephant ear plant.
A brown and white horse eats grass in a field.
A horse that is mostly black with white patches.
A bag covering a parking meter in the foreground of the photo.
bag covering meter, next to a silver car driving.
The tallest standing giraffe.
a White couch with blue pillows.
A white leather couch with blue cushions.
A young girl skiing with a white hat.
A women with dark colored shirt and pants sking.
A man in a greenshirt and orange shorts waiting with his luggage.
the man in the flogging molly shirt.
A man in a black jacket and pants standing behind a woman.
A skier with no legs wearing sun glasses.
A man dressed in blue on his skis helping his daughter learned to ski.
The man in a blue jacket.
A red and blue striped refrigerator.
A purple and blue striped fridge.
pack of elephants.
the women is hand shaking.
A female tennis player, wearing a visor and holding a tennis racket.
A woman in a pink blouse straddles the frame of her bicycle.
A women holding bicycle and a dog.
small red boat with a round window on one side.
A red boat with three people on it.
The giraffe in the middle looking to the left.
A manikin wearing an old style deputy outfit.
The man with the badge and the hat.
A van parked in front of two trees.
th silver vehicle on the right.
cows feet top right corner.
The animal in the middle has a key necklace.
a bunny stuffed toy with a yellow key necklace.
an Asian female chef making a funny face with her tongue out.
restaurant chef sticking out tongue.
A man using a cell phone.
A man with glasses looking at his cell phone.
A brown cow.
A brown bull.
backrest of a chair in a restaurant.
A wooden chair, with a slatted back, is pushed up to the table.
A girl in a white and purple uniform standing in the outfield with her eyes closed.
person with long brown hair sitting underneath a pink blanket.
Girl in checkered shirt eating food.
A man in blue shirt and blue hat who just threw a frisbee.
a man with a cap is trying to catch a Frisbee.
A woman partially shown near the horse.
a woman wearing a skirt sitting behind the horse.
A boy with red or strawberry blond hair wearing a black shirt and pink tie with a flower pinned on the chest.
A boy wearing a black shirt with a pink tie and matching pink flower.
The closest zebra.
A zebra, with his head up, looking at something in the distance.
A man in a red jacket and jeans shaking hands with another man.
A man in a red shirt.
A multi-colored, patterned tie that the man in the grey jacket is wearing.
A blue tie being worn by a man in sunglasses.
A man in blue and black shorts skateboarding.
A man riding on a longboard.
A young girl hugging a man in a blue t-shirt.
A blue fire hydrant on a street.
a blue fire hydrant being stood on.
A train outside of a station.
A TRAIN ENGINE COME OUT FROM THE NO.5 TRUCK.
A smiling girl in a gray snow jacket and black gloves.
the person in the white ski jacket.
A young lady in green lying on a sofa.
Girl laying on couch with green shirt on.
The girl on the right.
An empty wine glass on the table with the birthday cake with candles.
the wine glass in front of the picture.
The young man having his hair cut.
A man wearing a shirt.
The whole pizza on the table.
A pizza cut into pie shape with lots of toppings on it.
A sink to the right of red flowers.
White sink on the right.
yellow umbrella.
Orange umbrella held by child.
The person in the white, striped shirt.
person with while stripes dress in the front side of the image.
The man with glasses.
the man wearing the glasses.
The closest broccoli to the camera.
Eggs and bacon on a plate.
A plate of breakfast food which includes eggs, two pieces of bacon, and hash browns with ketchup on top.
A sofa occupied with a man.
couch the man is sitting on.
A CHILD ELEPHANT WALKING.
a small elephant walking along the ground.
The baby elephant whose four legs are seen.
A man wearing a brown shirt.
The man in the middle is sitting on the elephant.
BLACK COLOR CYCKLE  BACK POSITION ONE MAN WAS STANDING.
A Brown colored sofa chair infront of table.
A brown chair.
elbow of person wearing olive green shirt on far end of table.
Man seated at table.
harley man is riding.
the front end of a motorcycle.
The orange ingredient on the bottom and to the right.
The prep table and container of ingredients where the people are working.
A table that food is being prepared on.
A man on a subway wearing a jacket and talking on the phone.
A man on a bus in a black puffy coat talking on his cell phone.
A BROWN AND WHITE COLOR COW.
The brown cow.
man iwth checked shirt sitting beside the veggies.
A man at a market is kneeling down beside a bunch of fresh vegetable produce.
A Campbell's tomato juice can.
A can of tomato juice that is sitting in front of a vodka bottle.
child on right.
Boy in blue jacket.
A metal fork on the left side of the plate.
left hand fork.
A green chair between two other chairs.
Empty green bench.
A person is a red and black snow suit skiing on a snowy slope.
A kid in a red hat, red jacket, and red pants on skis holding ski poles.
The large stuffed bear is laying beside the boy.
A large brown teddy bear under a boy's elbow.
The torso of a brown furry teddy bear wearing a red ribbon.
stuffed teddy bear with a red ribbon.
A piece of bread with meat and veggies on it.
a bread filled with meat and vegetable mix.
the girl in the dress.
Woman in dress brushing her blonde hair.
A woman shielding her eyes on a bench next to two other women.
A woman in a dark dress wearing sunglasses sitting on a bench.
A yellow vase holding a bunch of flowers.
A vase with some red flowers.
Half of an egg salad sandwich with the other half below it.
The very top piece of bread on the top slice of sandwich.
section of circular bench on which a man in a blue shirt is sitting.
A round bench around a clock tower.
One girl with blonde hair and brown long-sleeve shirt eating a lemon.
A small child wearing a stripped dress eating.
woman in yellow clothing.
The woman in the yellow dress.
The elephant in the front walking.
elephant infront of camera.
An empty blue train contain cars.
Empty train containers near a train.
a black TV on a wooden stand.
a big black tv.
The chair that is most facing the window and sink.
A LADY TAKING A VIDEO.
A military woman holding a camera.
A woman wearing a white sweatshirt riding an elephant.
woman in white is sitting in a seat on top of an elephant.
an old man in gray pants.
The older man sitting in the recliner.
A scoop of ice-cream with a green leaf on top and powdered sugar on the edge of the bowl.
The ice cream with a mint on top.
The sandwich half closest to the camera.
The half of the sandwich the knife is pointing at.
a giraffe facing left behind another giraffe.
two giraffes.
Red couch with large buttons in living room.
Brown cair on the left of picture.
A duck on left stands next to another.
a bird with a weed in front of it, standing to the left of another bird.
A giraffe in the middle of the grass lawn.
A man with a bunch of microphones in his face.
A business man addressing the journalist and television news agents.
The girl in the front that's bending over.
Child bent over standing on base.
the far left computer screen.
The aluminum monitor next to the Macbook, NOT the iMac.
bear on right.
Right bear.
Bride in a white dress with a umbrella in a green field.
A woman in a wedding dress poses for pictures.
The man with dark hair wearing the gray shirt with light blue stripes.
Man with a striped shirt.
A bunch of kale grouped with other vegetables.
man in a red shirt and black jeans grinding on a railing with his skateboard.
A teenager with a red shirt doing tricks on a skateboard.
The gentleman wearing a blue oxford shirt with white stripes on it.
The man in the blue shirt.
hose with yellow harness.
the head of a horse behind two other horses.
A tennis player wearing a white headband.
A woman tennis player.
a baby polar bear with her mother.
Smaller polar bear.
A red bus that is directly behind the other red bus.
A red double decker bus following another bus.
A white computer keyboard.
A white color keyboard placed on a computer table.
A child in a baseball jersey hitting a baseball.
A boy in mid-swing, ready to hit the baseball.
cow in the background.
A COW'S FACE IS OUT FROM THE STEEL GATE WHICH IS NEAR TO 825 NO. COW.
A blue round neck t-shirt person standing with camera.
A man wearing a green shirt and black hoodie is holding a camera.
The slice of pie in the foreground. It has whipped cream on it.
The table is in brown colour.
the umbrella for the woman turning away.
A plane that is getting ready to board.
the huge plane near the white van.
A fluffy black, gray, and white cat lying on a bed.
Fluffy, black, brown, and beige cat laying on its side on a blue comforter.
A baseball player swinging a bat.
a baseball player with 760 next to him.
The Blue Moon glass.
A bottle of Blue Moon beer.
A white table with plates of food on it.
A table full of breakfast food with a little girl and a man sitting at it.
An elephant walking calmly to the left of another elephant with it's mouth open.
elephant on left.
A woman wearing sandals and a blue visor.
A girl dressed in oragne and a blue visor holding a sun umbrella.
An empty chair to the right of another chair.
A brown chair to the right of a chest of drawers.
A woman wearing glasses and pink flip flops.
The tennis player on the viewer's right side.
the entire silver top of the oven where all the knobs are located.
The oven knobs.
a woman wearing blue jeans.
A woman in a green shirt and black vest holding a green umbrella.
a teddy bear dressed like a bride.
A person standing up.
The man that is standing.
A signal lamp which is to right of post burwell st.
Traffic light on right.
the white sink.
A white sink.
A person in a blue jacket and black pants with skis on, preparing to ski down a hill.
WOMAN IN BLUE JACKET LOOKING DOWN SKI SLOPE.
The umbrella that is in the middle.
The middle umbrella.
The screen is blank.
Blank whiteboard behind woman.
A gray and black striped tabby cat with its tail under its body.
the cat on the right.
A computer to the left of another computer monitor.
An apple monitor.
A woman in a gray shirt smiling and typing.
Red-haired woman in a gray sweatshirt using a silver laptop.
The arms of the person to the right of the food.
the person sitting to the right of the middle person holding the knife.
skis second from the right.
wooden skiis in the middle.
The bald man sitting on the green chair.
a man sitting on the couch staring at something.
A MAN WEARING WHITE AN BLACK FORMAL DRESS.
A young man with a black hat and white stripe and white shirt on.
banana in the back side of other banana.
A banana with fancy designs sitting on top of another banana with its top pointing to the right.
brown barrel closest to table with apples in it.
A monitor displaying the words increase the peace.
A computer screen that reads Increase the Peace.
A women opening her food.
person top right.
a baby elephant.
baby elephant.
red bus.
A red bus driving on the street.
A pancake on a griddle near the front edge.
An out of focus fuzzy looking meal on a plate.
A plate with food on it that is out of focus.
A person wearing a blue hat.
A person wearing black holding red skis.
The  shredded carrots in the upper right corner of the plate.
a pile of shredded carrots.
racket in hand.
Two Wilson tennis rackets being held by a white woman.
A young baseball player at bat.
The boy with the bat.
Man in black.
A man wearing all black.
A police officer standing among several parking meters.
Police Officer with a helmet on.
A sheep standing in front of a rock looking at a photographer.
a sheep looking at the camera.
A bowl of dessert sitting in the middle of a table with various other desserts.
a chocolate and whipped cream desert, which is missing about half of it.
The pastry that is to the left of the other two pastries.
the pastry on the far left.
The front part of a black truck.
a semi truck on a rocky part parked in front of a building.
Large man in blue, black and white standing on a snowboard.
White and blue bus with Tan fox banner.
A woman wearing cream color dress and cutting cake with a men.
A girl in a white head band and white dress.
A silver fork and knife.
the fork that will be used to eat.
Large ornate vase holding pastel flowers.
A ceramic centerpiece with birds on it.
A woman with pink in her hair eating a banana.
Woman with purple sleeves and pink hair.
A beagle looking into the camera.
The brown and black dog looking right at the camera.
Part of a subway car to the left of some poles.
train on left.
A man, who is wearing glasses, is next to a woman holding out his hand to cut the cake.
The groom to the left of the bride.
A giraffe facing to the right.
A young calf behind two older cows.
a small cow.
The giraffe in the middle  with his back turned.
The second tallest giraffe.
That is the back of a bus with a shopping cart in the front.
The back of a bus containing a yellow sign.
Floral designed, square pillow on a brown couch.
The couch next to the left of the man and behind the little girl.
A little boy with short hair brushing his teeth.
a toddler brushing his teeth and standing next to the white door.
guy playing a wii game.
A man pointing a wii remote.
Green & white scooter that women are riding in rain.
white color motor cycle.
pizza.
A huge, oversized slice of cheese pizza being held by a man.
The child skiing in the foreground.
A boy dressed in green and  dark blue outfit.
A man drinking coffee and eating a pastry.
A man sitting in a wooden chair next to some camping supplies.
A surfboard that is mainly white.
white colored surfboard being carried by woman.
A glass of soda with ice cubes.
A full glass of soda next to a plate of pasta.
man sitting in a green chair.
Biker, spoon and cup in green chair.
A bowl with the least amount of content.
A bowl at the edge of the row with the least inside it.
the pastry directly right of the center pastry.
The airplane sitting on the runway.
The airplane on the tarmac.
an airplane from russia.
A GUY IN ORANGE AND WHITE JERSEY REACHING FOR A FRISBEE.
the man in the white and red shirt who caught the frisbee.
A chair rests at a desk in front of a computer monitor.
A gray office chair sits behind a computer screen with green letters.
a cow is standing near another one who is drinking water.
shorter giraffe.
Smaller lighter colored giraffe.
Rectangular screen on the opposite wall with a tall pink item in front of it.
A dark window behind the desk.
A man standing over a bed.
A man in a white shirt pointing down.
Black skis that are being held up by a girl in a light blue outfit.
A pair of black skis with white print in a woman's right hand.
A lady holding the hand of a girl and her backpack while crossing the street.
A woman in black shorts.
the man sitting on the dock.
an older man sitting on a dock next to a boat.
man pulling a lever near a track.
Person dressed in all black in the foreground.
A black and gold motorcycle with a man riding it with his legs over the handlebars.
A glass of wine belong to the person sitting across from the woman in the black shirt.
Wine glass that is in the foreground and farther away from the lady in the photo.
The fruit to the right.
Zebra behind and to the right of the zebra in the foreground.
A zebra behind two other zebras.
A hotdog on the right side of the plate.
Bun with shorter hot dog and toppings.
A Woman with green tops singing a song.
A GIRL WAS SINNING A SONG HOLDINTG WITH IN A MOBILE.
A giraffe standing with its head lowered.
a jiraff in the park with other jiraff.
A man with a bat in his arms is standing.
A man holding the bat under his arms.
black wood chair to the right.
man with grey shirt on running.
A man in a red and white shirt and sunglasses.
The black car.
the front profile of a black car.
COMPUTER MONITOR SHOWING SOME WINDOWS.
A computer screen displaying some programme running on it.
The table with no bananas on it.
table that's barely visible in the top left.
A man with a white beard and black hat.
A man with a white beard and mustache with a black hat .
person in water behind wave.
A slider at the back side.
a little boy wearing a navy blue hoodie.
A boy is in his father's arms at the zoo.
the black chair that the woman is sitting in.
There is black chair on which a women sat.
A female chef holding a metal pan wrapped in plastic wrap.
woman holding the large pan of food.
back end of white truck.
The back of a white truck with red characters written on it.
The computer being used by the man in front.
The man's laptop.
man clapping right side of the image.
Man in dark shirt clapping.
lady with stripes dress in the right side of the image.
girl holding frisbee.
person with frisbee.
A bearded man in a blue shirt and brown hat.
The man with brown cap and long beard.
man taking picture.
A cameraman in a black coat and glasses.
A grey chair is to the left of a brown ottoman.
Multi-colored umbrellas suspended in the air above tables.
umbrella closest to the photographer.
Guy standing with white and black glove on and is also wearing sunglasses.
A man with a glove on.
Girl on bed and doll in arms.
A girl sitting in bed, cuddling a doll.
a young boy in a brown shirt holding up a Wii controller to his forehead.
the kid in the brown shirt holding the wii remote.
A patch of dirt and red and violet flowers inside of a toliet.
Plants in toilet.
A police man on a scooter.
A police officer wearing a high visibility jacket riding a motorcycle.
The cup of cream that is farthest back and right.
A ramekin with yellow custard behind another ramekin.
little gray car on left side of blue fire hydrant.
silver car by hydrant.
A skateboarder with both arms extended.
a skateboarder crouched down with both arms extended in front of him.
The bicycle on the right.
A gray bicycle chained next to a blue one.
person on left.
A person in a long sleeve grey shirt and black pants.
The clear bowl of yams.
Glazed carrots in a bowl.
The glass table.
A square glass dining table.
A man with a brown shirt and a baseball cap at a parking meter.
A man in glasses with a hat and brown shirt holding his hand up.
A cat with with a mix of calico and white fur sitting in front of a woman.
THE WHITE AND BLACK CAT IS SITTING IN THE OLD LADY BED.
The man in the grey tee shirt.
A person wearing a gray shirt with their elbow on the table.
tub of popcorn.
A large container filled with popcorn behind a cup of pepsi.
The pizza that doesn't have a fork near it.
pizza on a plate with a piece missing.
A fatty woman with with t-shirt wearing sunglasses.
An elderly woman posing for a photo with two young men.
A man in red polo with glass of wine.
A man in a red shirt.
A man in a plaid shirt.
A man wearing a plaid shirt holding a red umbrella.
A tiny baby being held by a woman wearing purple and black.
An infant wearing white suit lying in her mother's lap.
a red chair facing the sandy beach and oceanfront with a Coca-Cola logo on the back of it.
A red Coco-Cola chair in front of the table.
A half of a sandwich to the left of another half of a sandwich.
sandwich at the left.
The newspaper titled CityAM.
A newspaper.
Cooked carrots on a plate.
Cooked carrots grouped together on a plate of food.
A woman in black dress standing along with the other woman who wearing glasses.
A woman on ski's with a blue head band on.
A blue car or truck with yellow writing on the passenger door.
A dirty car next to three people.
A blurry, silver car.
A white car which is in the right.
a banana all alone.
the banana on the far left.
A red Royal Gala apple next to a pile of oranges.
The apple with two stickers on it.
The table with the plastic bag on it.
woman skiing.
A female skier wearing bright red pants and her goggles on top of her head.
A television with a game being played on it.
A tv monitor with a video game displayed.
Dark brown horse.
The horse in front to the right.
A black motorcycle on green grass near a sign that reads 141 parked near other vehicles.
the black motorcycle in front.
A zebra with its head held high is facing away from the camera between two of its fellows.
Middle zebra.
the man looking to the camara.
A man playing baseball, holding bat on his left hand.
A gray vehicle parked in a driveway.
The SUV parked in the driveway.
Umbrella.
The black and white patterned umbrella being held by the person in the light blue shirt.
A woman carrying a satchel.
A young woman wearing a satchel.
A man with white dress jumping on the air.
the man jumping.
A children't bed with a square quilt on it.
A comfy bed with pink bed sheets.
A piece of toast smothered in tuna salad.
The piece of bread with the meat on top.
Bench in the foreground.
a detailed close bench.
A cheese pizza with green olives in the center.
cheese pizza with no tomatoes.
Man with Moonshine shirt on.
A man in a red shirt and blue shorts is jumping to catch a frisbee.
White couch across from fireplace.
The white couch is part of a beautiful furniture layout in front of a large fireplace.
A cement mixer truck.
White cement truck in the foreground behind the post of the sign.
Two limes in a basket.
The suitcase under the towel under the cat.
wooden table under the cat.
a girl with the camera on her hand to take selfie.
GIRL GETTING READY TO TAKE A SHELFI IN THE BATHROOM.
The lady in the background who is drinking out of a yellow cup.
woman with red shirt sipping from a drink.
A girl in red standing next to a girl in blue.
the woman with the pink jacket not holding an umbrella.
A man holding a stop sign and directing traffic.
A man in a hat holding a stop sign.
The boy on the far left wearing a black shirt and green pants.
A man in a black shirt.
A half eaten sandwich.
The sandwich on the far right.
Horse between cowboys.
A horse with a saddle in between two men.
older woman in yellow.
A woman in a yellow t-shirt looking down at a dog.
smaller zebra standing behind the other zebra.
a small zebra.
An orange truck parked behind another larger truck.
the vehicle can not be fully observed.
A TWO PERSON SITTING CHAIR IN THE PARK PARALLEL FROM A MAN LYING IN THE TABLE.
A wooden bench parallel to the mans seat.
The skiier wearing a black jacket.
The adult torso in a black jacket with legs in grey pants and boots on skis in front of child.
sofa.
The chair with no white blanket on it.
Golden apples with bananas in a store.
bananas and apples.
a sitting bench in the left side.
Blue bench closest to the viewer on the left.
A NAVY MAN STANDING IN FRONT OF HILLARY CLINTON.
the man on the left in white standing closest to camera in the right hand picture.
blue and grey plaid skirt.
Person in plaid behind man with bananas.
A glass of red wine.
A glass of red wine.
A ski in a blue helmet is out front.
This is the skier in front bent over.
A tennis player in blue shorts and a blue shirt.
A tennis player with a bright blue shirt and shorts and white ball cap turned backwards.
blurry shot of man walking out of frame.
A blur of a person wearing glasses moving away from the bar.
small child being held.
A boy with white tea shirt ,who is held by a man standing.
a giraffe bending down to the a drink of water.
A young giraff taking a drink.
A white frosted cake beside a chocolate frosted cake in a box thats opened.
A cake with white frosting and black writing.
broccoli, cucumber, tomato salad topped with a lemon.
food left side.
A brown wooden chair being sat in by a woman with crossed legs.
A wooden chair on which a woman with white trousers is sitting.
A man holding a red frisbee that is below and to the right of the other two pictures of men holding frisbees.
piee of brocclie neares tthe man.
The reflection of the toothbrush in the mirror.
toothbrush to the right.
A chair a little girl with a striped shirt is sitting in.
a man wearing a red jacket.
a man in red and red glasses.
a unbrella with a angle.
An umbrella that is on the beach to the right of another umbrella.
The blue plaid umbrella.
A large blue umbrella over a persons head.
A bicycle with a man holding a blue surfing board on it.
An bicycle is back of another bicycle.
the fucilage of the plane on the right.
A woman wearing a pink shirt.
A woman fixing a kite.
A person wearing shorts and has their hand on their hip.
A person wearing dark shorts and a light shirt.
The red bus on the right.
The red and yellow bus to the right of the white and blue bus.
a person with black pants and a camera standing behind a table.
A person in a blue shirt and black pants behind the table.
A tall suitcase with a zebra design.
The tall zebra printed suitcase in the upper left.
A person with a blue and yellow glove.
A white cow standing beside a black pole.
the cow facing the camera.
A blonde-haired woman's head.
a blonde-haired middle-aged woman in glasses looking at a hot dog that is very close to the camera.
man skiing in a competition.
A skier coming down the slope.
A lady in a green sweatshirt in a kitchen.
woman wearing a green sweater.
The woman on the left is playing tennis.
The airplane at the gate.
A brown leather sofa sitting behind a glass table.
A couch that the back of the laptop is facing.
A man holding a tennis racket and balls embracing another man for a photo.
A man wearing glasses and a grey top with two orange stripes.
A person in black jacket riding a bicycle on the road.
A man riding a bicycle in the street.
The man with the blue shirt.
The man in the blue shirt.
a glass casserole dish full of food.
a rectangle glass baking dish with food in it.
a big giraffe standing on grass land.
An adult giraffe.
A man standing at the oven in a kitchen.
PERSON IN PURPLE SHIRT.
a boy was seeing in cell phone.
The kid.
One half of a loaded or stuffed baked potato in the foreground of a salad and the other half.
food item in focus.
A black laptop with a hand on it.
The black laptop with a hand on it.
A baby giraffe standing to the right of three closely-standing giraffes.
A giraffe with head held low standing behind other giraffes.
Adult male on bike.
a man riding a motorcycle with a small child.
A wooden basket holding a unripe banana and two oranges.
a bowl with an orange and a banana.
The bird on the right.
The bird on the right eating an in.sect.
A black cat wearing a green ribbon around its neck.
The cat with the green ribbon around it's neck.
A coffee kept on the table without untouched.
The cup of coffee near the croissant.
The rear end of a zebra to the right of all the other zebras.
Zebra to the right of three other zebras.
The apple in the bottom center of the box next to the lettuce.
apple next to another apple and lettuce.
The reflection of a man brushing his teeth.
reflection of man's face.
A grey laptop on a docking station.
The bottom half of a silver laptop.
a glass of wine with logo.
A wine glass with the winery imprint and a quarter full of white wine.
A spiral notebook with white, plastic binding stands near bananas.
White [plastic spiral binding of a blue book blurred in the background of a picture of a bunch of bananas.
empty chair.
Older man putting batter in the bowl.
A man with gray hair cooking.
A table containing food in front of a man holding a bite of food.
a table full of food.
male tennis player.
tennis player.
giraffe is eating grass.
A giraffe leaning over a fence as it eats.
A light orange cat with a striped tail walking next to a mirror.
the orange cat walking.
The sheep in the middle.
A very young lamb standing with two larger sheep in a green pasture standing around a fallen tree limb.
A black leather cough with pillows on it.
couch with two pillows on it.
moped bike.
The moped in the front of the picture.
A giraffe having a drink of water.
giraffe drinking water.
A satchel around the man facing the camera.
A black briefcase over the right shoulder of a man in a suit walking.
a man is standing wearing black coat and red tie.
A man wearing glasses and a red tie.
table where coffee cup is sitting.
coffee.
A woman standing in the water on her cellphone.
The woman on the phone.
A tan couch with two pillows.
The couch with pillows on it.
Man in the backround with a white collar looking up.
man standing in black sweater and white shirt under the sweater.
White and blue surfboard.
A white surfboard.
This chair contains the backpack of the student.
A chair with a backpack on it sitting next to a table.
White and red bus driving on a cross road.
A double-decker bus that is partly orange and says Hitachi on it.
The man on the horse on the left.
A smiling man in blue pants with red strips sits ontop of horse as it eats a carrot.
A opened suitcase with clothes sits on a floor nearby sheets.
A black suitcase with white items in the suitcase.
A man without a hat on.
the man on the left.
A man in a hood frowning.
A man in a yellow jacket.
A figurine of a woman holding an umbrella.
The figurine of a woman.
Hotel bed with a large blonde woman sitting on it.
bed being laid on by woman in white shirt.
man in back.
A person with a blue collared shirt drinking wine.
A black and purple piece of luggage outside of a train.
gray luggage.
a zebra standing in front of another zebra with his head on his butt.
left most  zebra.
the person with his or her back to the camera.
person with black coat and green hood.
A striped bear.
The yellow teddy bear.
A woman in a green and white shirt standing with her thumb in her pocket behind a vase filled with flowers.
a girl with a green shirt.
a red umbrella being held high in the air.
A red umbrella being held high in the air.
the black motorcycle.
A black motorcycle parked next to a blue motorcycle.
A vase with a poem written on it.
The showing part of the vase with the verse on.
An unoccupied brown chair at the head of the table.
An empty wooden chair back.
A child in a Krispy Kreme Doughnuts hat looking at doughnuts.
Boy wearing red shirt.
The black and the silver motorcycles parked behind the red motorcycle.
a picture of a black and grey motorcycle standing next to a red motorcycle.
wheels of the vehicle in the image.
The large bus.
A local mass transit buss.
A young kid is holding a large blue object to the right of another kid on a snowboard.
The kid in the back with the yellow pocket on their jacket sleeve.
the brown, undecorated donut.
cinnamon sugar donut on a table with Halloween-themed donuts.
Rear standing giraffe.
Small giraffe standing behind a larger one.
A motorcycle with a bright headlight.
A motorcycle with a bright headlight.
A small boy with a green and brown shirt.
A child in a black and green striped shirt reaching into a cardboard container of berries.
Girl cutting the hair of a man sitting a chair.
A woman cutting a mans hair with her hand on his temple and scissors in her lft hand.
A brown table which is holding different foods.
The empty portion of the table top around a bunch of takeout boxes.
A person hiking through the snow wearing a green parka.
A man in winter gear walking through a snowy hill.
stuffed black bear wearing yellow t shirt with orange pumkin on shirt.
The huge toy bear seated with a jack-o-lantern on one side of its body.
Green apple on the bottom-left corner, under the lemon and on the left of the orange.
A green apple on the left of a orange.
The middle fruit basket.
A hollowed-out melon with dark sauce in it.
Banana bird is perched on.
The banana the bird is on.
A banana bunch in the table.
Bananas grouped together.
man wearing gray pants and standing near water.
Man in grey pants standing up.
A man in a NC State shirt and black athletic pants.
A shoeless man in a red sweater and black pants sitting in an office chair.
the pancake that is closest to the camera.
the pancake nearest us.
the red truck.
A red and white fire truck with number 20 on the bumper.
The guy in a red shirt.
man in burgundy attempting to catch a ball.
A white National Express Bus.
a white express bus parked in the center of a parking lot.
Sidwwalk bench with tree stumps as legs.
THe wood pillar under the orange bag.
The man in the white cowboy hat who is talking on the phone.
A man in a white cowboy hat and a tan sweater.
a boat in the sea.
the podium where the lifering hangs.
A baby bird in a nest.
the last elephant.
An elephant being ridden by a woman in black.
An orange between another orange and a peeler.
A lemon between another lemon and a zester.
A flatscreen TV with a cartoon character on it.
A TV screen with a cartoon man being displayed on it.
A white keyboard in front of 2 monitors and 2 cpu's.
White keyboard.
The side wall that has a Boxtown refrigerator.
the side of the fridge in the kitchen by the stove.
the sheep in front.
Sheep looking at the photographer.
The smiling man.
A man in a blue shirt.
A man in a white shirt and black shorts jumping to grab a frisbee.
man in white shirt.
The two larger of the two people playing the video game.
man in glasses playing video game.
A baseball pitcher in the process of pitching the ball.
The pitcher.
A white man with a white shirt and black shorts playing the wii.
An obese guy plays xbox.
The shorter side of two connected carrots.
The right branch of a carrot.
A red firetruck pulling out of a parking space in an urban environment.
Fire Engine number 9, turning the corner.
pizza without a wine glass sitting next to.
pizza in the foreground.
Girl with her dress hiked up.
blond woman in a green velvet dress exposing a black garter.
A wooden, backless bench with a person holding an orange umbrella seated upon it.
A wooden bench with a person on it.
The yellow signal box that is facing a picture of Deniro.
The back of the yellow signal on the right.
A train engine from the High Chaparral Railroad Company.
A train.
a glass of ice water.
A glass of water with ice in it.
An adult elephant touching trunks with a baby elephant.
the largest bench that is cornered.
A black car that has all of its windows rolled up.
The front half of the black car in the far lane on the road.
a man in a brown shirt holding snow skis.
This is a bearded man in a red shirt.
the plain colored coffee mug hanging on the wall.
a plain black cup  hanging on a hook.
The man with the bald spot showing with back turned.
man behind yellow coat man.
Jockey on a horse with number 10.
Jockey in yellow hat and orange diamonds on sleeve.
red van with no windows on far side of street.
A red van.
A man with a blue shirt on and his white ball cap turned around backwards.
Young boy sitting at a bar.
Two white game controls.
An older lady with a flowery top on and holding a Wii controller playing a video game.
the woman on the left.
A teddy bear holding a sewing needle.
The gray table with the paper next to the cup on it.
A green motorcycle.
A green Kawasaki motorcycle with a gray seat.
A man in a black suit speaking into a microphone.
A man in a suit and a blonde woman, both wearing headsets.
A woman walking on a sidewalk looking backwards.
The lady in black holding a purple umbrella.
Woman on white chair while smoking a cigarrete.
A woman is taking kiss from that person.
A tall giraffe rubbing its head against the building.
A tall giraffe in front of two other giraffes.
A red sweater on the back of a chair.
The red jacket on the back of the chair.
A man with facial hair who is sitting in a chair.
man with check shirt sitting on the couch.
A man looking at he doors of a subway train.
A man running up to the door of a subway train.
referee.
A guy in yellow at a soccer game.
A pizza with broccolli, onions, mushrooms, and a variety of vegetables on it.
A plate of mushrooms, broccoli, onions, and other foods.
A woman in a red apron.
a woman wearing a plaid shirt and a red and white polka dot apron.
Umbrella with multiple colors.
umbrella of various colors.
The blurry skateboard with the guy in black pants.
A black skateboard with white wheels being ridden by a rider with black pants and white shoes.
a man with an earring and wide eyes, eating a snack with powdered sugar on top.
a man eating a doughnut.
A large white vehicle in front of a white car.
A WHITE COLOURED TRUCK IN FRONT OF A CAR.
A television playing a video game with the word round on the screen.
the t.v.
A black leather love seat farther from the bed than the other love seat.
leather chair next to the TV stand.
White colored travel bag on the lap of old lady.
womans purse.
sandwich in the left side of the image.
sandwich on left.
The cargo area of a large white truck with a blue arrow under it.
The side of a large, white truck.
A white horse facing the camera.
The horse nearest the fence.
An old worn out truck being towed by another truck.
The black truck being towed by another truck.
A dark brown horse with a checkered horse blanket in a corral.
a fork on a white tissue paper.
this is a fork under a spoon.
A white plane with two green horizontal stripes.
A White and green plan.
The yellow colored cat laying next to the black cat.
Light brown cat laying on the bed.
A gray couch with a black dog next to it.
a sofa and tabule in room.
The brown and white stuffed animal that is next to the blue cushiony thing.
larger white and brown stuffed animal behind front white bear.
The cow that has little black spots.
mostly white cow.
The clock face to the right of the other clock face.
the clock on the right side.
A white commuter bus parked at an airport.
RB-4 are the numbers on this white bus that is going down the road.
A castro team baseball player hitting the ball with the bat.
batter setting up for a bunt.
A woman with a red shirt sits on a couch with a laptop.
A women in a red jacket with a laptop on her lap.
A silver vehicle parked along the side of the street.
white car.
A black and white cat sitting on a window ledge near a black cat that is laying.
A cat looking out the window.
A Woman Wearing Green Striped cap is sleeping.
woman with grey sweater and green hat.
The smaller of two giraffes.
A baby giraffe follwing a larger one.
The first man in line.
A person in a white coat to the left of some other people.
A man with a brown shirts and blue jeans catching a blue frisbee.
Man taking a step while catching a frisbee.
A Zebra above another Zebra.
A horned bull sitting to the right of two other bulls.
A bull with short horns.
the kid holding the kites.
The kid is flying a kite.
front of old style television.
A TV with the screen facing front.
The girl in black with the braided hair.
Person wearing full black.
A blonde woman wearing all black sitting on a motorcycle.
A blond girl is sitting on a black motorcycle.
A man carrying his daughter.
A man in a black and white striped collared shirt holding a toddler in a colorful bubble shirt.
The man and girl are riding on a motorcycle.
A man is riding a motorcycle with a young child.
A larger elephant behind a smaller one.
An elephant with tusks.
The front half of a black horse.
The head and front legs of a jumping horse.
A woman wearing an apron and a white hat.
woman coring a tomatoe.
There is brown colored sofa with one pillow.
couch left side of the image.
A man to the left side of a TV screen, facing it and holding a controller on his right hand.
The man to the left of the tv.
A woman standing in front of a man sitting on a bed.
Reflection in the mirror of the lady in blue jeans wearing gray and blue jacket.
black monitor with Windows logo on screen saver.
A black computre monitor.
A partially consumed bottle of soda.
Small elephant pointing away from camera.
Baby elephant facing the mother.
A man in an orange top with a blue turban riding a black elephant.
the man on the black elephant.
Three elephatns, the middle one is the biggest and is raising its' trunk.
The larger of the three elephants.
The table top between the cup and mug.
The wooden table.
The catcher is ready to catch the ball.
the catcher who is waiting to catch the ball to tag the runner.
person in white in background.
man wearing a white shirt in the background.
a dirty open toilet.
A white toilet with the lid up between two other toilets.
women on the lower right corner image.
Woman watching tv who is the below and too the right of the other women.
Giraffe sitting and looking toward camera.
A small giraffe sitting on the green grass.
closest zebra.
The zebra's eye is looking at the camera.
The young man with the backpack is enjoying his music.
man walking on sidewalk with bookbag.
The green sofa on the right.
An arm of the couch that a man with glasses is sitting on.
An older woman in a black suit looks upon a spread-out buffet of pizza and other foods.
a woman in black shirt with gray hair standing next to a man.
The bride.
A blonde woman in a wedding dress.
left most of two benches.
a banch.
There is a cat with black belt around the neck.
The orange cat with a black collar sitting on a black box.
The Liquid soup with a spoon in the glass bowl.
dirty spoon in a glass bowl.
The umbrella with the red, blue, pink and dark blue slices.
A parasol on the right side.
A man wearingcamo stands in front of a sitting woman.
person wearing camo patterned t-shirt partially visable.
A horse getting washed.
a horse being washed by a man.
A man wearing a blue t-shirt.
man in blue shirt.
The blue bike beside of which a police man standing.
The motorcycle that is fully shown.
Half of a sandwhich closest to the beer.
Half of a sandwich, nearer to the drink than the other half.
The girl in the blue shirt holding the wii controller.
girl playing play station.
Woman with long brown hair.
a woman sitting on a bench talking to another person.
A dark vehicle in front of a silver vehicle.
The black car with the silver topper.
A tan sofa chair.
The elephant butt with one leg.
the back end of an elephant to the right of an elephant looking forward.
blue bowl on right.
The blue bowl with the orange and green food.
A plate off to the side with egg shells in it.
Cooking table in background.
Chef work station in kitchen.
largest TV set.
the biggest television set.
A giraffe leaning over another giraffe.
giraffe whose head is still behind the fence.
A hand bag in the shoulder of a person who is wearing black long sleeve jacket.
the back end of a motorcycle with a license number 5030.
Black motorbike on the street.
Brown suitcase beneath three others.
The lowest suitcase.
A man sitting on the motorcycle with a hat in his lap.
Man in a uniform sitting on a very old motorcycle.
a shirtless man rides a skateboard.
A skateboarder wearing black checkered shoes, aloft at a skate park.
The girl in the black dress.
A woman wearing a black dress holding a white remote control.
bagel with purple paste on it which has bites in it and is to the right of another bagel and is on a white plate.
the body of a zebra standing behind a tree.
a zebra hiding behind a tree.
PERSON ON BOTTOM LEFT CORNER.
A customer looking at what she should buy, has glasses and a black shirt.
A lady wearing a blue shirt and a white hat with a pink polka dot band, looking up at a man sitting atop a bus.
woman standing wearing a white hat.
Large woman sitting down on a boat dock.
The person who is seated.
Black laptop in the background.
computer on the right in the back in the right hand picture.
The man dressed in white that is playing tennis on the courts.
A man wearing an all white tennis outfit.
The slice of sandwich to the right of the pickles.
The half sandwich on the right.
a guy in a purple shirt and shorts riding a skateboard down some stairs.
A man skateboarding.
The man cooking the pancakes.
The man is making pancakes outside on the griddle.
A dark brown bear in a blue sweater.
A teddy bear with a blue sweater.
The cushioned chair in the background.
A yellow back to an empty booth in the background behind two people.
banana with big brown spot.
The banana to the right of all the other bananas.
a rustle color train on a track in front of a building.
the train in the station.
A dog catching a frisbee.
The black and brown dog jumping for the frisbee.
A man with a mustache and yellow shirt preparing a sandwich.
A older man with alot of facial hair making a sandwhich.
A girl wearing purple top.
a women in the sea near.
A brown and white horse next to another one both standing beside the ocean on the sand.
Horses standing on the Sea shore.
A large black man eating a hot dog with a flag draped around his shoulders.
Man draped in American flag in hot dog eating contest.
a man looks seriously.
a hefty male wearing a crown, looking at an object.
A red train makes its way down the track.
The red train.
A man in a white shirt, crouching, about to catch a frisbee.
man on left bottom.
Middle giraffe.
the giraffe in the middle.
A Caucasian man with a black cap and a black t-shirt with white stripes laying on a bed.
A man in black looking at a laptop next to three people.
A bunch of broccoli.
A bunch of brocolli on a plate.
The hands holding the lighter.
A pair of hands holding a candle lighter.
A motorcycle on a brick street.
A WHITE COLOR BIG BIKE WITH HELMET ON HIS SEAT.
an orange bus labeled Pollini.
red bus that says pollini.
A woman in a blue hat riding an elephant.
A woman wearing a blue beanie hat.
A pizza topped with tomatoes and olives.
The pizza furthest from the woman.
set of traffic lights directly above stop sign.
Three traffic lights facing the same direction as a stop sign.
plant in center.
The large plant, directly in front of the window.
A blue car at the back of yellow plane.
A blue car kept near by a yellow jet.
A white woiden chair.
Dinning table chair on the kitchen.
A black calf in grass.
A completely black calf.
a baby giraffe is standing in a cage along with another one.
baby giraffe.
A boy who is wearing a long sleeved brown shirt and brown pants.
A MAN IN ALL BLACK JUMPING UP IN THE AIR TO CATCH A BALL.
A BROWN COLOR SOFA IN FRONT OF THE ANOTHER SOFA.
A beige futon with a wooden frame.
A person in a red coat leaning over.
A skier in an orange jacket bending over.
A horse with a white stripe going down its face.
horse centered n frame.
Plant on window ledge with flowers in vase on table in background.
left side of a bed besides the girl.
man bending over on beach.
a man in a wet suit and hat bending over next to a blue surfboard.
a smiling lady in a red frock.
A blonde girl in a pink skirt.
A blue knife on a wooden bar.
The pairing knife with the blue handle.
beer glass with less foam on top.
A glass of beer sitting to the right of another glass of beer.
the giraffe in the back.
A giraffe that is facing left.
The chair on the corner of the table closest to the plant.
A man on a skateboard at the top of the ramp.
A man in bluejeans and a white shirt riding on a skateboard.
pizza pie with green leaves on it.
A margharita pizza with spinach.
A man focusing a camera.
A boy holding a camera.
A table that is nearest to the person taking the picture, where a girl is eating a slice of pizza and we can see her shirt logo.
slice of pepperoni pizza, dasani bottled water.
Catcher.
A baseball catcher is poised to catch a ball from the pitcher.
red van approaching woman.
The reddish truck.
A man and a woman dressed in casual clothes with the man's arm around the woman's shoulder.
A man wearing a blue shirt whose right hand hugging a woman.
The cow at extreem right.
The cow to the furthest right.
A glass of with wine on the dinner table.
A wine of glass with a light color wine.
Baby elephant who's drunk and face is visible.
A baby elephant staring a a small piece of bark on the ground.
A black and white striped chair in a living room that is half on top of the rug.
A black and white striped chair near the television that is half on area rug and half on the hard wood floor.
A person dressed all in black on a skateboard.
A skateboarder wearing a black shirt.
The tall black bike.
The closest bike.
The zebra to the left of the other two.
A zebra to the left of others.
right hand giraffe.
giraffe on the right.
The man on the left wating a banana.
A bald man eating a banana.
Beautiful, cream colored, flower printed sofa placed behind a lamp table and a teapoy.
A flowered couch next to the wall in a living room.
man wearing blue jacket and glasses.
the man in blue jacket in front of the gaming zone.
a man walking down the street.
A BLACK AND WHITE PHOTO OF A MAN WALKING ON THE SIDEWALK.
A man in a hat standing near a woman with an umbrella.
An older man with a hate.
the bread on the right in the right hand picture.
Omelete to right of cherry design on plate.
car behind man with sign.
A car is parked along a street behind an older man holding a sign.
A pile of oranges that are not in a bag.
The oranges that are not in the bag.
a brown leather chair in a bedroom closest to the bed.
The doughnut which is on the top of the other one.
The donut on the top of the other donut.
The scissor doors of a bus type vehcile.
A yellow bus parked to the left of private bus number 1235.
A brown horse running down the waterfront carrying a woman not wearing a hat.
The horse in front of another horse.
Animal on the right.
The lighter giraffe whose face is visible.
Motorcycle on the left of the other motorcycle parked by the sidewalk.
the furthest left motorcyle.
A red and yellow asian tour bus.
a big orange passenger bus  reflecting other buses on the side of it.
A black chair next to the counter.
A green folding chair with a black bag sitting on it next to a counter.
A stove top on the left side of the kitchen.
black gas cook top.
wooden skateboard with orange wheels.
A wooden skatebaord with orange wheels.
A man with a brown hat standing by a horse.
A man in a beige hat wearing a gray glove is patting a horse.
A man  wearing a hat, plaid shirt and kaki pants holding a camera.
A man in a plaid shirt and khakis in the middle.
A duck with it's beak in the water that is in front of the other duck.
A duck is drinking from the water he is sitting in next to another duck.
a darkened piece of pizza on a plate.
A lone piece of quiche, sitting on a plate with two other pieces.
A tennis player with tape on his knee.
A male tennis with a red racket in his right hand.
glass of wine on table.
A wine glass filled with a pale liquid that is half full.
A white bath tub in the middle of the room that is shaped like a bowl.
A fancy white bath tub.
A boy holding a baseball bat.
A man in green baseball uniform.
A boy in black and orange baseball uniform swinging a bat.
Little boy in a black uniform and orange socks.
Green plants with thin leaves in front of porch.
plant in the left side of the image.
The Gears of War game.
The Gears of War box.
A man cutting a cake.
A guy with glasses is cutting a cake with 29 spelled out in almonds.
Blue chair seat.
a blue chair in a room.
A purple umbrella shields a pedestrian from the rain as she looks over her left shoulder.
A deep purple umbrella.
A boy who is skateboarding in the air so his hair flies up.
Boy who is skateboarding.
bed far right.
the bed with the most padding.
A TEN WHEELER BLUE COLOR GOODS TRUCK IN A HARBOUR.
A big truck in front and its entire vehicle is visible.
a man in underwear standing on road with banana in his underwear.
The back of a man with a banana stuck into his underpants.
A baseball play wearing white and the number 3 on the back.
A baseball striker with Number 3 on his shirt is striking the ball.
A woman holding many white and blue hoops.
A person that is sitting and you can not see there head.
The tallest giraffe is stretching his head upwards to reach his food.
A giraffe on the right side, reaching up for something.
a blue bus parked on the side of the road.
A blue and white bus following another.
brown ceramic bowl in the background.
The brown bowl on the left.
Smallest apple.
A small reddish apple on the plate.
The bottom layer of the cake.
The bottom layer of the cake.
The woman standing near the plant texting on her phone.
A woman in a white shirt with gray pants standing behind two men playing tennis.
2nd guy from the left in the right hand picture.
The man with dark jeans and a black shirt.
the man in the back.
A bird flying at a lower altitude than the other birds.
the giraffe furthest to the left.
The giraffe furthest on the left.
A white tour bus with big, clear windows.
A white bus with the words Young Man on top of the door.
A man wearing blue T-shirt carrying a bottle.
the man in the light blue shirt.
The grey bike in the middle.
the second motorcycle in a row of motorcycles.
A piece of broccoli between a piece or corn and a tomato.
A piece of broccoli under a piece of corn in a bowl.
pizza in center of picture.
A pizza sits on a green tray.
A plant holder at the end of the wall.
The pizza closest to the bottles.
The two left most pieces of pizza.
the shortest giraffe.
A rearview mirror showing a traffic jam with several semi trucks.
A picture of a rear view mirror in a vehicle showing semi trucks backed up in traffic.
A boy learning over some fruit.
The boy leaning over.
a school bus painted in many colors is behind another bus.
Blue car.
A piece of cake with blue icing.
A pizza on a plate in front of a woman.
A pizza in front of a woman.
A cow with a large ring through its nose standing beside a calf.
the cow with the ring in her nose.
A hot dog with mustard and relish on a paper plate.
A dark-haired man signing a baseball bat.
An Angels baseball player signing a bat.
The duck in the water.
A young duckling that is yellow, brown, and black in color and has brown eyes floating in the water.
A young girl wearing a white shirt and a scarf that is helping to hold a pizza.
A girl in a white shirt holding a pizza with two other girls.
The mirror and the side of the car.
A side-view mirror.
woman on phone.
A woman holding and using a touchscreen cellular phone.
A blue cow covered in flies.
A bull with flies all over his face.
Blonde guy in dark blue jacket standing closest to red car.
A man with brown pants and a navy jacket standing beside a red car.
The fire engine with the yellow hose attached to it.
The firebus with the hose attached.
Young woman wearing jeans and a striped shortsleeve shirt.
The woman in the red, white and black shirt.
person in blue behind the kid.
A person in dark clothes sitting at a diner above a toddler on the phone.
The striped chair closest to the tv in the top right.
The checkered chair facing left that is fully visible.
The skateboard under the boy with blue shorts.
A skateboard being riden by a man.
Empty table set with glasses.
the matress corner under the plaid sheet.
the corner of the mattress under the plaid sheet.
An out-of-focus arm clothed in a pale blue-gray sleeve at the far right side of the photo.
Out of focus person's arm with gray shirt.
A young brunette woman in a grey and black shirt playing Nintendo Wii.
woman wearing silver shirt playing wii.
the man in the black sweater and jeans.
A boy in a hooded sweatshirt and glasses.
A blurry grey car.
The silver car that is blurred.
A goalie in a white jersey diving for a soccer ball.
a soccer player in black shorts  is reaching for the ball.
A woman wearing a brown shirt holding a pink umbrella.
A woman in a brown tank top.
car number five that is in the snow.
man standing in blue stripped shirt.
A man in a blue shirt.
Guy in dark shirt.
A man with glasses sitting in a chair looking at a computer.
the bus on the right side in green color.
FRONT OF A GREEN BUS.
A gray crate with black wheels.
A closed gray luggage cart.
a white crib.
White crib.
Colored man holding a baseball bat by home base.
It is a baseball player holding a bat in a white shirt.
The chair entirely visible.
The chair to the right of the table when looking at the picture.
blue bottle on left of identical blue bottle.
The legs of a giraffe in the background, walking on a rocky plain.
A giraff in the background walking towards the water.
The elephant leading the way.
An elephant walking in the grass.
An elephant with riding bench on its back standing between two other elephants.
An elephant standing to the left of another elephant.
a woman swing a tennis racket at a green tennis ball, with a shirt that reads Just Do It, and blue and black shorts.
A woman playing tennis.
the motorcycle that has a large gap between the steering and the wheel.
A red and silver motorcycle with two people riding it.
food in a blue container inside a container with other food.
A blue plate holding fresh fruit and vegetables.
The kid with the orange shirt on and has the number 8 on the back of his shirt.
boy in baseball uniform.
An unoccupied chair.
A chair not being occupied.
A small pink bike on the dirt.
little girl's pink and orange bike.
A woman puts a spoon on a chocolate dessert.
Woman in a green and white shirt.
The dining table with 4 chairs.
Table with four chairs closest to the photographer.
The bear on the road with his back turned walking toward the other bears.
A bear cub with one paw on the road and one front paw raised to take a step.
bald man with badge around neck.
A bald man with a blue shirt and jeans wearing a lanyard and badge.
vase on left.
A clear glass vase containing a green plant on the left with two similar vases sitting two its right.
The man in the gray shorts and white shirt.
a man was playing  tennis.
a woman's hands with red nail polish holding a wine glass.
A hand holding a glass of wine that's below another hand doing the same with a slightly less full glass.
A right hand grasping a handle at the top of a blender.
A mans hand reaching for the handle.
A white color fork is beside the curry bowl.
A plastic white color fork near the bowl.
A blue bench againt the grass.
Wooden benches painted blue in front of short shrubbery.
The giraffe on the left.
A giraffe standing to the left of another giraffe.
Commercial stove with a person standing in front.
A stainless double stove.
A fried plantain on the upper left hand side of the plate.
A slice of banana in the upper-left corner of the plate.
A wicker chair.
A brown wicker chair.
sheep that is mostly black with white hind quarters.
A goat that is mostly black, which also has some white.
a old man sitting chair.
Older man with grey beard and moustache.
The orange whose stem is not visible.
An orange to the left of another orange.
There is a player playing catcher in the baseball game.
baseball player with glove.
Guy with a toothy smile in blue spandex.
man biker wearing blue out fit with helmet stands next to bike.
A blue van is parked on the side of the street.
The silver van that is parked to the left of the moving truck.
A dark wooden chair behind a person's hand.
A baby in a green shirt holds a paper plate.
A smiling baby in a green shirt being held by a woman.
A brown draft horse with white markings on its face pulling a large wagon of hay.
Horse to right of other horse.
A man playing baseball wearing red helmet outside the green field.
A man getting ready to swing a baseball bat.
A woman in white dress.
woman wearing white shirt seated across table.
broccoli next to nuts.
a side of brocolli.
a man and a white shirt and a black bow tie.
man and woman posing.
The center ambulance of three, white with yellow stripes.
An ambulance in the middle of two others.
A white train car at the front of the train.
front of the train on the train tracks which has a blue marking.
a girl in a green halter top plays wii.
the woman wearing the green tank top and blue jeans.
a chair sat on by a man.
woman with red dress.
Woman with eatable watching for someone.
The rear of a bus that is not fully visible in the picture.
THe man in the middle wearing the green blazer looking down at his phone.
A man wearing a blue hat, blue shirt, brown jacket and blue jeans holding an attache case and a cell phone.
The white motorcycle type vehicle, not including the driver.
white motorcycle.
bowl with meat and beans.
A white bowl with a beef and cashews dish.
A pink, oval shaped bowl filled with brown rice and veggies.
rice with veggies.
A baseball player diving in a maroon shirt.
a baseball player in a burgundy jersey dives for home plate.
man.
The man sitting on the couch.
Dark blue suv.
The dark SUV on the other side of the pole.
An adult sheep with a baby sheep crawling off her back.
A large animal next to a smaller one.
Two Giraffes at zoo waiting to eat.
Two giraffes looking in opposite ways are shown.
The larger half of a sandwich to the left of another sandwich.
A bigger half of a sandwich near the grapes.
A black suitcase behind a teal container and under a blue and orange bag.
Woman with long hair on the left.
the woman wearing the plaid shirt.
player throwing frisbee.
A young man with brown shorts and a plaid shirt throwing a frisbee.
A tan car sitting in front of a couple of darker colored vehicles.
a champagne car.
cake.
A cake that has been partially eaten on a plate.
girl eating bread.
A young girl eating a hot dog.
An elderly lady on a purple cell phone with a flower in her hair.
An elderly woman in a white shirt and colorful flowers talks on her cellphone while holding a yellow and blue object.
Black bear in profile view sniffing ground.
bear on left.
A elephant with his trunk hanging down.
A large grey elephant in front of a bare tree.
A huge dark brown teddy bear.
The large dark brown bear.
freezer portion of refrigerator.
A stainless steel refrigerator with its water and ice buttons lit up.
cow back lower left corner.
the entire table.
a table with lots of italian food.
A picture of an older man with a black tench coat on standing next to a bench.
An elderly man standing beside a park bench.
A plate of potatoe salad.
White potato salad on a white plate.
BLACK PURSE.
A black briefcase with two pouches on the front.
silver fork upside down.
A fork on the table.
WESTERN TOILET IN BATHROOM.
A blue toilet in a bathroom.
A man in a grey suit with a yellow tie eating cake.
A man in a great suit smiling and eating cake.
THE MAN WITH YELLOW JACKET IS STANDING NEXT TO MAN WITH ID CARD.
a man in a yellow safety jacket.
A guy in a green t shirt with facial hair eating dessert.
guy in black shirt eating ice cream.
a man wearing a blue shirt and blue and white shorts serving a tennis volley.
a man was playing.
a man in uniform getting food out of a metal tray.
A man wearing a military uniform.
A monitor on the right of a group of monitors.
The rightmost monitor which has mostly text on it.
A little boy looking like he is about to start running.
A small child with a rainbow shirt runs toward another child.
A dark carrot next to corn.
Farthest carrot slice to the right.
A elephant which is left of the image.
The elephant that is more grey than the red elephant.
A yellow boat with one person navigating the boat.
yellow and white boat.
a man in a brown shirt and black shorts running.
A man wearing a dark shirt playing frisbee.
The pizza in back.
Two pieces of pizza in the background.
second to right zebra.
A keyboard below an elevated laptop.
the keyboard that is not the laptop's keyboard.
A brown and white horse in front of the others.
brown and white horse standing by itself.
curly-haired woman with soft cap and red shirt.
woman in baseball cap holding wine glass.
The light brown horse behind a dark brown horse.
A chestnut colored horse with a bold white stripe down its face.
Blue and yellow train on tracks.
A blue train no. 510.
A tennis player swinging his racquet.
A man swinging at a tennis ball.
A bus bench that says Bus Bench For Humans Only.
A bench that says 'Bus Bench for Humans Only'.
a pigeon with mostly solid grey wings touching the top of its beak to another pigeon.
A woman in a brown top and patterned skirt talking to a man standing next to a bicycle.
A girl standing in front of her bike with a skirt on next to the water.
tan colored table food is on.
a light brown wooden tabletop.
Orange on top of other fruits.
There is a orange above the bananas.
A LADY RESTING ON THE GROND.
This is a pretty crochet blanket covering a sofa.
The crocheted blanket is shades of blue and purple and white.
a blue rimmed motorcycle.
The motorcycle on the left.
top of a wicker chair with a bird sitting on it.
wicker chair with a small bird perched on top of it.
The yellow school bus.
A yellow school bus stopped at an intersection.
The black train engine.
Black train engine behind silver tanker on tracks.
The large grey ship.
The tallest ship in the water.
A white stuffed animal in the middle.
A very fuzzy teddy bear in the foreground of others like it.
A man in a gray shirt.
Two men on a horse.
The window behind the woman's head.
the blue picture behind the woman in the right hand picture.
A lady in blue t-shirt and white shorts sitting on a park bench.
A couple of friends are sitting on a bench and hanging out.
a man in green shirt is standing among another tree men.
Two friends wearing jeans getting ready to play tennis.
latop facing camera.
green colour laptop infront.
girl.
A kid wearing a pink coat holding green ski poles.
a white plate on the table.
The plate in front of the woman holding the hamburger.
a lunch box with rice, carrots, and a side dish.
back side box with rice curry and carrot.
A  gray sedan behind a  blue hatchback.
A blue BMW car with black and white license plate.
An orange, brown, and yellow train on the right side of the train tracks.
A train on the tracks.
A houseplant sitting behind a brown couch.
the plant behind the sofa.
Hand blurred reaching for something on the side of the desk.
Awhite hand in the background.
a white chair near table.
White chair at table.
a black purse.
A small black purse.
The orange semi truck.
An orange semi truck and it's orange trailer for any traffic light in the city.
BROCCOLI  AT THE CORNER OF PLATE IN A STANDING POSITION.
a piece of broccoli in a pile of vegetables.
A small pile of carrots on a pile of beans on a plate.
several slices of carrot.
A table and a table log with the sun hitting hit.
A dining table at the back.
A man wearing a brown hat leaning down to touch the foot of a horse.
A man bending over touching a horse foot.
Stuffed animals with a scarf.
The skis of the person in the red coat.
man on right.
Baseball player with a glove in his left hand.
An old women with skating in snow.
A woman wearing skis.
sandwich half that is standing up.
A sandwich half sits on its edge.
A white microwave that is under a black microwave.
white mirrowave.
A woman wearing black beanie.
a girl in a long sleeve black shirt, pink shorts and a black hat.
a bike in the forest.
Part of a bike on the ground surrounded by trees.
The back of a person's body who is wearing a green shirt.
The skis of the man who has one man on his right and one man on his left.
A square, black and green sports bag.
A blue color bag which has NOKIA printed in white color.
A skateboarder skating in a pool.
A skateboarder doing some tricks.
The black counter behind the woman in the blue shirt.
The counter behind the woman in blue.
THERE IS A PERSON WEARING BLUE SHIRT POSING FOR A PHOTO ALONG WITH ANOTHER PERSON.
Man in blue shirt.
A clear container of round brownies sitting on a table.
A clear container with chocolates in it.
A zebra facing the right.
A zebra facing opposite direction than the three other zebras.
White Noodles is garnished with green leaves in a bowl.
the food on the left.
An open computer on a person's lap.
laptop on woman wearing yellow shirt.
Giraffe which is lower to the ground.
lady giraffe.
A thick sandwich which appears to be made with bananas and bacon on whole wheat bread sits on a wooden cutting board.
A sandwich which is roughly triangular in shape.
A black and silver laptop on a desk full of multiple devices including phones and another laptop.
The keyboard of the larger laptop.
drawn cat next to the human.
A dark gray cat sitting next to a person with red pants.
A toothbrush facing down with the toothpaste on top of it.
a white toothbrush with aqua and blue colored bristles.
A whit dog with black patches laid in a light dog bed.
A white horse follows another along a rocky path.
the donkey in back.
A computer monitor that is turned off.
A right side monitor.
THE BEACH CHAIR ON THE RIGHT.
the lounge chair by the dark black shadow.
the back of a park bench with a woman sitting on it.
A bench with a woman sitting on it.
woman wearing black dress and grey over coat.
WOMAN ON THE RIGH.
The rod/ski with name trak nowax.
The red blue yellow and green ski on the very top of the pile.
The half of sandwich that is on the bottom.
bottom half of a pita sandwich.
White chair with no one sitting on it.
A basket with bread in it.
A basket holding bread and butter.
Chair with bag on its seat.
Chair underneath blue bag.
tall glass of water next to blue plate and orange juice.
A glass of plain water next to a blue plate.
The large zebra at the forefront of the photo eating off the ground.
A zebra stands directly in front of the camera, we face its side.
A horse tied to the left side of the first coming chariot.
A woman in a plaid shirt.
The women holding a baby in a yellow top.
Hair of the girl who is watching a Giraffe.
Back of young girl's head with light brown hair.
A light green couch.
forest green couch.
half of the back of a head with medium length blond hair.
A boy is sitting in the back watching the animals.
A man looking at a girl's phone.
A man with black hair and a black T-shirt on leaning over to see what is in the girls hand.
A girl in a sleeveless shirt.
A girl playing a video game with a controller in hand.
A zebra with two birds perched on its side.
A zebra with a bunch of birds hanging out on it's back.
the racks in the oven.
An open oven.
Giraffe facing the camera.
A smaller giraffe next to a larger giraffe.
A surfboard carried by the shorter man.
surfboard that is not tipped at an angle.
a woman with a bear in her arms.
a girl wearing white shirt blue shorts holding a pink polkadot bear scared.
a bed covered in white sheets with pillows.
a white mattress with two white pillows.
two suit case in the one by one.
The two smaller suitcases sitting ontop of the blue suitcase.
bald man in suit.
The man with the white shirt and shaved head.
the umpire.
the umpire crouched down behind the catcher.
The man on the right wearing a pink shirt and pink bow tie.
A tall man in a pink shirt with a bow-tie being hugged by a man in a blue shirt.
red table against wall, behind man, under flag decoration.
Bar room furniture in the bar.
A spoon underneath chocolate.
A sliver spoon with cake in it.
A woman in green dress is combing the hair of another woman.
A woman in a greet sweater combing another woman's hair.
A long iron table in the back of the boy.
THe bottom half of a man wearing black.
a man standing on top of a skateboard ramp.
The table all the people are sitting on.
A large white table with people seated around.
glass of iced tea.
Tall Frosty glass of iced tea with red straw.
A woman in a flowered shirt with a yellow scarf.
A woman dressed in a floral shirt and yellow scarf.
Man with phone.
a man in a brown jacket holding a camera.
three sheep standing in a meadow.
An end section of a table with a red square and a purple border.
A purple and red desk with two bears sitting at it.
Window far left edge.
Window seal beside Computer monitor.
A man wearing black tshirt holding a kite.
A black T-Shirt boy playing with kite.
The carrot on top left.
man tossing a bll.
A man in blue juggling a tennis ball.
The remains of a chocolate cake.
Chocolate cake.
The rear of a brown police horse on the right side.
A horse's rear end next to a man with glasses.
A lady with glasses on working on someone's hair.
A older woman brushing out a girls point tail.
a man was cutting a paper.
Two bearded men.
THERE ARE A BUNCH OF FOUR YELLOW BANANAS.
A group of ripe bananas, and some strawberries.
An airplane with EVA AIR written on it.
An EVA AIR airplane decorated with Hello Kitty decals.
A man in a white and red striped hat standing on one leg in dashing red socks.
A croquet player in purple socks.
Four white boats of different sizes are docked at the end of a pier.
A large boat that is docked in the river.
man in dark blue shirt.
an overweight guy with his arms crossed.
The woman canning vegetables.
A lady wearing a white and black striped dress.
A man sitting on a boat next to a man in white.
this is a person wearing a pink and purple striped shirt.
A tennis racket in the hand of a standing man.
tennis racket.
A boy in a golden shirt playing soccer.
a boy with brown t shirt.
Blue jeans on a man out of frame.
A glass of beer on a table.
a glass  on tha tabule.
A white motorcycle.
White sporty motor-cycle.
bicycle.
A young child with short blonde hair.
The top of a child's face and hair with a hand touching his face.
A lady sitting in a chair.
The person with the red and white striped shirt.
A man playing the Wii with his hands up.
A man holding a wii remote above his head.
The back half of the sheep in the furthest right picture.
The sheeps rear that is in the last frame.
An orange that is lower than two other oranges.
The horse closest to the camera, and furthest from the people standing in the grand stands.
A giraffe kneeling over.
A cow with a white face.
a brown cow to the right of another cow.
The surfer carrying the short orange and blue board.
A skier carrying a blue and orange skiing board walking in the ocean.
A large clay vase behind another.
the visible portion of the vase on the left, and the far left side of the adjacent vase.
The kid in a green shirt.
The person in the green shirt.
A woman with mic.
A woman in a long-sleeved red t-shirt with a black t-shirt over it.
A woman eating chocolate dessert.
Asian woman in floral shirt and glasses eating chocolate cake.
The piece of sandwich at the 1 o'oclock position on the plate.
the plate that's holding the sandwiches.
Plate holding sanwhiches.
vacant chair closest to the camera on the bottom left.
empty chair opposite woman wearing white shirt.
Boat with black motor.
The boat painted white and blue with a black motor on the back.
Cow with its tongue stuck out with its head in a car.
A black and white cow with its head inside of a car licking the ceiling.
The blonde chick.
A person with blonde hair wearing a red shirt.
a woman on the hone.
A woman wearing an orange top with a brown bag talking on her cell phone.
A baby sucking on a pacifier while being held by his dad.
A baby being held by a man with nipples in the baby's mouth.
A man in a black shirt and white pants throwing a baseball.
A boy that is pitching a baseball.
An oven above a second oven in a kitchen.
Guy grooming snow around snowboard obstacle.
Man with snow rake.
grapes.
a graps box.
The panda on the far right.
A panda bear facing to the right.
A girl in a grey tank top and brown shorts laughing with her friend.
a woman.
The bear looking up.
A bear sitting in the shade against a wall.
An upside down surfboard to the right of the men.
The upside-down surf board on the right side.
A woman in a floral dress holding a cell phone.
A woman reads a document in a kitchen with her friend looking on.
bed without pillow.
There is part of a bed that you can see at the bottom right corner of photo.
chef with black buttons on shirt, and closest to the upper right corner.
A chef in a white coat stands in the background watching two other chefs cooking.
Ipad sitting on the left side of the laptop.
a tab is displaying some apps.
broccoli with little crystals.
a piece of brocolli.
A banana behind two similar bananas.
One giraffe with neck straight beside another one leaning to eat leaves.
The giraffe that has the fully visible face.
bananas.
bunch of bananas on the right of the three bunches.
A LARGE BROWN AND BLACK DOG LAYING ON A BED.
dog that is yellow/black in color.
A man holding phone to his ear.
A man in a tank top holds his flip phone to his ear.
An elephant with his trunk touching the mouth of the other elephant.
elephant with short tusks and trunk extended.
A bright red pickup truck parked in front of a much darker one.
A red pickup truck with the windows rolled down.
A man in white in the back ground.
The back of a man who is wearing a white dress shirt along with a black belt and slacks.
a person wearing the skating sot.
A person with black ski boots on the lift.
A skateboarder wearing black clothing, glasses, and a white cover on his head.
The man in the black and blue shirt and black pants, is in mid-air with a skateboard.
The person holding the snowboard.
A man standing with a snowboard.
A white plane with a dark tail and no plane in front of it.
A white plane in the background with blue and red on it's fully visable tail.
The top bunk on the left side of the room.
Top bunk on left bed.
A silver tie.
a grey color tie is in left hand of a man.
A woman wearing a red long sleeved shirt.
A woman in a red shirt.
the man with a yellow jacket.
A woman wearing a hat.
A woman in a black hat next to the man.
A truck carrying a lot of bags.
A short train of luggage carts.
chair girl in black top is in.
Brown furniture chair with girl wearing all black sitting in it.
The white cat.
A orange and white cat laying on a black cat.
The white love seat on the right side.
The white couch on the right side.
A TENNIS PLAYER CHEERING POSING AND WEARING BLUE AND RED COLOR DRESS.
Tennis player.
A sheep with yellow tags in its ears that is holding its ears up higher than the other.
the sheep behind the other.
player no.15 fallen.
A baseball playing sliding into the plate.
a plate of bananas.
red plate with banana.
zebra in front.
the zebra which is in front of ua and facing to us.
A pizza in the background with ham on it.
A pizza covered in red onions on a wooden platter behind a pepperoni pizza.
An outdoor folding wooden chair.
A wooden deck chair with a green leaf design cushion.
A beagle in a yellow tshirt sniffs the cake excitedly.
A dog wearing a yellow and green shirt.
man in black dress.
A man holding a drink and piece of food in his hand.
A baby elephant.
The baby elephant.
The sandwich to the lwft.
A toasted sandwich in a plate on the left of another one.
a boy with black hair in a blue and white jacket.
boy with blue and white jacket watching elephants.
Bubbling glass.
A glass of soda that is next to a plate of hot dogs.
A dog laying on it's side beside a person on a couch.
The dog near the woman.
the train that has a number 2 on it.
A train with the number 2 on it.
Black and brown chair closest to the door.
A wooden chair with black cushion to the left of a clock.
The person on the right half in the frame.
The person to the right with black curly hair.
pieces of apple in the right bottom side of the image.
A lot of apple parts.
A blue, green and yellow kite is in the air being held by a man with a whtie shirt and red bandana around his neck.
A blue, yellow, and green kite.
a long orange carrot next to a sharp knife.
a long carrot resting between a knife and a shorter carrot.
The man on the right that is dressed like a dog.
A man in a dog costume looking at a firehigdrent.
Yellow double-decker bus.
A blue and yellow double decker bus with the words EASTBOURNE on the side.
a piece of food on a plate with a red toothpick.
croissant sandwich with red-topped toothpick.
Three giraffes getting snacks.
The giraffe who has its head up.
a zebra with a brown nose.
A zebra with a brown nose and a white and brown mohawk down his back.
A big red color double compartment bus is running in a road with passengers inside.
The double decker bus.
white, bushy plant looking thing above a wooden bench.
tumbleweed.
the black table.
Part of the table that is darker.
a giraffe facing the left.
A giraffe turing left and looking for its feed.
The man putting his snowboard on.
A male snowboarder puts on his snowboard while sitting down.
bike with yellow trip and white basket.
A bicycle with a white basket and a yellow flower on it.
part of the backside of a car.
Rear indicator lamp of white car.
A sandwich with tomatoes and no bites taken out.
The part of the sandwich closest to the person eating it.
A man in dark clothes kneeling, helping to lift something.
A man in bue under a fridge.
The reflection of a toothbrush.
the toothbrush WITHOUT toothpaste.
The person with the long hair in the red life vest.
MAN IN BACK.
a thinner man with an O face next to a bigger man.
man with opened mouth in the right side of the image.
The off-screen giraffe.
The back of a giraffe.
A jar of pizza sauce opened with a black label on top of the table.
The opened jar of pizza sauce on the edge of the table.
the woman holding the puppy.
HISPANIC FEMALE HOLDING PUPPY.
pepper roni pizzza on table.
A thin crust pepporoni pizza.
The hand of the person who is holding the hot dog.
Thumb holding hot dog.
A full pizza sliced into six pieces.
Cooked pizza with basil, cheese and pepperoni.
basebally player laying on the ground.
A baseball player with a red shirt, laying on the ground.
a bar stool partially pulled out.
A chair that is closest to the refrigerator.
A car that has part of its back end hidden by a sign.
top of black suv.
A boy in a white shirt working on a laptop.
A teenaged male in a white shirt working on a laptop computer.
A smaller bird standing in front of two other birds.
A small turkey pecking the ground.
the cake under the word brap.
A birthday cake for BRAP.
straps.
The straps of a white and black backoack.
the catcher of the game.
A baseball catcher.
the little child sitting at the table.
A small child wearing a grey shirt.
Girl with shoulder length brown hair in a brown shirt playing with a wii remote.
woman on right.
A woman in a chair judging a match.
A court official sitting on a tall seat.
two pieces of bread, one on top of the other.
A plain piece of bread above a spoon.
The grilled cheese to the right of the fries.
The half of the sandwhich nearest the coffee cup.
A flower in a curved vase.
An indoor flower plant in a glass jar.
Red double decked bus on a street with another red bus behind.
A red doubledecker bus in the front.
A man with glasses eating pizza.
A man with glasses lifting a big piece of fresh pizza with red sauce up to eat.
A vase with four stems in it.
a pot on tabule.
the car that's white and black.
Silver car with black roof.
a boy in a blue tshirt with white lettering on it.
the child in the blue shirt looking at the camera.
The woman in blue sweater leaning showing phone to th eother woman.
This is a woman wearing a grey cardigan and black pants.
The plain white coffee mug.
A coffee cup that is behind three pieces of cheese.
a man in a striped shirt.
Man in striped shirt and shorts.
a female on the right with the kitty surf board.
a girl cat carton image which is sitting on painted surfing board.
The chocolate donut to the left of the coffee cup.
Man standing on skateboard.
A  MAN WAS SKATING THE ROAD AJND WITH IN GIRL FRIEND.
The second bus in from the bottom of the picture.
A cow on the extreme left walking in the streets of India.
Last of three cows on the left.
The front part of a red food truck that has two women standing in front of it, partially obscuring its view.
red food truck.
A top reflection for the orane train.
The window of a yellow subway train which a man is driving.
A white snowboard being held upright by a snowboarder.
A black snowboard will snow covering it's bottom is being held by its owner.
There is a man playing tennis on a clay court whearing black shorts, a white shirt with stripes, and a white cap.
tennis player not facing camera.
A boy who is tilted to the left and has his arms out playing a video game.
Boy leaning sideways while playing a game.
A mason jar with soda.
A Mason jar being used as a glass, contains iced coffee.
The small red and black car.
A small red and black Smart car.
a whitee an black cat.
The gray and white cat on the left.
Two pieces of pizza stuck together on the right side of the plate.
two slices of pizza on the white plate that are not all the way cut through from each other.
closest pizza.
A sliced pineapple pizza, in front of another identical pizza.
A little girl holding a remote.
A small girl with a controller.
Couch under the picture.
white coffee cup on right with spoon on plate.
A small spatula which is above all spatula.
Smallest wooden spoon of the group.
a man in a black suit.
a man wearing black dress.
The knife that a woman is holding.
in hand there is a knife.
A blue & white kite flying on the right with blue tails.
kite with blue streamers being flown.
Pizza pie in a box with one slice missing.
Pizza with a slice missing.
A white high chair sits in the corner of a playroom.
a white high chair standing next to a wall.
A wooden bench in front of yellow pansies.
Empty wooden bench on park pathway.
The baseball player who's feet are almost touching the grass.
guy in background.
A zebra stares into the distance.
A xebra of which face is visible.
There is one elephant standing near the non parking area.
the elephant on the far right.
white van.
a bus.
A stainless steel bowl containing rhubarb.
Three bowls filled with fresh produce to the left of carrots on a cutting board.
The lap top on the right.
the laptop with white screen.
cat in the right side of the image.
A cat in a dark room, looking out the window with another orange cat to its left.
The right most zebra eating grass.
A zebra stands slightly apart from two others to graze.
A brown, orange and white double decker bus is parked among other buses in a grassy area.
An orange double decker bus parking in a grass field.
person on scooter wearing black helmet, and has black backpack.
Man on moped wearing stiped shirt and black helmet carrying a backpack.
The back of a sofa with some blanket tossed upon it.
Flowered quilt on back of couch.
Two carrots next to a knife.
Carrots.
a white and black tennis racket with yellow trim on the inside.
The tennis racket on top of the net.
The kitchen counter that has the two plants with American flags sticking out of them.
a yellow flatbed truck.
The yellow truck.
A green table cloth spread on the table.
An Asian man staring happily at his smart phone.
A young asian man sitting on the ground in front of a gate looking at his phone.
Chair with red plaid throw on it.
A black chair with a red plaid blanket draped over the back.
A table covered with a veggie pizza and has fruits and vegetables on the side.
A table with vegetables and a pizza on it.
A hand towel hangs on the handle of the stove behind the boy.
Oven mitt on silver bar.
A man in dark snowboarding gear is snowboarding down a slope.
Snowboarder dressed all in black.
A FIRST ONE COLORED UMBRELLA WHERE A LADY PURCHASING SOMETHING.
The cook facing the table.
A chef in a striped apron standing next to a counter full of food.
tan couch on left.
A couch with a green-and-white and black-and-white pillows on top.
Man in striped shirt wearing glasses.
This is a man sitting in a striped shirt.
A dark grey dog on a light grey round bed wearing a red collar.
dog lying on blue dog bed.
A person in checkered shoes and flared jeans.
young guy wearing blue jeans and black lined yellow t shirt is standing and talking to his friends is in the image.
top most orange in the basket.
A woman brushing her teeth.
Person whose reflection is in the mirror.
the man holding the bat.
a man with a pointy object(really? looks like a bonner :|.
The horse on the left.
Skateboard being ridden by a skater in a indoor park.
black skateboard with white wheels.
A girl wearing glasses.
A girl on a laptop.
The man in glasses sits with two young boys.
A man seated between two children holding a hotdog.
A lady watching the water.
A WOMEN SEE THE SEA WATER IN BACK POSITION.
A woman sitting in a black chair wearing black mini dress.
A woman in black sitting on a chair.
A baby crib in a nursery that has many toys and stuffed animals.
a child bed in the room.
A small boy sits in a chair beside pizza.
a small cutie little boy with gam on the face.
Small pizza with onions and peppers.
A brown wicker chair.
the dog laying down closest to the laptop.
a bed with a blue sheet and a white pillow.
area of sheets above the woman.
zebra standing with its head up.
A zebra with its head up standing in front of a tree.
An umpire leaning over a catcher at a baseball game.
A home plate umpire calling a pitch.
the boat to the right of the dog.
section of boat furthest to the right.
a zebra searching for water.
A mother Zebra with brownish markings, with a nursing baby.
A little girl in pink ski pants and skis.
A small boy wearing red pants, white shirt, helmet and scating shoes.
worker in the shadpws in a purple shirt.
a giraffe with his neck reaching out.
The goraffe in full view.
The shorter of the two glasses.
Wine glass to the right of the champagne flute.
A man wearing a red jacket holding a camera standing near a train.
Man with a red coat on standing on the sidewalk.
the bushes behind the parking meter to the right.
BUSHES ON THE RIGHT SIDE OF METER.
A black laptop which is open and a person is typing on it.
black laptop with blue screen.
Woman skier in with red skis and a blue helmet.
a victorious female skier holding the hands of two other women.
Elephant walking in the water.
The elephant on the left.
black chair bottom right.
the empty chair on right side of the guy waring blue shirt.
The spoon in the bowl of vegetables.
The spoon in the soup.
CATCHER KNEELED DOWN READY.
A man wearing a catcher's helmet with an orange faceguard.
The ice cream in the closest bowl.
A man in military uniform is posing with a hand peace sign while holding a soda bottle and a skateboard at his feet.
A soldier in uniform standing with a skateboard under him with a child near.
A boy sitting on a couch watching two boys play a Wii game.
A boy sitting on the sofa with two other boys.
The blue car whose tires is partially shown.
person in black puffy vest and red cap.
A man wearing a black vest.
A green bush between green and red signs.
A bunch of shrubs behind a blue sign.
A flipped over bench.
The bench under the skateboarder.
The rightmost chair.
the right most chair in the right hand picture.
A black lounge chair facing the ocean.
A baseball player batting.
baseball player swinging bat.
The hands holding the red handled tool.
The hands holding the red handled tool.
The ski on the left foot of the person wearing blue.
The doughnut to the far left.
A tennis racquet partially obscured by a photographic time stamp.
A tennis bat.
A plaid umbrella.
The black and grey checkered umbrella.
the pizza on the top right.
the pizza on the top right.
A glass of chocolate milk.
A mister donut glass with chocolate milk.
A slice of pizza in the woman's hand.
pizza on the hands of the person in left most side.
Black bag atop motorcycle.
A black bag on front of motorcycle.
A man in a greenish shirt watching a video on a portable media player.
A man in a lime shirt watching a small screen.
The child lying down on the bed behind the child standing next to bed.
baby girl in green on bed.
An outdoor wooden bench with rod iron.
wine bottle in middle of table.
Bottle of wine, third bottle from the left.
A large double deck green bus on a street.
green double decker bus.
blonde hair in the corner.
An elephant with its trunk raised.
Middle elephant.
A boy in red and black dress standing in sides holding skiing poles in hand wearing black helmet.
A boy in a red jacket.
a medium elephant on the left.
elephant on shore.
A silver and black scooter with an orange tiger stripe cat sitting on the seat.
A hot dog with relish, mustard and ketchup that is on the left of the other hot dog, wrapped in foil.
The hotdog on the left.
The vase on the right.
The vase to the right of the others.
The table and wine glasses at the right.
tabletop with wine glasses on the far right.
A peach on the bottom.
a peach sitting on a laptop.
An umpire standing behind a catcher.
A baseball umpire behind a catcher in a blue uniform.
Part of an orange long sleeve shirt.
A zebra running behind another zebra.
A giraffe standing back of another giraffe.
the baseball player standing closest to the base.
A boy playing baseball in a brown and gray uniform standing near a base.
Skiis being worn by a man with an unzipped jacket.
The biggest pastry.
The pastry in the right hand.
A brown wooden shiny table top.
Table space in background.
Flamingo with black beak.
A bird having black color beak is standing front.
Man jet skiing.
The man in red shorts.
a helicopter with two rotors.
Military aircraft is in flight slightly above an Air Canada commercial airplane.
Little boy in red shirt andn white pants sitting on benchh, front half of little boy in yellow shirt sitting next to him.
A boy in red t shirt eating carrot.
A women in a pink shirt petting a horse.
Woman touching the horse.
A man in a grey suit wearing three ties.
A middle-aged photographer wearing a suit and three dark ties.
Tallest plant.
The plant behind the ladies back on the right.
A white chair to the right of another chair.
two cats laying in bed.
A baseball playing who is getting ready to swing.
A PLAYER IS PALYING BASEBALL WEARING WHITE DRESS.
a brown sugared donut sitting on top of another donut.
The donut with only its side visible.
the red rooster food truck.
the Red Rooster food truck.
A park bench with two people in blue shirts sitting on it.
bench on the left.
A sandwich filled with lettuce, tomato, and crumbled cheese.
A huge sandwich with lots of veggies piled on a blue plate.
the blue car making the turn.
CAR.
A skate board, on which a boy wearing blue fullhand tea shirt is experimenting.
A wooden Skateboard being ridden by a teen.
A dark brown wooden table has a white table cloth.
A brown wooden chair.
A zebra which is to the left.
A zebra looking straight.
A cow laying down by a rock.
A black and white cow staring at the camera.
A man in a blue coat.
A snowboarder in a blue and white jacket.
A large, teal octopus-shaped kite.
A green squid kite.
The bananas behind the tic tacs.
the rightmost bananas.
A park ranger in uniform wearing a hat.
A man who is wearing a black color hat.
A brown wooden chair that is small.
A brown wooden chair.
this is a truck behind an ambulance.
A red and white abulence parked behind another one.
The woman with the blonde hair.
A woman wearing black standing over a boy.
A baby sitting in just diapers and getting their fingernails groomed.
child.
A man in a white hat riding near the elephant's head.
a man  wearing hat  on elephant holding a bullwhip.
a young boy or girl in a black shirt and jeans playing with a wii remote.
A younger boy playing a Nintendo Wii game.
Pineapple in a smaller blue dish with a lunch meal.
Pineapple chunks.
Brown buffalo.
the yak in the foreground facing right.
A boy in a maroon uniform playing soccer.
The soccer player in maroon.
A dark four door vehicle behind a black fence with a bicycle on top.
A silver van with a bike on it.
The zebra with no greenery covering part of him or her.
Larger zebra on left.
Suitecase with handle coming out.
A suitcase with a creepy clown right above it.
A giraffe looking toward the right  with a metal and wood fence behind him.
Giraffe with head tilted.
plane in the foreground.
A prop plane.
A wine glass of red wine.
partially filled glass of wine.
A bull in the farm on the left side to the farmer.
child in the blue shirt.
A boy watching bananas being chopped.
A woman in a black shirt holding a knife.
A woman in a black sweater preparing to eat.
A white laptop computer sitting on the bed.
A small white laptop with white and blue on the screen.
A girl wearing a jean miniskirt.
the back of a young girl with a blond pony tail playing a wii game.
The white cat laying down in the couch.
white cat with back against sofa laying behind other white cat.
A brightly light television that a boy is playing wii on.
TV THAT IS ON.
Black dog.
a solid black dog.
a man in a blue shirt and shorts throwing a frisbee.
A man in a blue shirt and dark blue shorts with a frisbee in his hand.
A glass of water right next to a green stuffed toy.
A glass of water to the right of the pizza.
A woman in a red blouse pouring coffee.
A woman in a red shirt pouring tea.
The top of a banana that has broken off from the rest of its bunch of three bananas.
The stem of a banana right above a green pear.
the blurry hotdog in the back.
A hotdog that does not have sauerkraut on it.
A woman in a red coat.
A lady in a red coat.
man with a cell phone.
A man in a black hat and t-shirt with a cell phone to his ear.
zebra focusing towards the camera in the front side.
A zebra looking at camera.
A person sitting on a bench.
A woman with brown hair sits on a bench.
A Delta airplane about to taxi down the runway.
Delta airplane taking off.
An Asian female with a yellow nike shirt and black shorts playing tennis in front of the stand.
A woman in a yellow Nike shirt playing tennis.
A woman in a wedding dress.
woman.
white dog laying on grass.
A small, light-colored dog lying in the grass.
little boy with green shirt.
The boy in the yellow shirt.
a man with white shirt and red sweater.
A boy in a red jacket.
a woman holding a baby, who is biting her finger.
A lady wearing a shirt put her finger in to the mouth of her child.
blue bag with a D logo.
A duffel bag with a green hat on top.
A stainless steel bowl on the table.
The silver bowl behind the white bowl.
Red couch seating three.
A brown couch with three people and a dog on it.
Guy with a dark shirt with glasses and a yarn bracelet eating pizza.
A man in a dark shirt eating pizza.
A guy in orange holding a bat.
boy with yellow t-shirt and white trousers.
dining table.
Slices of meat with tomatoes and onions on top and a bottle of ketchup.
A teddy bear wearing a green bow tie.
A teddy bear with tie, kept above a sleeping person.
Bag on the car seat, one on the right.
The right-most satchel.
The cup that shows a coke bottle on it.
The red coca cola cup.
A green ceramic vase.
a green ceramic vase on a white table.
Little girl in a dress holding a glass of water ponders dessert options.
A girl in a pink dress.
A spoon hold by a woman.
a silver fork in the background.
An adult white swan standing by the lake to the right of another swan.
the right goose in the groujp of two geese.
A cinnamon roll on a plastic wrap.
the back part of a cinnamon bun on a woman's lap.
A young boy who has his tennis racket held up next to two girls.
The male tennis player who is holding his racket in the air.
the zebra on the left.
A zebra standing next to the rock.
A woman standing in a field holding a kite.
The girl holding the kite.
Back of chair with bird sitting on it.
a yellow chair with a bird sitting on it.
young lady wearing spectacles.
A woman in a red shirt and blue and white jacket playing the wii.
The horse closes to the street.
A man in a muscle tee and shorts, standing by a bevy of green bananas,.
A man standing under bananas.
A WOMAN WITH UMBRELLA WEARING RED GLOVES.
The bag over the shoulder of the woman with the red gloves.
A green umbrella that has an identical umbrella behind it.
A green umbrella in front of another green umbrella.
A toilet closet that is fixed to the ground.
white urinal with silver piping.
A lady with the laptop, sitting under a tree.
A WOMAN IN BLACK COAT ON THE LAPTOP.
wooden chair being used by a boy in a blue and red striped longsleeve shirt.
The chair the boy in the striped shirt is on.
A man without a scarf selling green beans.
man selling vegetables.
The waffle at the bottom of the plate.
Grilled cheese closest to the bottom.
The pottery that is the second from the right, and is taller than the others.
The tallest white pot.
A crane working in the streets.
The work truck with the bucket under the wires, to the right of man standing.
An elephant in front of a smaller elephant.
Elephant that is front and center.
A zebra sniffing the ground and surrounded by other zebras.
A zebra eating grass with his tail raised.
A zebra bending down eating grass in between two other zebras.
a dark colored dessert in side of a white dish.
A black color food item in a cup.
a baby girl.
BABY IN BLUE DRESS ON TABLE.
umbrella on right.
A white color umberlla on the left hand of the lady, who is in the car.
A slice of cheese cake at the top of the fork.
A slice of cake near the fork's prongs.
A women standing and holding a white piece of paper.
women was standing and smiling.
girl in pink hat staring at horse.
A kid watching the horse by standing near an old lady.
a half part of a fedex van.
The back end of a  Fed-X truck parked beside some bicycles.
A man with a white shirt walking.
A guy in a white shirt.
The bannana in the back.
A bowl holding a blue strainer.
the bowl that is holding the strainer.
A bench on the road.
A black metal bench on the street corner.
Beige SUV that is parked in front of a bus.
A beige truck in front of an RV.
Woman hitting ball with racquet.
she's ready to hit a tennis ball.
a child holding skis.
small boy skiing.
a chestnut horse with a white stripe down its face.
A horse pulling a cart with another horse.
Woman on surfboard.
A woman with a knee brace surving in the ocean.
A white stuffed animal beneath a brown stuffed animal.
The white stuffed animal on the bottom.
A CRT monitor with a black & white photo of Bruce Lee displayed.
A white desktop monitor with brucelee photo on it.
the tennis player wearing yellow.
tennis player.
A black motorcycle right next to a red brick wall.
Motorcycle next to red brick wall.
a man cutting the pizza.
A man in an Adidas jacket cutting a pizza.
A green urinal in a multi-colored bathroom.
A green urinal is situated on the wlal.
Two women on laptops, one in a red shirt looking away and another in a black shirt looking at laptop.
The woman in black with a pony tail.
black toyota suv.
Black SUV with license plate that starts with the number 5.
A zebra with it's head on the back of another zebra.
Two zebras.
A cluster of broccoli.
The sheep highest up the hill.
A sheep walking ahead no back leg is fully visible.
A man in shorts and t-shirt taling to parking attendant.
A man in khaki shorts and a grey shirt.
the first suitcase of the picture.
A suitcase in the very bottom right-hand corner.
The olive green bag on the bench has recently been opened.
A man sitting at a table looking at food.
The man in the striped shirt is sitting down at the table.
the man third from the right.
the second man to the left with the striped t shirt.
The second broccoli from the bottom left on the plate.
Piece of broccoli laying horizontally touching the top of a roasted onion.
Girl wearing blue shirt and glasses.
A little girl with glasses and a blue shirt holding skies.
the second pizza slice from the left.
slice of flatbread closest to large green piece.
A yellow surfboard with the words Mendo Sea on it.
A surf board that says Mendo Sea.
A traveler with a black and yellow bag on his bag with others on transit.
A black and yellow backpack.
The man in the blue jeans pointing at something.
A man in a brown shirt and jeans holding a little boy in a light blue shirt and plaid shorts.
Small child eating.
Little boy with a piece of food in his mouth.
A black book bag with the name Haydock stitched on the front.
A Black suitcase with Text HAYDOCK.
A chair has a child eating a hot dog resting on it.
A seat taken by a boy eating a hotdog.
A black car behind bags of ice.
A black car parked next to a black trash can.
the zebra showing us its butt.
zebra in the middle.
small black and tan dog sitting up.
A dog sitting on a bed.
The only bagel dog that is completely visible.
A pig in a blanket to the left of all the other ones.
pieces of the table directly behind fork.
The table underneath the utensiils.
The standing surveyor.
blue colour dressed lady standing and watching.
The gentleman to the outermost left hand side of the photo.
The chef on the left  looking  down.
a subway sandwich.
sandwich in the right side of the image.
elephant wearing saddle.
An elephant wearing a decorative chair on its back.
man on a snowboard going downhill.
A guy in a blue jacket on a snowboard.
A rack of plantains being held by a man in his left hand.
a tv screen with a image on it.
An x-ray on a television screen of a person's mouth.
A three seater sofa by the window.
A brown leather couch near a window.
Two women in the bathroom posing while  brushing their teeth.
A girl wearing a black vest.
A man that is wearing glasses talking on a phone.
a man with mobile.
the wine glass.
An empty wine glass in a blond woman's left hand.
food on the brown plate at the top.
meal on plate with brown rim.
A graiffe on the right side of the jeep standing the closest.
A young girl that is sleeping next to a young boy.
A GIRL BABY SLIPPING THE BED WITH BROTHER.
A dark brown colour horse in the back of other one.
Entire darker brown horse on the right.
A young man looking down and writing something on the table.
W man in a dark shirt filling out a paper at a table.
A silver remote control sitting at the edge of a sofa.
green skis.
A tour bus on a busy street.
A tour bus driving behind a truck.
the right black suitcase in the right hand picture.
A black suitcase under a red suitcase in an airport luggage cart.
an adult throwing a ball.
An adult standing to the left of two little boys.
A brown couch that is sitting right next to a large window on the side of the room.
The brown sofa on the left.
A train that has a B on the front of it.
A green passenger train car.
The tennis player.
A woman playing tennis.
tallest man in white dress.
The male to the left.
person doing jump on snowboard.
A snowboarder in mid-flight.
nearest suitcase.
A black rolling luggage to the front left of another.
a black keyboard connected to a laptop.
The bottom black keyboard that is attached to the laptop.
A black horse with mud on his skin in the sand.
Black cow that is left of the other cow.
A shirtless man sitting.
Partial body of a man looking left towards a baby and dog.
The shortest of three men.
A crt television.
the tv that is turned off behind the laptop.
a man skiing with a red coat on.
The guy in red.
batter with number 7.
A man faces away from the camera while he practices batting.
A man talking on his cell phone.
A black man talking on a cell phone.
The bottom half of a sandwich.
The horse laying down.
the horse on the ground.
A bicycle from the handle bars down to the tire.
A bicycle with a wicker basket.
The horse on the left.
The mule behind the other.
sheep from second left.
The middle sheep with black legs.
a sheep facing the camera.
A ram with blue paint on its rear, standing next to another ram, and over a sheep.
giraffe far from the two which is in love.
A giraffe laying in the grass behind two other giraffes.
Second woman from the left.
A tennis player in a dark sweater who is holding a drink.
a black color monitor showing some files is on a table.
Desktop monitor to the right of the laptop on the desk.
grey table top.
The corner of the gray table visible to the right of the hand.
A man in camo and a black hat attempting to mount a brown horse with a white spot on its head.
A man in uniform in the process of climbing on a horse.
Giraffe with body angled right, looking forward.
A giraffe to the left of another giraffe.
half of a sandwhich with onions and tomatoes by the potato chips.
The half of the sandwich on the left.
A man in a blue shirt eats pizza.
man wearing blue shirt.
the backpack including the straps wrap around the front of the skier.
the player who is batting.
A baseball player running.
A child being held by a woman in a picnic setting.
A young girl wearing a yellow shirt and bright pink shorts.
Giraffe on the right.
A small bowl containing a dark sauce.
a delecious drink served in a cup and placed in the dining table.
A wash basin which is very close in the image before another wash basin.
A bathroom sink with the drain visible.
A DOG STARING AT A WOMAN ON THE COUCH.
The reflection of a cats back.
The smallest brown horse.
small horse with other horses.
A turquoise green colored tie on a shaggy-haired blonde boy.
green color tie.
{}.
Skater in white t-shirt.
white color dressed lady sitting on the horse.
A lady on a horse wearing a white horse.
the left side of a person facing away from the camera.
A persons elbow.
A young boy playing a video game and smiling at the camera.
A young boy playing video games next to a young man.
A white sink under the silver faucet.
White porcelain sink.
A silver cell phone sitting on top of a laptop on the right most side.
A silver cell phone next to 3 other cell phones.
the skateboard under the man.
Skateboard that is in motion.
baseball catcher wearing gloves and protective gear.
The catcher holding his glove out to catch the ball.
Non-mating zebra.
A dead bush with one zebra in the background and another zebra's head in the foreground.
A small polar bear lying down.
The Polar Bear that is furthest away from the camera, but is facing the camera. This polar bear looks to have a seal to eat.
A girl wearing orange goggles.
A snow boarder with the red googles and the aqua blue board.
Larger zebra with it's face to the ground grazing for food.
A big zebra grazing.
A cook with a red collar.
A chief wearing a white cap and white dress.
The person's legs under the head of the right elephant.
a man walking on the road with his elephants.
Tan colored teddy bear in the girl's right arm.
A small, offwhite stuffed bear.
An older man outside with grey hair, and wearing a red long sleeved shirt and sunglasses.
A man wering red sweater checking the red rope.
A man with black color stripped coat and sandal color pant with sports bat in his hands sitting in a chair.
This is a man sitting and holding a racquet.
Four bananas in the middle of a fruit tray.
A toilet with rails on the sides.
The left most toilet seat cover with the roll of toilet paper in front of it.
BOTH PEOPLE.
an older woman standing on a chair having her picture taken with a younger man.
a man wearing the tie.
The necktie of a man wearing stripes.
A dark male seated on some sort of public transportation who looks pensive.
A man sitting in a bud behind another person.
the skateboarder in the right hand picture.
a person doing a skateboard jump.
woman in white suit.
A woman wearing white.
the green ski board that the woman is holding.
A blue snowboard.
larger white boat with small red trim and wide blue stripe.
White boat with red and blue stripes.
A bus in front of another bus with St Louis written on the side.
A long bus with a banner on the side.
the giraffe under the umbrella.
a head stretched giraffe trying to eat grass.
A white male with a white shirt, black pants, and black tie standing next to a woman near a brown couch.
A guy wearing a tie.
Man standing wearing blue jeans.
a person in blue jeans and a gray jacket bent over.
A plane about to go in the air.
A large passenger jet with a red and white tailfin in the middle of the image.
A boy wearing a plaid shirt.
A little boy wearing a plaid shirt between an adult and other children.
Sideways chair closest to window.
dining chair on the far left of a dining table next to other dining chairs.
Teen in beige pants standing behind a skateboard.
A skateboarder wearing a light-colored hoodie and light-colored pants.
The white car in front of the black car.
cake on left.
A plum cake with round shape.
Gray chair man is sitting on.
The part of the couch that the man is sitting on.
A stainless steel refrigerator with stickers on it.
A refrigerator with magnets on it.
a man carrying a white board.
A surfer holding a surf board with two other surfers.
a baseball player.
A baseball player that's up at bat.
a baseball umpire in position in baseball match.
umpire crouching behind the catcher and watching the batter.
A boy wearing a grey T-shirt learning skateboards.
A skateboarder attempting the start of a trick.
man on right.
man in red shirt.
blue umbrella between two people.
the floral umbrella.
Man wearing a blue shirt and brown pants with a band on his head.
A man on his cellphone.
Beach chair nearest the tree/shade.
blue lounge chair on left.
a man laying on the corner of a bed.
a man in bad.
A man holding a snowboard.
A man holding a Burton snowboard.
Apple chunks on right side.
a wine glass being held by a man.
a wine glass being held by a man.
plastic cup with liquid in it.
person on the right.
A man on skis in plaid next to another man on skis.
A man wearing a blue polo shirt and holding a video game controller.
An older man in a blue shirt holding a video game controller.
A white city bus.
A white and yellow bus standing on the road near the airport, behind a big bus.
the horse trying to reach to the grass.
Horse with black, brown and white markings trying to eat grass.
little girl wearing white sandals.
Girl wearing white sandals.
A light gray car parked next to the big green bus.
A Don't Walk sign.
A don't walk sign on the street.
A white and red beach chair to the right of an identical chair.
dun bathing chair on the right.
red hood of the car.
A red car parked at a airplane conference.
Two horses on the beach.
brown horse in front.
A laptop sitting to the left of another laptop.
A laptop computer sitting to the left of a red book.
The woman in the tank top playing Wii.
Woman holding controllers playing a game enthusiastically with another person.
Food items in dinner.
A pizza with  pepperoni, tomatoes, onions, olives, and cheese.
A container full of luggage.
An open luggage container.
The front of the train that says 2A74 on the top.
The train on the right.
A blurry looking piece of broccoli sitting on a plate of other food.
Broccoli on a table plate to potatoes.
The pitcher on the mound gets ready to throw the ball.
A baseball player ready to throw the baseball.
Boy in black pants with white stripes down the side running.
The boy in the grey shirt and black pants.
A white vehicle with a red stripe diagonally on its passenger door.
white car.
A orange fruit under the banana in the bowl of fruits.
fruit underneath banana in the basket.
table under childs arm.
the table beneath a child's arm.
man running towards the right side in front.
A team member from the baseball club called Angels running off the field.
the crouching guy in blue in the right hand picture.
The baseball player wearing a blue shirt & hat leaning over the base to scoop up the ball with his glove.
The fire truck is red.
red fire truck with man sitting on side.
A young girl wearing a red and black uniform.
A young asian girl in a red soccer jersey preparing to kick.
A wooden bench which is just below the cushion the dog is sitting.
a few pieces of a deck flooring.
Apples and a kiwi.
the person in red.
A woman in a red robe looking up at the person she is resting on.
A boy in a green cap and grey hoodie is talking to an older man.
A child wearing a green hat facing away from the camera.
Guy in red .
A young male next to another young male playing wii.
The side of a white refrigerator in a kitchen next to oven and stovetop.
A green toothbrush with blue brushes on it.
A blue, orange, white, and green toothbrush.
A white keyboard in the left picture.
silvery cloth material on the right of boy.
A silver jacket.
seat woman in is sitting in.
seat under the woman.
All visible rackets with the exception of the racket of the man in front with the most slicked back hair.
A black horse runs with a brown horse.
black horse in the image.
The foot almost on the skateboard in the foreground.
A black shoe with a white sock lifting off a skateboard at the heel.
The larger woman wearing the green hoodie sitting on the beach.
A woman wearing green sitting on a beach.
Black chair.
A dark chair with nothing on it.
asian woman in flight attendant uniform pulling luggage.
a lady wearing blue shirt.
a round white clock with black hands.
White clock.
a blue  plane at an airport.
A KLM airlines commercial plane is showed with a light blue paint job.
A man, sitting behind drums.
drummer.
An open silver laptop with the logo of a bitten apple which a woman is using.
Skateboard under man in red plaid shirt.
skateboard with red wheels.
Cracked clay in a gentleman's left hand.
It appears to be a WiiMote, with a boy's fingers holding it up. Additionally, half of an xbox 360 controller.
A sofa directly behind a woman playing a video game.
A woman in a blue jacket with skis over her shoulder and carrying ski poles.
The person with the blue jacket.
The woman at the rear of the court.
woman left.
A second sheep on the left hand side marked with pink paint.
A wooden bench in the middle of other two benches.
The middle bench.
Virgin Atlantic aeroplane is ready to take-off.
virgin atlantic plane front center.
pizza in a tray ready to eat.
A sandwich with vegetables on a white bread in a carrier.
A cup to the left of three other cups.
The tub extreem left.
A white chair with wooden arms that stand to the right of a bench.
Wooden chair with white padding to the left of the dogs.
A child drinking from a water bottle.
A boy drinking water from bottle.
The chair behind the one the cat is sitting on.
A chair is next to a chair with a cat sitting on it.
broccoli.
large broccoli piece on top of the food.
The man standing who is wearing a hat and sunglasses.
A man in a brown wide brimmed hat.
A brown leather couch with a wooden railing.
The giraffe on the right.
A giraffe standing on green grass field looking to camera.
The shirt of a person that is white with blue stripes.
white shirt with blue stripes.
A bowl of food with green broccoli, orange carrots, and a piece of meat which is probably fish next to another bowl of fruits and veggies.
ham.
A man with the pink color surfing board on the shore.
A surfer, ankle deep, with a pink board.
The wood grain table is at a restaurant where they serve pizza and grilled vegetables.
A brown table on which food is sitting in a box.
The chicken on one half of the sandwich.
Boneless chicken breast used on a sandwich.
The far right black cow.
cow on the far right who is barely visible.
middle round bowl.
An artistic sink in the middle.
the bowl of rasberries.
The bowl in which yoghurt and strawberries are kept.
A child watching the bouncing tennis ball.
The young black girl.
a man in a black shirt with a skull on it.
The guy with the fiery skull t-shirt  and baseball cap who is playing Wii.
An empty patianna bottle out of the two bottles on the table.
Wine bottle that is almost full.
2 birds.
the taller bird facing right.
elephant with trunk up.
An elephant in front of another.
The giraffe that appears taller,  on the left side, munching on a leaf.
the girrafe eating from a tree behind another giraffe.
upper right hand corner perhaps a HDTV.
The elephant on the right hand side.
the elephant on the left.
the left most elephant.
A BROWN COLOR HORSE NEAR BY DARK BROWN COLOR HORSE.
A light brown horse with its head stuck partially out of the metal fence.
Smallest elephant on the right.
The smaller elephant on the right.
One prison is in the jail behind the one man.
A person standing inside a jail cell.
A lone train car, soon to be bypassed by a locomotive in motion on the opposite track.
A gray and undetached train cart on the tracks.
food on right.
parking meter to the left of another parking meater.
the left parking meter.
bench on which a man and woman is sitting.
wooden bench in which two are sitting.
A black umbrella bending upwards.
Black umbrella turned inside out.
The remains of a burger including some lettuce and onions and a few drinks.
Plate with food on a wooden table.
Half sandwhich that is at the bottom of the basket.
Closest half of sandwich.
The animal to the left of all the other animals.
A light colored sheep being shown by a boy with glasses.
Person taking drink behind woman's head.
A man drinking a cup.
GIRL WITH ORANGE UMBRELLA.
A small child holding an orange umbrella.
The man wearing the maroon hoodie and black glasses.
The man in the red jacket.
Man with back showing, wearing a red shirt.
A man in a red shirt standing behind a man taking a picture.
The purse the lady is carrying.
a brown body bag around a woman's shoulder.
this is a teddy bear with a red button and pink feet.
the bear on the right.
A medium sized elephant standing between a large elephant and some baby elephants.
A baby elephant with it's mouth open.
A baby Elephant looking at the ground.
A sandwich with black olives sticking out of it.
The closest sandwich with olives m.
A marble tabletop under a bottle of beer.
Left side of a shiny white marbled table with a beer sitting on it.
A young man with a white tank top reaching for the green frisbee.
Young boy in blue shorts and white tank reaching in field.
An orange cat with a red collar.
Cat with red collar.
A dish of bananas and other fruit.
little square white bowl filled with fruit.
A chef working at a kitchen counter.
A man in a white shirt with black pants.
bus to the left.
BUS ON THE LEFT.
A WHITE GIRL CELEBRATING BIRTHDAY OF A GIRL BABY NAMED JULI WEARING BLACK COLOR STUD AND BLUE COLOR DRESS.
Woman in a blue dress cutting the cake.
A man holding a frisbee.
A man throwing a Frisbee.
A opened computer screen with a red screen on.
the monitor of a laptop.
white cow on right.
A white cow with colorful stars painted on it.
Back of a chair with an open red bookbag on it.
The back of the chair holding the pink backpack.
man in blue plaid button down shirt.
A man in a blue shirt.
A white cow with a bird on it's back.
White cow with black bird on it's back butting heads with a brown cow.
A large dish of food next to other smaller dishes.
a large white bowl filled with chinese food and a spoon resting inside the bowl.
The catcher in a baseball game.
A professional baseball catcher ready to catch a pitch.
The stove with 9:48 on the clock.
The oven with a clock reading of 9:18.
A Vogue magazine closest to a white laptop.
A Vogue magazine on a table among other items.
man in gray stripe shirt with head lending back.
A man throwing his head back in laughter.
A white dog with a blue collar on a bed.
white dog laying on couch.
a baby elephant to the right of two other elephants.
a very small bably elephant is standing next to two elephants that are bigger.
The woman in white.
A woman wearing a white top and a ponytail standing in a kitchen.
Girl in black.
A woman in a black shirt and shoeless plays wii.
The costumed person farthest to the right of the group.
long van.
A white Ford truck parked behind a farmer's market stand.
a dark gray truck.
front end of a grey truck without the trailor.
hand holding board with cake for a baby.
A hand of adult person is hold the table.
The zebra eating grass to the left of the baby zebra.
the adult zebra standing between the two adult zebras.
A big polor bear.
Large polar bear sitting in front of a log looking to it's left.
a piece of broccoli on a pizza.
A piece of broccoli.
Slice of plain cheese pizza.
Slice of cheese pizza.
A dark car with a rear view mirror parked by the curb.
A car that is parked on the side of the road.
small bowl of soup.
A bowl of soup behind a bowl of pasta.
Bald man with glasses in blue jacket.
A bald man with glasses in a navy coat.
MAN SWINGING TENNIS RAQUET.
A man poised to strike a tennis ball with his racket.
a grey lawn chair to the right of a little boy.
open chair beside boy.
blue truck.
The large blue and white truck.
zebra that you can barely see.
zebra half off camera.
girl in pigtails and orange t-shirt, seated on the right.
A woman and a girl at a cookout.
the pizza to the far left.
The pizza that has olives on it on the left burner.
Right bottom snap of woman in denim with slight smile on face.
A bunch of green grapes.
A bowl of green grapes.
chef holding a silver bowl.
The soccer players in yellow and blue is on the left.
A soccer player in a yellow shirt and blue shorts looking at the ball.
A man in a white coat stands on a snowy hill next to a woman in a black coat.
A person wearing a white ski jacket, goggles and black pants.
The giraffe on the far right.
A blonde haired woman next to an elephant.
a lady wearing all black.
a blue chair being view through a window.
A blue chair that is facing the window.
The man in white holding a red frisbee.
A man in a white tee shirt holding a red frisbee.
A brown leather briefcase that is standing up.
A light brown suitcase.
a man.
man behind woman in striped shirt.
A taller navy officer standing next to a shorter naval officer.
A smiling man in uniform wearing glasses.
Canopy of umbrella being held by woman in orangish coat.
bus to the left.
WHITE COLOR BUS STANDING THE ROAD AND SIDE POSITION OF THREE PEOPLE.
Table area to the right of donut and tea cup.
the table area to the right of the cup in the right hand picture.
A dog with a black band around it's snout.
A dog wearing a muzzle.
A man with a white helmet riding skis.
A man in a gray helmet skiing.
A darker-haired woman looks downward at something to the left of a bespectacled man examining the inside of his empty wine glass.
girl on the right with head down.
Girl in tie-dyed shirt.
The vase with the red and white flowers.
A vase on a table holding white and red roses.
A stuffed white bear in between a baby doll and brown plastic bear.
The stuffed teddy bear between the baby doll and the plastic animal.
A hotdog in a bun on a napkin on front of other hotdogs in buns.
Hot dog in the foreground.
A woman skier.
A couple.
a green truck is on the grass.
The green truck.
A silver car at the end of the line.
green fence directly underneath the people.
The green wall of a boat with a single young occupant.
Zebra standing in the middle of two other zebras at a watering hole.
A zebra in the middle of two other zebras.
The mant with a black beanie.
guy in sleeveless plaid shirt.
A wicker umbrella is in the front right shading lounge chairs.
right side of pizza.
The blue snowboard of a snowboarder attempting a jump.
A blue and red snowboard in the air.
A container filled with carrots, broccoli, and cheese cut into the shape of the bat signal.
a cup of vegetables with 2 bat shaped cheese pieces on top.
A table with a homemade pizza sitting on top of it.
a table on which cutleries and food are present.
A young boy wearing a grey and red sweater and red pants sitting in a blue suitcase next to another young child.
child on right.
The pizza in front of the woman in a yellow shirt.
A BIG PIZZA ON THE WOODEN PLATE NEAR HALF OF THE BIG PIZZA ON THE NEXT WOODEN PLATE.
The purse of the lady with a pink phone.
white purse in the lap of woman holding pink phone.
the swaybacked cow in the left image that is in front of the smaller cow.
A white ox standing in front of other ox and a bus.
a red and white fire truck driving behind four men carrying two flags.
Red and white firetruck directly behind a group of 4 soldiers marching down the street for a parade.
A white horse being led into a stall by a veterinarian wearing a camouflage shirt and a stethoscope.
A grey horse standing near two women.
A person performing a ski jump.
Skier number 123 doing atrick off the ramp.
The girl holding the Cake Sale sign.
A girl with a braid holding a cake sale sign.
guy in blue shirt.
A man bending down petting a dog in a blue shirt and short.
backpack straps on the man wearing brown patterned coat and red face protector.
Picture of a longer giraffe than the one standing behind him.
A girl, in the center, holding a wine bottle.
A woman holding a bottle of wine with friends leaning on her.
elephant with red harness.
An elephant ridden by two women.
The banana under the pancake.
A banana under a pancake.
A smiling skier wearing a nit hat, black jacket and charcoal gray pants.
A man standing off to the side smiling wearing a knitted hat and holding purple ski poles.
The chair that is sitting at the head of the table by the kids picnic table.
An empty outdoor chair in front of a yellow and blue children's play table.
A woman in sunglasses and a pink shirt is skiing.
the girl in a pink top.
a black cat with green eyes siting to the left of a sink.
The black cat sitting on the sink.
airport luggage motorized cart with employee in yellow safety vest standing beside it.
A baggage cart beside a man in a green vest.
A bluetoilet sitting outside on the lawn with bugout eyes on the lid.
A blue toilet is decorated.
piece of pizza with rounded edges and round sliced meat.
A slice of pizza with pepperoni's on the right side  of a cherry designed plate.
A red and silver train with the letters DB on the front.
train.
Wooden chair with red pillow.
chair that is closest to the two women and is not a sofa or ottoman.
The double decker bus on the right.
A double level red bus with the number 26 on the front is riding up the street.
A yellow apple sitting on coffee beans.
The largest apple in front.
A blue car behind a parking meter.
The blues car.
a elephant which a person pouring water on it.
a woman throwing a frisbee.
A woman playing frisbee at the beach.
the front bench in the right hand picture.
a table bench is ready to sit.
The horse that is not eating the grass.
The horse that is not currently grazing.
The white umbrella on the far right.
white umbrella next to the flag.
The dark blue motorcycle behind the orange motorcycle.
blue colored bullet behind the red bullet.
Zebra on the left.
There is a giraffe standing first which looking out of the cage.
white monitor right side.
A white iMac beside other computers on a desk.
A tennis player in a red shirt.
The player in the red shirt.
The back of the wooden chair the boy is sitting on.
The wooden chair is underneath a little boy.
A dark blue tie with lions all over it.
the black and gold tie.
the blue and yellow umbrella.
The umbrella with the blue, red, and yellow design.
The leg of a wooden chair near a pink and white bathrobe.
Green chair closest to the camera.
Two light green chairs next to the countertop.
A camo colored kite is flown by a man.
Two brown/black colored kites.
A lunch tray with a blue and white toy.
A green lunchbox containg chicken, carrots and green beans.
a person stepping out of a train.
A blond-haired young man in a black t-shirt, shorts, and sandals, exiting a train.
The pad of paper from Office Depot is beside the flashlight.
An Office Depot brand pad of graphing paper with words scribbled on it.
A couch facing a fireplace.
The back of a sofa.
A man with no hat, with his back toward the camera.
A short person with a jacket on.
The pizza in front of the woman in red.
A plate of pizza behind two glasses.
man playing palystation.
The standing man holding a wii controller and a suit coat.
A kneeling man rubbing an elephant's back in a river.
elderly man on back of elephant wearing watch.
tennis racquet that the man in the red shirt is holding.
A tennis racket held in the left hand of a man in a red shirt and white shorts.
blue motorbike.
The blue motorcycle behind the purple motorcycle.
A black kitten laying next to an adult kitten.
A kitten laying on a couch with an adult cat.
Two black birds sitting on a rock.
Two bird heads and almost the complete body of the one on the top of the picture.
a table.
A wooden restaurant table with a sign reading Osage on top of it.
plane in the front.
Couch under seated man.
A person on skis wearing a red jacket.
Three people standing in skis laughing at the person in the foreground about their har.
A wooden chair sitting farthest from the computer.
A wooden chair that is furthest away from the cats.
Red flowers to the left of a blue teddy bear.
RED AND PURPLE WILD FLOWERS SURROUNDED BY GREENERY.
bag strap of the man in a leather jacket.
The cow next to the people.
cow peeking over the fence.
A bird facing the water, looking to the right.
A bird looking to the right.
A baseball player, dressed in white, who is swinging the bat.
A baseball player that had just swung the bat.
people taking pictures.
THE GIRL TAKING PHOTO AND TWO  WOMEN STANDING OPPOSITE.
A blue car directly behind the man in the black shirt.
A blue car behind the man walking an elephant.
A pizza sitting in a pizza box.
The pizza in the box is being eaten by the man with the gray shirt on.
a window.
A teenage boy skateboarding while wearing a green beanie and a stripped shirt.
A man wearing a green beanie and striped hoodie skating.
the white couch with the various colored pillows on it.
The large couch between the lights.
horse on right.
horses pulling wagon.
The woman with the red headband.
A woman with dark hair in a red shirt.
A black computer keyboard.
the black keyboard.
asain lady standing on tennis court.
Girl in the background that is holding her hands behind her back.
A woman in a strapless dress standing next to a man with suspenders on and his arm around her.
Young, blonde woman wearing a strapless brown dress.
A wooden bench upon which two women are perched.
Two people behind the fence watching a man play Frisbee.
A man with a plaid scarf on his head.
A person wearing a tan jacket and a black and white scarf.
A silver knife next to the bowl.
The knife next to the spoon.
a wooden bench on top of an elephant.
An empty seat on top of an elephant.
Pastries in a paper container inside of the coffee cup on a yellow plate with other pastries.
A doughnut almost falling out of a cup.
A LADY IS STANDING WEARING JEANS AND T SHIRT ALONG WITH A CHILD.
a young woman smiling watching a toddler.
Some utensils by the white dish on the table.
A fork sitting next to a plate.
A person with a cast and his arm in a sling playing a video game.
A kid with a cast and no shirt playing Wii tennis.
A bear in the water is looking to his left at another bear.
A left side bear looking at the river to catch fish.
tennis bat with ball.
A couch behind the lady.
piece of furniture directly behind the girl.
a baby wearing a red sweater.
The baby boy wearing a red shirt and gray bib.
blue umbrella held by someone.
A black opened umbrella.
A decorated passenger ship is waiting for departure in a port.
a large stuffed teddy bear with a red bow tie.
The largest teddy-bear with no pants.
A bull with both horns visible sitting closest to two giraffes.
The lighter brown bull lying down.
Woman in white striped shirt.
The woman in a white shirt.
A white and green toothbrush on a white sink.
a green toothbrush with white brissels.
The M&M donut.
Pastry covered with M&M's candy.
Windshiled wipers on the grey car.
The front of the car.
A man with a knife and a mic in his hand standing in front of a cake.
Man with purple shirt on holding a knife in one hand and a microphone in the other hand.
A Giants pitcher strides forward to deliver the cocked-and-ready pitch from behind his head.
A pitcher for the Giants professional base ball team wearing an orange and black jersey.
The larger of two fluffy teddy bears turns to its right to look at the other.
An old teddy bear looking away from the camera towards a smaller teddy bear.
Computer desk chair.
a black office chair holding a man.
An elephant with it's trunk over wooden slats.
An elephant with its trunk over the fence.
overstuffed leather tan sofa against the wall with the american flag on it.
The couch on the wall in front of the American flag.
park bench.
A park bench.
the boy on the skateboard with all four wheels on the ground.
A skateboarder crouching down.
The planter of plants hanging  from the lamp more under the umbrellas.
Beautfil flower pink and white flower boquet directly under a pink and a green umbrella.
A sandwich half to the left of another half.
An elephant with tusks facing away from a group of smaller elephants.
elephant on right.
The last cow which is not heading his head out.
The cow with the tag that has the numbers 1125.
the table where cats sitting on.
The middle umbrella.
The umbrella behind the front most umbrella.
The sheep whose face is seen.
long haired sheep in front.
A woman in a white sweater watching a person play a video game.
woman.
a tredi bear toys.
A brown teddy bear sitting next to a white dog.
Dark cat.
2 cats laying on a bed.
A decorative patio chair facing other chairs to the right.
A man wearing a red tie.
A man with a red tie at a podium.
A large bear holding a sword with no head.
A stuffed bear holding onto a silver stick.
Person with the blond curly hair.
An empty whine glass between another wine glass and a glass of beer.
the middle glass of the three in view.
The orange sofa near the wall.
a red sofa with a girl sitting on it.
A man wearing a dress shirt is sitting on the bench with his backpack next to him.
A man in checkered polo looking away from the camera.
The front most goose.
The duck you can see all of.
The black skateboard the little boy is standing on.
A skate board being pivoted upward at the top of a ramp.
A woman with dark hair and a white shirt sitting next to a woman wearing a green shirt.
A woman in a white top.
the table from which the child is having food.
the table the kid is sitting at in the right hand picture.
A red taxi standing next to a yellow sign.
A red San Francisco taxi cab climbs a small incline.
a white bowl filled with a piece of pie.
A piece of cake in a bowl.
Pizza.
The plate with what is left of a pizza on it.
The woman that you can see the face of.
The giraffe with herpes lips.
A giraffe with bumpy lips.
A bus with white design in an airport.
A blue and white bus to the left of a plane.
Woman with red hair, in black heels, and brown coat, carrying an umbrella.
brunette with a black umbrella crossing road.
the monitor on the left.
The computer screen to the left of the taller screen and laptop.
A big zebra with a child zebra.
An adult zebra with a young zebra.
Geisha looking at cell phone.
a women was seeing in phon.
A softball player swinging a bat.
The girl with the kangaroo emblem on her helmet.
a man in a black stripped shirt holding a controller.
The man that is standing.
child in the back right side of the image.
Kid skier with black helmet.
Zebra on left.
A zebra swatting its tail at something while standing in some grass.
This is a woman holding a wineglass and is wearing a white tshirt.
A woman in a white blouse holding a glass of wine.
A few silver chairs at the train station.
empty  bench in front of the window at the train station.
A pair of white socks on a person's feet.
The socks of the person taking the photo.
The pitcher.
A man in gray throwing at a game.
large brown suitcase beside chair.
Suitcase wrapped in green cellophane held by person wearing red jacket.
A man with a blue jacket on holding a beer bottle.
man holding beer.
toilet to the left.
left toilet.
A baby.
baby crawling.
Large table with picnic food sitting on top of it.
The table that is holding the baskets. The little girl has her back towards it and the woman is facing it.
The middle train next to the 408 train.
a train that is located between the 407 and 408 trains.
shorter giraffe.
A giraffe next to another giraffe, curving its neck.
A horse in field touched by hand.
The horse that is getting pet.
largest, closest horse.
zebra on right.
zebra eating grass on the right side of the picture.
A baseball player who has just swung his bat.
A child swinging a baseball bat.
Baby getting his teeth brushed.
A baby is getting his teeth brushed by a woman while sitting on a sink.
A brown dog that is playing tug-a-war with a smaller dog.
a brown dog fighting with another one dog.
The girl with the orange lollipop and her finger in her mouth.
The oldest girl with fingers touching her tongue in the pink top holding a lollypop.
A sausage that is burned black on the end, sitting underneath another sausage.
Pizza in plate.
Black top of a skateboard.
top of the skateboard.
The red apple in the bottom left of the pile of fruit.
red apple in bottom left under a pile of other fruit.
Black shoes with white socks.
the guy with white socks in the right hand picture.
A TV with a video game playing on it with a green background.
a big screen tv in a room with a man standing and pointing the controls at it.
shakeboarder in red and white striped shirt.
The skateboarser far right.
Man in glasses facing camera.
A man with sunglasses.
A sandwich on next to a cup of sauce.
Half of the sandwich closer to the ketchup.
Elephant looking towards camera.
The bigger elephant standing in tall grass looking at the camera.
a woman in the remort.
the woman without the wheel.
Baby watching for eating.
A child with bangs and blonde hair, wearing a tie dye shirt and sitting on a picnic blanket.
A black bike with yellow handlebars laying flat in a green bike lane.
The bicycle that is laying in the middle of the street.
this is a guy standing next to two people sitting.
A man in sunglasses, black jacket and blue shirt leaning on a wodden bench.
A young giraffe that is nursing.
baby giraffe under adult.
A hot dog filled with light color toppings.
A hotdog with tomatoes.
a bunch of broccoli next to apples on a table.
The broccoli.
The small giraffe who is standing behind another giraffe.
A Brunette woman smiling at the camera.
The woman with the black sweater shrugging her shoulders.
a city bus reflected in a glass window.
A city bus next to the front of a dark car in the reflection of a window.
A small elephant.
A young elephant in an exhibit.
A plate with carrots and nuts.
The container with carrots.
The part of the table that is above the cell phone.
the table next to the cellphone.
a woman wearing black color t-shirt is waiting for signal with cycle.
a woman in a short white skirt, black shirt and blue sneakers is riding her bike in the road.
the hotdog on the bottom left.
A hot dog sitting to the left of a hamburger.
The long striped body pillow.
A black hatchback.
A black car next to the truck.
A lady laying on grass looking into the sky.
A woman wearing a pink shirt and blue jeans.
A woman's head which is behind a man who is talking on the phone.
person behind cell phone guy's left shoulder.
A zebra facing towards the viewer while eating grass.
A zebra grazing on green grass in front of a bush with another zebra to his left.
Lancashire bus.
A yellow and blue bus with a red flower on it.
A lap-top screen with image on the screen.
A laptop screen is displaying a picture.
First car in the foreground.
Car that goes across the entire bottom of the photo.
The elephant leading the pack.
an elephant ahead of another elephant.
A MAN PLAYING IN A GROUND HE IS WEARING BLACK T SHIRT.
The batter is number 34 from the Oakland Athletics.
A Dodgers baseball player.
a basebal player getting ready for a pitch.
The handlebars of a bicycle with a red cooler immediately in front of it.
Black luggage.
The corner of the suitcase under a pair of jeans.
couch facing front.
The brown couch without cupholders.
silver remote.
Grey remote control in the babies hand.
A woman in a white shirt walking a white dog.
a woman in a white shift walking a small white dog.
A street bench with no back, made of wood and stone.
a green bench.
A sliced pizza to the right facing a man who is sniffing a pizza and in front of a stack of brown paper plates.
a board written 'any questions?'.
Screen with 'Any Questions?' slide shown.
Jockey in yellow.
A jockey in a brown cap.
A blue tootbrush to the left side of three other toothbrushes.
The toothbrush across from the green one.
The just visible backend of a giraffe.
the backside of a giraffe in front of two other giraffes.
A MAN IN MILITARY UNIFORM BESIDE A MOTORCYCLE.
A man standing near the motorbike.
young boy wearing blue shirt holding plastic cup.
A young boy wearing a blue shirt an licking something off his lips.
a toilet seat on the left.
a toilet marked hers.
The closest green parrot.
The bird standing on the branch.
The folding chair on the right.
A chair that is nearest the empty glass.
Silver train on left side of train rail system.
A train where you cannot see into the windows.
An old man sleeping on his bike.
A male motorcycle rider relaxes on his bike with a cigarette.
A horse behind another horse.
a brown horse standing sideways.
smaller vase on the right.
the vase on the righ.
The chair with the wooden handles furthest from the door.
The most partially obscured chair, on the left.
A pink umbrella.
the red umbrella.
Two pieces of broccoli in the left of the bowl.
A piece of green vegetable on the left hand side of the bowl.
A baseball player up to bat wearing red socks.
an athlete playing baseball.
Plane with writing on the side.
A white Sepik Airways airplane.
A baseball player wearing a number 5 shirt in mid-swing.
A baseball player wearing a number 5 jersey swinging his bat.
A black suitcase.
A black suitcase on the bottom of an airport cart.
Two giraffe standing together.
A giraffe that is smaller than the other one.
A man in a white shirt playing video games.
A man with a beard and glasses operating a Wii remote.
A black kitten is distracted by something out of camera view.
The black cat sitting up looks like he would rather be sleeping.
reflection of a beagle in a mirror.
The reflection of the dog in the mirror.
An umpire in a game of baseball.
An umpire watching the baseball game.
a sandwich piece in front of the grapes.
A sandwich half second to the left on a plate.
Girl in jeans with stuff on pckets.
Woman in the background wearing a grey sweatshirt with a white purse.
A man in white with glasses.
An older gentleman wearing a white shirt and bow tie.
The child whose face is behind the candles.
Person with a child.
man who is skiing with black jacket.
A teddy bear with light blue and pink coloring.
The blue and pink bear.
woman wearing red shirt and gray pants leans on island and talks to woman.
A middle-aged woman standing in a kitchen with her family after a meal watching a 20-something woman use a tablet.
The soldier in the back.
caucasian soldier carrying bags.
Black horse at extreem right.
dark brown horse on the right.
A black motorcycle at a motorcycle show.
A silver and black motorcycle sits on display in the showroom.
A bright, multi-colored windsock hanging from a tent.
A yellow, blue and pink fish kite.
Outer edge of a solid navy blue umbrella.
The edge of a blue umbrella.
The top of a bench working as an armrest.
a bottle of wine laying down amongst the veggies.
A bottle of wine between the vegetables.
A chair with a pink pillow.
the blue chair with the red pillow.
A guy in a green shirt plugging something into a computer.
A man wearing glasses and a green shirt on a couch.
Black bike closest to the light post and man.
THE CYCLE PARKING NEAR THE ROAD LAMP.
a red double decker bus with the face of a les miserables actor on the right side of it.
bus on the left side.
The hotdog in the back has large, diced onions.
One hot dog does not have a bite taken out of it yet.
An umpire standing behind home plate on a baseball field.
Umpire wearing a black shirt and black pants squatting behind the catcher.
The woman kneeling over the child.
A woman helping a child.
A ship with number 154 on it.
Excursion Ship.
man on the skating board on the top of the image.
A boy wearing black in the air on top of a skateboard in front of two othera.
Elephant with its trunk in the air.
A large elephant raising it's trunk while performing in a circus.
A brown horse standing in a field over its young.
brown horse on the right.
the platform that people walk on in FRONT of the photo.
The dock in front of a white boar.
wrapped flowers with woman in pink top directly behind.
A woman in a pink shirt and black pants.
A man standing with his hand over his wrist wearing gray slacks and a blue shirt.
The man in the darkest shirt who has his hands crossed in front of him.
The class of water in front of the bowl of bread.
A goblet with water.
Sprinkled donut with a bite eaten.
A doughnut with a bite taken out of it.
bed.
A white bed with people sitting on it.
A man wearing a red shirt is parkouring at night on a bench.
A human doing an acrobatic maneuver on top of a skateboarding ledge.
The man in white.
an older gentleman in a long-sleeve white shirt with a green and red tie.
A display toilet being opened.
A square white toilet mounted on a tile wall.
zebra on near side of screen.
A zebra standing in front of another zebra.
The snowboard of the man on the left.
the snowboard being held by the boy in a blue coat.
A small black carry on luggage bag with a black neck pillow on top of it.
The small left bag in the center.
only man with no hat.
A man without a hat is looking at motorcycles.
A baseball player to the left of the man in the wheel chair.
A person riding a dirt bike.
The guy on the dirtbike.
A lady smiling a another lady.
A woman taking a picture with a white woman.
A man wearing a black shirt and black watch standing at the back left of a commercial kitchen.
A man all in black.
Park bench that no one is sitting on.
A wooden bench in the middle of a pathway.
A little boy wearing a green button-down shirt.
boy behind table wearing green.
a boy eteing  food.
A young toddler in a blue shirt, eating a donut and getting it all over his face.
A glazed donut with thick, tan icing.
a brown sugar frosting donut.
A baseball catcher crouching between a swinging batter and the umpire.
catcher of baseball game.
Older lady with a blue sweater on.
A middle-aged woman in a blue collared shirt next to two younger women and a very young child.
A large green plant in a big pot next to two smaller yellow plants.
A large pot filled with a green plant.
A baseball player wearing a navy shirt.
A baseball player holding up a glove.
A man in a light-blue t-shirt.
A man in a blue shirt standing next to a theme character at a park.
This is a red leather sofa.
The red couch facing the fireplace.
a red motorcycle.
A RED COLOR BULLET BIKE PARKING IN THE ROAD SIDE.
A man on a skateboard that has green wheels.
a man wearing no sunglasses.
The brown surfboard on the left.
The surf board being used by the male wolf.
The elephant you cant see the head of, the one behind the baby.
Large grey elephant standing behind the baby elephant.
A cross design cover for the Boondock Saints.
A blue, green, and purple bike.
A bicycle.
The person with glasses, on the left.
A sitting lady  wearing  a cooling glass.
A man in a brown shirt playing frisbee.
A red container filled with carrots on a tray.
A red square container containing carrots within a lunch box.
The front portion of an old, grey cell phone.
Motorola C350 phone.
A person in a brons shirt and stipped skirt standing next to luggage.
Th guy oni the far right.
a man with a black shirt on wearing glasses.
A bundle of mini bananas.
A bunch of ripe mini-bananas.
A cake doughnut on a plate.
a beach chair laid down lower than the one beside it.
A beach chair on the left next to some clothes.
A man with a bat wearing a red helmet.
A player with white dress and red helmet.
The cross country skier in a blue jacket.
A skier in a blue jacket and black pants.
LITTLE GIRL WITH EYES CLOSED SMILING AT CAMERA.
The girl with her eyes closed.
White boat behind police boat.
boat behind police boat.
a sign with a cup of Dunkin Donuts coffee.
A Dunkin' Donuts billboard.
cushion on the bench.
A wooden bench with three people sitting on it.
A wooden bench with three people sitting on it.
the duck behind the 2 others.
The far most duck.
A chair with its back to the kitchen counter.
A black ruck sack with many pockets.
A train car taller than the other cars.
A young man types on a laptop while two youngsters watch.
The man in black who is typing on the laptop.
Dark blue minivan behind group of people wearing blue.
The dark gray/blue mini-van parked on the road behind the three people watching the dog.
A boy wearing blue color jacket.
Young boy in a store looking a merchandise.
A child liying on the bed.
A little girl on the bed.
w owmen smiling in the tv.
closer tv.
Brown bear hanging from a tree by a belt.
A teddy bear hanging from a tree.
a dishwasher.
The dishwasher.
The person sitting behind the computer.
A striped shirt.
fire truck.
A fire truck with a door open.
second horse to the left.
Second horse from the left.
A pizza on a red table with paper plates and napkins next to it.
A shiny red table.
The person stnading behind the person wearing a cap.
baby bear leading the other one.
A white rowing shell.
A rowing boat with white-shirt wearing passengers.
A woman in a white shirt.
a woman looking at her hand.
White and orange bus that says Piccadilly on it.
Bus 94 to piccadilly.
Green chair.
The green sofa is very short.
A woman holding a pink umbrella is getting into an auto rickshaw.
A woman with white floral printed shirt and blue pant holding pink umbrella getting into the vehicle.
Wooden chair sitting at a table with green cushion on it.
wood chair with a green pad in the foreground.
black colored luggage in left bottom corner.
The dark bag at the right hand of the an in the green shirt.
A baseball playing holding a bat, with light pants.
A baseball player holding a bat.
An older man looks surprised and happy as he sits beside a toddler.
A man with a plaid shirt.
bottom airplane.
The lowest plane in the sky.
Man with brown hair wearing a mask and a dark suit while holding a brief case.
person wearing face mask holding a brief case.
The man smoking.
A man smoking a cigarette.
A male smiling with spikey hair and glasses.
A man sitting in front of a larger pizza with pineapple on it.
AN OLD TYPE OVEN IN A KITCHEN.
lower part of the oven.
a boy walking the beach.
A small boy holding a white spool of string.
a cake with a slice missing.
A beatiful cake decorated with bead like stuffs where one piece is cut .
the parking meter on the right.
the parking meter on the right.
A bright yellow surfboard with yin yang logo.
A flower leanging over a bed.
The bed which was to in the right end of picture.
A third laptop in black and gray colour.
3RD LAPTOP FROM THE FRONT OF PICTURE.
A gray pier.
the dock they are lounging on.
dish of salsa.
A white cup of salsa.
The pair of light colored skis.
partial image of toilet.
A white,ceramic toilet with the seat cover up.
An airplane at rest on a tarmac.
Giant passenger airplane at the airport gates.
the man in white shirt.
a man wearing white in a hot dog eating contest.
baseball player Ramos number 28.
A man in a white and red baseball uniform is up to bat.
The girl with the pink hair band.
a little girl stirring batter in a bowl with a little boy in a high chair wearing a helmet.
A messy brown couch with huge pillows.
pillow chouch behind boys.
A white couch near the design.
a single sofa next to the tree.
Skier on snowy slope wearing red jacket and gray backpack.
A woman skier with a red shirt, black pants, and a backpack.
Two kids in a picture.
child and baby.
A man with a brown shirt and jeans on.
the torso of a person standing.
A soccer player in a black uniform trying to kick the ball.
A soccer player dressed in a black uniform attempting to steal the ball.
A bus, to the left of another bus.
a bus with text on its screen.
The Zebra in the middle with his feet in the air.
A ZEBRA IN THE CENTER OF HIS COLLEAGUE PLAYING WITH THEM.
The chair the woman with a pony tail is sitting in.
the chair the girl is sitting in.
The white dog that is sitting on the first bench seen from the right side.
the larger dog.
A brown cup extending off the frame of the photo.
red cup.
a car window in which the driver can see two other cars.
A view through a car driver's seat of a quiet street.
A red vehicle with the words columbia icefield on it.
The white and red snow bus.
the older boy with the blue shirt.
A kid in a light blue shirt with a baby on his lap.
ASIAN WOMAN WITH GLOVES ON PREPARING FOOD.
a woman preparing food under an umbrella.
A motorcycle in the middle.
a motorcycle in between two other motorcycles.
A man sitting behind a little boy.
A man wearing gray t shirt.
A girl with left leg lifted along with the slidder.
A skier standing while holding both poles.
A mascot moose cutting a white cake.
mosse's shirt.
Woman wearing eyeglasses sitting in a pizza restaurant eating a slice of pizza.
A young female in glasses, wearing a white shirt, eating pizza.
A black snowboard with a woman's feet attached to it.
Black snowboard in the snow.
The person nearest the window in the right hand seats.
large wood countertop under pizzas.
A table with food on it.
A black cat curled up in a car seat.
A black cat lying on the front side passenger seat in a car.
A laptop held by a man to the right of all others.
a laptop set upon the lap of a man outside, enjoying a cigarette while he uses it.
boy skateboarding in blue jacket.
boy on left.
The person wearing blue.
a person hand in the table.
A boy in red shorts and white tee shirt holding a white plastic grocery bag and sitting on a bench next to another boy.
A boy wearing a white shirt sits on a bench.
A computer monitor.
The side of a flat screen monitor.
A HAND WHICH IS HOLDING HER BABY.
the red cat.
a brown cat.
a baseball catcher catching a ball.
A baseball player wearing white and blue.
The woman in the black shirt.
a women playing tennis.
Man in  tan shirt and gray shorts.
A man in grey shorts holding some type of cane.
blurry girl arm on right.
an adult woman in a silver tank top.
Female in red ski suit and poles posing on a ski mountain.
A woman with long brown hair wearing a grey hat.
A blue train that says 'The Cathedrals Express' on the front of it.
Steam train pulled into a station.
A woman eatingi ce cream.
A woman in a flowered blouse eating an ice cream sundae.
train with a number 8138 in the left most side of the image.
train car on left hand sid e.
The gentleman walking away, who is facing away from the photographer, who is leading the livestock.
Man with a white turban.
Rightmost elephant.
elephant with trunk covered.
A man in a blue shirt swinging a golf club.
a golfer about to swing at a golf ball.
SHEEP AND TWO KIT SHEEP IN TWO SIDE OF THE MOTHER SHEEEP.
Sheep with her babies.
a woman in a green jacket holding a teddy bear.
A lady in a green jacket and red headband holding a bear over a hospital bed.
Corner wine glass.
glass of wine in table.
A MAN WALKING THE ROAD HOLDING THE SKATING  WITH HEALMEAT.
A skateboarder wearing a gray helmet and some kneepads.
A woman doing medical work on a giant teddy bear.
An older woman with short hair, dressed in jeans and a collared shirt, with a belt pouch.
A chair to the left of a table.
A sandwich right of another.
Sandwich half to the right of other half.
A white and black cow.
a black and white cow.
Man in black suit cutting the cake.
A groom cutting cake on his wedding day.
The bird that is standing upright.
The animal to the left next to its young ones.
A woman lying on her back, watching a baby.
The woman looking at the child.
A chair with a seat cushion that has a giraffe on it.
A pillow with an image of a giraffe rests on a chair next o a desk.
a dirty yellow toilet in the corner of the room.
dirty yellow toilet next to an upside down ttoilet in a corner.
A chair next to the wall.
Bottom half of the blue chair behind the man holding the remote.
man that is inside the room.
a man in a jacket and jeans standing with his hands in his pockets.
table on right.
One of two tables covered with pizzas and drink cups before a man with a blue hat and a man eating something.
A man with a white t-shirt and beard playing a video game.
A young man wearing a a white shirt with black lettering and trim.
Skaters on a track while wearing safety gear.
a young man on a skateboard next to an orange cone.
the tribal pattern tablecloth.
Colorful, striped tablecloth.
There is a green colored plate mat under the sandwich.
A white sedan is parked behind where a boy rides a skateboard.
The white BMW car.
A catcher wearing a mask.
the catcher behind the plate.
a brown woodedn chair being sat on by a woman in jeans.
A chair with a black female sitting on it.
A white surf board.
A white surfboard about to be surfed on.
Man on skateboard performing tricks - grinding a rail.
Skateboarder in black dress flying on a railing.
A brown cow walking in front of another white big cow.
A brown cow.
a half opened bag filled with things.
A black color object behind the blanket.
A long-horn, long-haired brown cow looking at the camera.
A brown bull in front of feeding tub.
The front of a tour bus which owned by 'Cruz Del Sol.'.
A large vehicle  with Cruz Del S directly in front of the camera.
The black couch with the green pillow on it.
black couch in the back side of the image.
the couple are standing and hold one another hand.
Woman and man formally dressed cutting a dessert,.
This looks like a black leather sofa.
a black leather sofa.
White horse with a small boy on the back.
The dirty looking horse.
The stop sign facing the camera.
A stop sign.
A light blue plane that can barely be seen.
the blue plane in back.
A man in a black jacket, white shirt, and jeans standing against a wall looking at a cellphone.
A man with a gray coat on and on the phone standing next to a woman.
A blond haired woman with sunglasses wearing a plaid tank top sitting at a deck table.
A woman with a blue plaid tank top.
A person wearing a black sweatshirt, holding a black bag.
A person in a green headscarf and black nike shoes watching a train.
There is one white cat sitting on the floor and looking at somewhere.
a white long-haired cat.
The jockey riding the 6 horse.
jockey with blue and yellow stripe down sleeve.
ball player on left.
A man holding two baseball bats.
A piece of bacon on a piece of bread the farthest from the knife.
Black piece of furniture positioned against the wall on the back middle part of the room.
A man on a skateboard.
the kid riding the skatboard.
The toilet to the right of the other toilet.
A television under a computer monitor.
A TV under a monitor.
A large elephant behind a baby elephant.
A big elephant guarding the child elephant.
a blurry shot of people riding a scooter in the rain.
top right blurry motorcyclist going out of frame.
A man in a shirt.
A man wearing long black pants.
a table with a plate of eggs, toast, and potatoes on it.
The table under the food.
The blue container blurry in the image.
Blue pot next to yellow pot.
A doughnut without a hole.
The donut that doesn't have a hole in it.
A catcher on the baseball field crouching down for the catch.
the catcher.
A monk holding a yellow umbrella.
man with umbrella.
a fied brocoli.
A pile of broccoli on a white plate.
The short haired woman on the left wearing a black sweater.
A woman dressed in black who appears to be talking to someone.
A young boy in a colorful hat jumping a skateboard.
A boy with a colorful hat is doing tricks on top of a skateboard.
The rear portion of a car which is black in color.
a black ford taurus with brake lights on.
A woman looking at her phone.
A woman holding a phone up to her face.
A pizza with lots of cheese on a square shaped pan.
A black car next to a double decker bus.
A black car with a logo on it's door is next to a big red double level bus.
A zebra that is facing to the right, not back and to the left like the zebra behind it.
ZEBRA CLOSEST TO FENCE.
a black parked motorcycle.
The motorcycle with the black paint and the taller windshield.
elephant with trunk turned.
The shorter of two elephants.
A person with black pants carrying a back pack.
A right handed woman in an orange shirt playing beach baseball prepaing to swing at a pitch.
A girl in an orange top swinging a bat at a whiffle ball.
the bike with brown handles.
Chair at the table on the right.
Chair to the right of the drinks.
The man in the blue shirt.
A man wearing a blue shirt, who is holding a water bottle with both hands.
A small blind kid wearing Green.
a boy wearing light green shirt and shot an holding tennis racket.
rocking chair with a pillow.
Rocking chair.
A man in a park just after he has thrown a Frisbee.
man wearing black shirt and blue jeans.
the woman wearing reflective vest smiling.
woman in vote for pedro shirt.
A salami and mushroom pizza.
an uncooked pizza with sauce, mushrooms, pepperoni and cheese.
a blue suv.
An SUV parked in a driveway nect to a tree.
baby elephant.
The smallest of baby elephants.
the zebra in the background that is all blurry.
A ZEBRA IS STANDING BESIDE ANOTHER ONE.
A poached egg to the left of another poached egg placed on a plate.
The right bowl of soup.
The out of focus piece of broccoli.
GREEN VEGGIE CLOSEST TO RICE.
an old green london country bus wiht yellow words on it.
The bus with the word littlewoods on it.
All of the trunks under the round trunk.
3 Antique Trunks.
A woman with a gray hat and blue shirt walking a horse.
A man holding a horse with a rope as a lady rides it.
A table with a cake on top of it.
A TABLE WITH CAKE ON IT AND A MILITARY LADY CUTTING IT WITH A SWORD.
The hand and wrist of somewone wearing a green bracelet.
Green band on the wrist of a woman.
All bottle except Left most one.
smiling woman looking at camera.
woman wearing glasses and smiling.
Zebra laying on ground.
A zebra sitting with it's back to the camera next to a standing zebra.
The skateboard being held by the man in the white shirt.
The skateboard being held.
the black cat on the left.
A black cat with yellow eyes and ears pointy straight up.
the large giraffe closest to the camera.
the large giraffe closest to the camera.
a baseball player in a green helmate with his hands on his hips.
A boy with striped baseball pants standing up straight.
A man doing tricks on a skateboard.
A skater wearing a gray shirt skating on a rail.
The pizza in the back.
Pizza behind other pizza.
a woman wearing a blue tank top and white skirt playing tennis.
The woman in the white skirt.
the car behind this parking meter.
The car parked behind the meter.
The woman in the turquoise skirt.
A woman with a baby on her lap.
A man with a volunteer sticker.
bald headed man with a flowered shirt.
zebra on left.
Young person in red shirt and red safety helmet holds the bat in both hands as he is going to bunt the ball.
A boy with a red helmet is hodling a bat.
green bowl of vegetables above two white plates of vegetables.
Large bowl.
The closest chair.
A wooden chair, different from the other chairs.
woman in yellow with feet up by table who is on phone.
A woman with her hand on her face.
a white tow truck pulling a truck.
A very old tow truck.
train coming toward camera.
train car.
Baby in yellow.
A girl baby on the carrier with her mom.
A banana on which a apple is sitting.
silver car on the right in the right hand picture.
A man in a silver sedan sits impatiently at the stoplight as pedestrians walk behind his car.
baby giraffe.
baby giraffe.
Person in red pants carrying a barrel.
A red color pant person is in the front.
A BOY IN FRONT OF A GIRL WHO TAKING A SELFIE.
A blurred photo of a back of a boy.
the big truck.
a machine with huge tyres.
A brown bear looking down with a somewhat large hump on it's back, sitting to the right of another bear.
grizzly bear sitting behind another bear on some mossy rocks.
A man standing in the dugout.
Black chair.
A black chair with a leather seat.
Bike on the right, with the pink bottle.
A bicycle leaning against a tree with a pink water bottle attached to it.
A man wearing three ties sitting down.
A blonde man with glasses wearing three ties.
An old fashioned pair of scissors that one squared ring and one round one.
A white and blue plane from oneworld.
A white airplane with red and blue decor about to take off from an airport.
a brown couch with comfortable pillows.
A brown couch in the livingroom.
A glass of tea next to a donut on a tray on the right side of the table.
A glass with a brown color drink and its handle is not visible.
red car.
A red car parked in a parking lot.
Man in back on couch behind blonde woman in white.
The woman laughing on the futon.
The bowl with the spoon that is sticking straight up.
A water glass.
A glass with a drinking-straw in it.
A snowboard with red and black designs on it.
The white snowboard at front.
man sitting in the front with check shirt.
The audience member wearing a white and red checked shirt.
An asian woman in black dress.
A woman in a black dress writing with pen.
a man with a red shirt and beige hat riding a horse near a bull.
A person on a horse in a red poncho.
a man with guitar wearing black t-shirt.
Reflection of man pointing at guitar.
Biggest elephant.
AN ELEPHANT WALKING WIHT ITS FAMILY.
A boy skateboarding with a hand in his pockets.
A boy in grey who is skateboarding.
A woman eating a hot dog.
A woman eating a hot dog.
an orange behind the tin.
Green bananas in a cardboard box.
a bunch of bananas in a box with other produce.
the last portion of green vegitable.
Muscled man with fork.
the man with the fork in the air.
An individual piece of brocolli with a tear in the stem, next to a piece of cooked tomato.
The single left most piece of broccoli.
Chair at table with the man.
Empty black chair at the table behind the table in the foreground.
A zebra standing with some grass on its mouth.
A zebra facing left.
a blue small car.
A small blue car being driven down a snowy street.
A duck whose neck is covering up another duck.
The first duck which is close to the camera.
Two person who was holding an umbrella.
A couple and the umbrella they are beneath.
A blonde woman in a white shirt and long black skirt.
There is one small girl wearing white top is touching the elephant.
An open multi-colored umbrella covering a man walking with others in a street.
The umbrella being carried by the person in the blue jacket.
The boy with the white helmet.
a young man in black wearing  white helmet on a skateboard.
Left sink.
A sink with a paper in it.
The reflection of the man who is brushing his teeth.
Mirror image of a man brushing his teeth.
A dark colored chair.
comfortable dining chair.
The 4 door sedan.
A silver four door car behind a smaller car and two scooters.
A cracked bread bowl filled with food.
The sandwich on the right.
A computer in use in front of a person wearing glasses with their hand on their chin.
Laptop in front of woman.
The kid in a facemask wearing black.
The umpire of the game.
The white couch facing the TV.
A white couch next to black chairs.
The banana closest to the orange juice in the cup.
The banana on the right closest to the orange juice.
A colorful plate of food featuring many types of vegetables, mostly consiting of beans.  A bowl of soup, utensils and glass of water.
A vegetarian meal on a white plate with yellow and brown designs.
A gray sofa.
A grey color sofa.
an officer on a horse not really visible in the picture.
A passion fruit kept on the glass saucer.
A grapefruit above an opened grapefruit.
Bridegroom in a grey suit and thick black glasses.
A man in a suit eating wedding cake.
The wine glass the lady is drinking out of.
The glass and its red colored contents.
a woman in a wedding dress.
The bride underneath the white umbrella.
Shorter giraffe.
a giraffe with its mouth closed.
A black jaguar parked on the side of the street.
A black car in front of a store with a red sign and to the left of a yellow bus.
the controller closest to a coke can.
The black remote sitting beside a Coca Cola Zero can.
One arm on the table and one elbow on the table.
Person with arm on table behind almost-full water glass.
Baseball batter trying to hit the ball.
A man holding a bat.
the person with the red shirt and dark blue jeans.
A black chair, with no one sitting in it, in front of a laptop.
The right half of the sandwich.
The half of sandwich on the right side of the plate.
Someone holding a burito.
Hand holding food.
An old beige car between a red and blue car.
A white car.
A man in green shorts catches a frisbee.
a man wearing green colour shorts.
The purple chair the man is sitting on.
A purple reclining chair.
the big brown UPS truck next to the biker.
brown ups truck.
The TV on the shelf.
A black and silver television is turned on.
young girl with pink snow outfit on snow ski.
A little girl wears all pink while learning how to ski.
the lady in blue is feeding the baby a bite of icing.
A white woman wearing a blue shirt standing next to a flower vase.
A grey TV remote on the left of the rest of the remotes.
remote in the left side of the image.
A woman uses her computer across from a man doing the same.
A woman wearing a white shirt with black sleeves.
A small boy under the age of 10 standing on a boat holding bananas.
The boy standing in the boat.
the yellow truck in the right hand picture.
the yellow truck, bottom right of photo.
a woman in red and orange ski apparel.
The person in the orange jacket and red pants.
Bed with stuffed sheep on it.
the bed with the lamb.
Man standing next to bump sign.
The man with the raised hand next to the orange sign.
animal leading two sheep.
A female performs a serve during a doubles tennis match.
player in back.
the person in the pliad shirt.
A flowered top and checkered top over top of it, as well as the pointing hand of the person wearing those tops.
A table near a chair.
a wooden table and empty chair.
The palm tree in the upper left of the photo.
a palm tree beside a tv.
white umbrella on the ground.
white umbrella with a yellow center lying on floor with bottom edge blurred out.
backside of a cross street sign.
back of the road crossing sign.
A girl in a white shirt eating.
A female with glasses in an white shirt holding a piece of a sandwich.
Reflection of Stop, State Police.
Car hood with reflection of words.
A woman jogging and leading a horse.
A woman walking a horse.
A man with a silver ring is holding a phone.
Dark skinned person holding a cell phone recording a speach.
a man in black top.
A man with a black shirt sitting at the table.
A short haired horse walking along a longer haired horse.
Horse to right of other horse with less hair.
An airplane with orange and gray decoration.
A silver and red paint hanging from the ceiling.
The "arm" of the armchair next to the remotes.
White material next to the side of the black remote.
A woman wearing an orange vest and blue jean shorts.
A woman in shorts and a safety vest.
A player in a green top leaning on the fence.
A baseball player leaning over a fence.
man surfing.
A man surgs down river rapids.
A man dressed like a lady in a pink dress and lipstick.
The man with a wedding vail on the right.
The piece of sandwich that is closest to the cup of ketchup.
The sandwich closest to the cup with ketchup in it.
The red Land Rover SUV behind the fence.
A red vehicle sits on the other side of a fence.
A white car that was backed into a parking space behind the fence.
the back of a white car behind a metal fence.
sofa in a hall.
the beige couch.
The body of a grey elephant.
The elephant in the background.
A man holding fork and knife.
A man wearing black shirt eating with a fork and knife.
A clear bowl with salad in it, next to a plate of pizza.
A bowl of salad.
a green boat with black bottom part, resting next to a blue boat.
A dark green boat, with hints of red and yellow, docked next to a blue boat.
A giraffe in a group.
The face and neck of a giraffe stretched out.
A light brown cat.
A small light colored cat.
Giraffe whose head is in the barn.
The giraffe whose head is not visible.
A arm wearing a glove about to receive something.
Arm of person wearing orange shirt and yellow glove.
the pizza in the back.
pizza in the back.
A peanut butter and jelly sandwich on wheat bread.
One half of a wheat bread sandwich.
A man with black color shirt with cigarette walking on the pavement.
the lady is having birthday.
The woman who is sitting behind the birthday cake.
A stack of papers underneath the computer monitor.
Some papers on a desk near a computer in somebody's apartment.
The boy standing in front of the motorcycle.
A boy posing in front of a sheriff's motorcycle.
A foal stands next to another horse in a field of flowers.
A baby horse in front of its mother who is eating grass.
a computer screen facing the photographer.
screen on far right.
The bottom bunk with a blue blanket.
bottom bed of bunkbed set.
A green and white snowboard.
A yellow pole that says 'FISC'.
A Krispy Creme coffee cup that is filled nearly to the brim.
The coffee cup  closest to the chocolate glazed donut with the spiderweb design.
The silver car on the left.
closest lught gray car.
person sitting with leg crossed over knee.
The person in shorts.
The piece of bread second from the top.
A woman in a tan sweater.
a person in a light brown sweater shown between a dog's open mouth.
bottom half of the bowl holding tortilla chips.
a young boy dressed in blue standing next to a statue.
a little boy in a blue outfit taking a picture with another child and a statue.
A dark gray elephant behind another elephant.
the elephant in the back.
A futon with people playing video games on it.
Grayish tan seat part of a futon.
the man on the pier.
man on dock.
A man with a gray suit and a tie.
A man in a suit on a subway train.
A white truck that is on its side.
the truck over on it's side.
A giraffe stands in the shade of a tree with another giraffe next to it.
the giraffe on the right closest to the camera.
this is a red apple.
The red apple.
portion of the gray color monitor in the left.
A black cat sitting on a wooden toilet.
A cat lying on a toilet seat.
A white boat on the water at the end of the line.
The boat in the very back.
An outhouse with a hand print in a dusty area.
A dirty port a potty.
A man with gray jacket.
A kid wearing a light grey jacket with longer hair.
Blue vase with tag.
A mid-to-light blue vase with a narrow arrangement coming out of it.
A woman with a green toothbrush in her mouth.
A girl with a scarf around her neck.
skier on the far right wearing blue pants and a red jacket.
a young boy wearing a red jacket, light blue ski pants and skis and orange goggles.
A section of three pieces of pizza still connected.
The largest portion of pizza.
A black purse being worn by the woman petting the animal.
A black handbag with long shoulder strap.
The jockey in the solid green shirt.
A jockey on a horse standing up in a green shirt.
a brown horse next to a bench.
a brown horse.
The man standing with the little gir.
A MAN PLAYING WITH HIS DAUGHTER.
a person standing in front of an elephant with a yellow jacket and blue shorts.
A person wearing a yellow jacket.
A man in an orange shirt.
A blurred man in orange watching the game.
this is a horse behind two other horses.
The horse walking behind the other horses.
a black and white cow.
The cow has a black and white face.
A silver automobile forms the backdrop to a photo of a ram walking about in a lot.
grey car parked.
SKATING BOARD.
A green and yellow snowboard.
a computer screen between two others.
middle monitor.
A silver vehicle that is parked.
A grey car.
Bicycle parked in the hallway of a building in front of  a motorbike and bicycle.
A projector sitting on a chair.
a small black chair with a projector resting on it.
A man in a red and black shirt.
Man in shorts and red shirt playing frisbee.
A neatly made bunk bed.
The top and bottom bunk beds with pretty purpleish bedspreads.
A man wearing a jacket with a fuzzy hood with an arm around him.
a man next to a woman, sitting on a bench, smiling. He also has a black outfit.
man holding wine glass.
A man's wrist in his red sleeve.
A man suited in Navy military dress whites receives a warm handshake from a dignitary while having a medal placed around his neck.
A man in a white military dress uniform shaking the hand of a man in a business suit.
The motorcycle with the side buggy.
motorcycle with passenger seat.
A woman looking at a phone.
an asian woman wearing a black dress and carrying an umbrella while looking at her phone.
The Man Riding on the Sketing Board.
the skateboarder doing a trick.
the sausage under the other sausages nearest to the camera.
Underneath sausage closest to red pepper.
A lady sitting on brown horse with brown coat and black hat.
A woman in a riding suit with a tan jacket and black pants riding a brown horse.
A small dog standing under a bigger dog.
A small dog sitting near a big dog in a car.
All of the broccoli but not the bowl itself.
All of the broccoli.
A cute little pillow for the couch.
green pillow.
A teddy with full red dress.
A large teddy bear to the right of the woman.
zebra walking behind others.
a zebra that is lagging behind two zebras.
a man in a dark baseball cap to the left of the tennis player.
person on left in background sitting.
The umpire in black.
An umpire crouching down.
a blue truck behind a black and green truck.
a blue semi truck.
A man performing a stunt on a dirtbike.
A person riding a dirt bike in full red, white, black and yellow gear.
CARGO SHIP AT DOCK.
Largest elephant.
AN ELEPHANT WALKING WITH KID ELEPHANT ON THE GRASS.
Player holding bat with number 18 on his back.
a person wearing a black cap.
A GIRL LOOK AT HER MOBILE.
A woman using her cell phone on a bench.
dog with purple collar looking in the mirror.
a dog eting.
A lady is dancing.
A girl playing Wii.
An umpire standing behind home plate in a baseball game.
An umpire in black is leaned over the catcher.
a silver trailer behind a black cow.
A cargo container with some numbers written on it.
The baby cow laying down to the left of all other cows.
A young, brown calf that is lying down.
Laptop in lap of boy with red shirt with navy blue sleeves.
gray laptop computer.
Two giraffes interlocking necks.
the giraffe that has its held held upright, not bent.
A blue pants leg of a person walking a tan colored dog.
A leg of a person holding a dog.
a sandwich.
A burger with tomato and bacon.
A red vehicle in the background.
A red caravan.
the silver serving tray with lemonade.
a platter where to put food on.
kid elephant with other elephants.
A cute baby elephant with his parents.
man in adidas gear.
A man in gray shirt playing tennis.
A pizza with cheese, basil and sauce next to another pizza with greens and olives.
pizza on the right with mozarella.
A woman in a black coat and brown boots carrying a black umbrella.
A woman holding a black umbrella.
person about to hit the ball wearing a red ban on head.
tennis player in front.
A tin of food sitting on a white plate that hasn't been touched yet.
A metal bowl on a plate with an entree with lots of cheese on top.
A half filled skillet with salads and a shortbreat.
Vegetable medley in the frying pan.
An antique motorized bicycle with a green casing on the rear wheel.
the bowl with a test tube in it.
A container of salad.
man with ash color jersey.
A man dressed in a grey baseball uniform and red cap.
The sandwich piece to the left of the other sandwich pieces.
The smallest of four sliced sandwiches sits at the left end of the row.
An umbrella being held by someone sitting on a park bench.
A black umbrella in the rain.
Woman in a striped top, holding a cup and saucer, and looking very bored.
A lady with specs holding cup in hand.
Man in black with wide stance holding frisbee.
Guy in red and white sneakers and black outfit running with frisbee.
bunch of carrot.
A BUNDLE OF LARGE ORANGE CARROTS.
A woman in lingerie with a hand on her hip and carrying a pink and black purse.
The woman with the stickers on her butt.
A white van that says Roxy's on the side.
A green truck with the word ROXY's gourmet grilled chi on it on the grass near other trucks and people walking.
a white station wagon with dark windows.
The parked silver car closest to the raised fist and shoulder of the man in a brown tee shirt.
A mug of tea steeping.
Cup of beer to the right of the meatballs on a table.
man in tan jacket.
A man in a beige coat watching two men play a game.
an asian man serving at tennis.
A man reaching to hit a tennis ball with his racket.
A man talking on a cell phone and getting ready to take notes while sitting next to a wall.
A man on a cell phone.
the leftmost broccoli.
The broccoli on the left half of the plate.
water glass on the table of the man eating alone.
The glass of water on the edge of the table furthest away from the woman.
a man in a purple short and tan hat.
A man with a grey beard, glasses and a hat with all kinds of pins holding a cake.
Two Clydesdales closest to the buggy.
Two horses pulling a carriage.
the catcher.
A baseball squatting in position and calling the pitch.
A zebra grazing in front of another two zebras.
A zibra eating grass.
A white high chair.
A white highchair standing in a kitchen.
a wood chair.
A wood chair.
A glass of water with the word diner sits behind a plate.
A glass is sitting between two coffee mugs on the table.
A silver bike facing right in front of a bus.
Bike with backpack in front of a bus.
A man with black shirt and tan pants riding a skateboard.
a dude on a skateboard.
Half eaten omelet on back plate.
the light colored food on the plate near the vegetables.
A white stove-top.
The stove top.
skier in blue snowsuit standing between two other skiers.
The person in the middle of the three shown.
A man with orange capris and a black jacket.
MANS LEFT LEG WEARING A BROWN SANDLE AND WHITE SOCK .ORANGE SHORTS BLACK JACKET.
SILVER PLATE ON TABLE.
A silver bowl on the table.
Palm patterned chair.
The chair in front of the glass door.
Girl covering her face.
The person covering their face with a circular  object.
A giraffe, the one looking towards the camera.
giraffe on right.
A black keyboard sitting in front of a computer.
A black comtpuer keybpard.
Plane that is inside of hanger.
the blue striped plane in the hanger.
The teddy bear on the end with a blue tie.
A brown teddy bear with a blue bow.
the boy on the skateboard.
the child on the skateboard.
The side of a train that is sitting right in front of the woman ina striped shirt.
A woman in blue with bananas on her head.
a woman in a blue shirt carrying bananas on her head.
the picnic table in the back.
Table in the back.
The book on the stomach of the boy on the right side of the bed.
the opened book on the boy.
A plump brunette woman wearing feathers leaning on a table.
A woman wearing a black and white feathered steampunk costume in front of another woman in a black costume.
A hand holding a grater over a mini pizza.
A hand clutching a cheese grater handle.
A green plant with a green pot.
green vase on left.
Man in the middle.
Center surfer.
The large red umbrella.
The top of a red umbrella in the middle of a road.
A blond smiling girl looks at the donuts.
A young girl with long blonde hair.
A girl in a yellow shirt and black jacket stands next to a baby in a pink shirt.
a young woman wearing a black jacket, yellow tshirt and blue jeans.
A CAT INSIDE A STORE AREA.
Inside the fridge with the cat.
A keyboard in front of a laptop.
A BLACK KEYBOARD ON A TABLE.
the young man with the parasal.
A young man in a white shirt and black tie carrying an umbrella.
A bride and groom. The bride is holding the flowers, wearing a veil with her white dress.
The bride.
A base ball bat at position of bating.
The baseball bat close to you.
a table.
The black table top.
White vase on the left.
A white vase to the left of two other vases.
white male tennis player with leg kicked up.
Player returning shot.
A man wearing a blue shirt holding a clipboard in his hand.
A man in a blue t-shirt watches as the officer rides his motorcycle through the course.
A kitchen window with the blinds open.
A window with its blinds up.
The fourth image of a grey tie in a series of four.
The mans gray tie on the right side of the picture.
A dark grey mens shirt sitting at the table.
A persons arm with a shirt that is gray reaching for a sandwich.
Lounge chair closest forward in front of a small round table.
couch in the right side the image.
Smaller gray elephant in sunlight.
An elephant out from under the shade with two short husks showing.
a man playing tennis.
oldman playing tennes.
a horse with it's head cropped out of a picture.
the horse on the left.
A white bowl sitting upright between another upright bowl and an upside down bowl.
the white vase in the middle left.
A giraffe standing tall.
GIRAFF ALONG LOOKING FOR SOMEBODY.
Skier in black and red outfit standing in middle of rest area.
YOUNG BOY IN RED JACKET AND BLACK PANTS.
a bowl with soup.
stone bowl of kimchi jigae.
a women sitting on bench.
The bench with the purple dress on it.
Rose colored chair near a window with shear curtains in what appears to be a dining/living space.
pink chair with nothing on it.
blue and silver train coming out of a tunnel.
The blue train coming out of the bridge.
the back of a person behind a woman with an umbrella.
man in blue jeans and black shirt walking to the left of a woman on a sidewalk.
a cat eating something.
A brown cat with green eyes standing near the person in floor.
uncovered matress a boy is standing on.
a matress with a kid standing on it.
A laptop displaying graphs sitting on top of another electronic.
A laptop which is above the TV monitor.
A rider in a white jacket astride a paint horse.
old man was on horse ride.
bicycle being ridden by woman.
The black bicycle the woman is going to ride.
The bobcat standing up is thinking about pouncing.
The cat that is upright and looking at the upside down cat.
woman with racket.
The woman with the tennis rack.
A dachshund dog in sharp focus looking directly forward at the camera.
The dog on the right is in better focus.
the light blue ski.
Blue skis in the back.
The girl has white colour hair.
A woman with blonde hair.
A lay spirit lying on the bed.
A ghost sleeping on the bed.
A man lounging on a beach chair.
A man in a black bathing suit enjoying shade on a beach.
The bus with the letters "SI" on the front of it.
The bus that is black.
A guy laying down in a bed wearing a pair of white Hanes socks.
A man with white socks is laying down on a bed next to another man.
The larger bunch of bananas hanging from a red string.
bananas with green tips.
the horse in the front of the picture.
The horse looking at the camera.
A white oven sits beside some kitched untensil.
A white porcelain stove next to a kitchen counter.
the woman in white.
the female skier who is in front.
woman.
A girl in the ocean riding a wive wearing a baseball cap.
The left half of the sandwich.
Half of a sandwich on white toast with the cut side facing the camera.
A wine glass which is seen on the left side of other three glasses.
a white toilet next to a bidet in a bathroom.
The white toilet in the water closet has the lid open.
A bird that has its wings completely spread out.
A bird in flight with it's wings up.
A young skier in red pants with white writing, racing another skier.
the right skier in the right hand picture.
A baseball player named Gomez.
Player number 22.
A black cat in a man's lap.
The black cat on the left.
boy in pink shirt and black pants smiling at camera, on the left with his right side to us.
A boy wearing tie is giving a smile.
A large gray boat the with the letter RX on the side.
boat with a flag.
Black and white skis near brown skis.
A zebra standing alone.
A zebra standing in a zoo enclosure with two other zebras.
A man wearing a black shirt on tv.
A man wearing a blue court.
Orange toilet next to the sink.
a red toilet seat next to a sink.
A woman wearing jeans.
A woman in blue jeans holding an umbrella.
A bird with a red stripe on its head.
horse in the background.
Out of focus horse in weeds.
A young giraffe next to its mother.
A baby giraffe standing next to a big giraffe.
Broccoli to right of other pieces.
right most side brocoli.
left side image of tennis player.
a woman reaching forward to hit a ball to the left of an identical image.
a man wearing glasses, a gray jacket, white shirt, black and white tie and dark hair.
the man standing with one lady with black colors suit.
A woman in boots sitting on a bench next to the sidewalk.
A woman with black rainboots and a white sweater sitting on a bench.
couch in the right side of the image.
couch farthest from window.
oranges left side.
oranges in second block from top on left.
The pillows behind the boy, and the white sheet under him.
The pillow.
the right side sheep.
sheep face with both ears fully in frame.
An Asian woman in a light grey suit getting ready to board an Airline Coach Service shuttle.
A girl in a long coat getting on a bus with another girl in a blue jacket.
The baseball player is getting ready to swing at the ball.
Number 37 is a man holding a bat waiting for the ball to be pitched.
A woman wearing a white and black dress holds a glass of wine.
A woman in sunglasses with a white shawl on holding a glass of wine.
The blue and white toothbrush in the person's hand.
A tooth brush in use.
A boy in black dress with brown hair holding toothbursh standing near another boy.
a boy wearing black tee shirt that is smiling.
A fully visible chair sitting at the round table.
a chair was infront of table.
a white cup.
A white cup rests on a table with a plate and a bowl.
The piece of luggage at the bottom.
Blue suitcase at bottom of luggage stack.
cupcake on the bottom right.
Bottom most pastry to the right of other pastry.
The green boat close to the dock.
A green boat in the water.
A boy wearing a sweater and completely black pants playing tennis.
A boy in a green sweater, not facing the camera, playing tennis with another boy on a tennis court.
the leftmost elephant whose tusks are visisble.
An elephant looking out of frame with one in front and one behind it.
A man wearing plaid shorts.
A man in plaid shorts and a white tshirt to the left of the photo walking away.
Computer screen with 3 on it.
A computer monitor displaying the number three.
Child watching other two children playing video game.
The little boy sitting down on the chair.
The giraffe that is laying down in the center of the picture.
Giraffe laying on the ground.
A plain white bed with four white pillows on it.
A sofa bed with white sheets and two white pillows.
A baseball pitcher after he just threw a ball.
Pitcher with glove on hand throwing the ball.
The toilet to the right.
A toilet to the right of a similar toilet.
a sofa in a hall.
couch behind lady in pink.
Hand and arm coming up from the right.
A hand holding a red comb, combing a mans hair.
silver flatscreen computer monitor to the left of a second silver flat screen monitor.
A computer monitor with a map and a side bar visible.
Man's black shoulder bag.
The bag over the shoulder of the man closest to the horse.
The zebra head behind and right of the group.
zebra right back.
whole apple.
An uncut, whole green apple.
An old dirty scooter parked next to a metal fence.
An old moped leaning on a railing.
The bottom oven door.
the bottom oven of the double over on the right side of the screen.
A person in a blue coat and black pants skiing downhill.
A skier with a blue shirt, black pants, black and white skies, black helmet.
Wooly sheep with its face in the green grass standing beside a two tone sheep.
An adult sheep with white wool.
The black luggage bag with the Samsonite tag.
black suitcase with another case on top.
A man wearing red T shirt holding up an umbrella.
A man wearing red T-shirt with a colorful umbrella.
A drink bottle is side of the flower vase.
Herre Moncuit bottle of wine.
a man on the sand.
A person laying in the sand.
A man riding skiis with the number 526 on his chest.
the skiier standing up on the left.
roast beef sandwich.
second slice of bread from the left.
The tallest bird has the largest beak.
woman looking at the scene.
a girl in an orange shirt looking back.
WOMAN STANDIGN.
Woman in air.
Tonys Supreme Pizza on the right.
A frozen pizza in front of a Tony's supreme pizza box.
A white book called Red Hat Linux Certification.
A book entitled Red Hat Linux Certification Study Guide.
A grey bench with nothing on it next to the bench with luggage.
A bench sitting on the sidewalk directly in front of a mn.
A bicycle being ridden by a man.
the man in the suit.
A smiling man in a suit and blue tie with a girl in an emerald green dress hanging on him.
last school bus next to people standing by.
The girl in a bikini top.
The girl in the bikini top brushing her teeth down to the bottom of her skirt.
A bus displaying Not in Service.
a parked city bus.
Red and black skis worn by skier number 23.
The smaller walking elephant.
smaller elephant.
area above woman's hand.
A small yellow and white service vehicle.
A little car on the road.
Man in the black shirt.
boy eating pizza and working in lapton.
The flowers on the left side of the piano.
beautiful red flowers.
A large, dark colored teddy bear wearing a hat and a sash.
a black bear with a white line across his chest.
A chair that is sitting on all four legs.
A wooden chair place underneath a table.
A cutter is on the cutter board.
The knife on the cutting board.
A small bird standing on a branch.
A bird with a brown pattern resting on a branch.
A green colored western toilet in the bathroom.
A green toilet with a box of tissues on the tank sitting in a bathroom with green walls.
The small bowl of sauce with the teaspoon next to the two pieces of bread.
A small blue bowl that is filled with a dark liquid that has  a silver utensil coming out of the bowl that is sitting on the plate.
A woman with her hands on her hips standing in front of a wall.
the woman with the black shirt and jeans.
girl.
A woman with dark brown hair holding a wine glass.
A brown police horse facing directly into the camera.
The horse with the green apron on.
A wing of a large aircraft parked on a field.
One wing and engine on an airplane.
man with backpack.
man.
Laptop on the right side of the table with a scrabble game open.
laptop on the right on table.
airplane seat on left.
Head rest of seat that is partially showing a man's head.
A man wearing a brown button-up sitting next to a stroller.
A man with a brown jacket sitting next to a stroller.
the bus numbered 2771.
A blue bus with the numbers 2771 on it.
The left part of a split keyboard sitting in front of it is a tin cup with noodles.
partial keyboard in middle with cup of noodles.
the woman on the right.
woman holding a glass.
a woman with blonde hair, and has her mouth wide open with the hand of an infant putting a toothbrush in her mouth.
a lady getting her teeth brushed.
a person wearing a yellow jacket.
The man with a yellow jacket and red visor of to the side.
Giraffe on right of two other giraffes.
giraffe to the furthest right.
Banana that does not have a sticker and is hiding under another banana.
The bottom banana in a bunch.
the back side of the seat in which lady facing to opposite side is sitting.
silver seat that the girl with long hair and her back to us is sitting in.
The giraffe on the left.
The torso of an adult giraffe standing next to another giraffe.
Batter wearing a black jersey is standing at home plate and swinging the bat.
A baseball player, in a black shirt, swinging at the ball.
A man in a light colored suit holding a hat.
An older african american man with a white hat.
The white Datsun truck.
A white color wagon which carries bananas.
A picture of a young boy in a blue shirt and black pants taking of a baseball helmet.
A boy in blue shirt taking of his helmet.
A girl with a teal and yellow and black jacket on with a snowboard.
A woman in a helmet holding up a snowboard.
Pieces of broccoli sitting in the bowl of food.
large chunks of broccoli.
The car sitting at the curb, in front of the hydrant.
A white car.
The hawaiin pizza.
half of a pizza with ham and pinapple.
the little girl in green in the right hand picture.
a young girl in a green shirt.
A cat who is looking at his/her reflection in the mirror.
A white cat.
Brown giraffe standing between the fence kissing the other giraffe.
Taller giraffe.
frontier airlines plane with an owl on the back wing.
plane.
A baseball bat beneath another.
a wooden bat being held below another wooden bat.
Man in a green shirt and white shorts sitting on a curb.
A man in a green shirt sitting next to a tennis racket.
The half of the sandwich closest to the glass on the plate with the orange slice.
The back half of a sandwich on the front most plate.
A black container with noodles in it.
a black plastic bowl with noodles and green veggies.
A black chair with red cushion on the left side of the table.
A woman observing kids playing a video game.
A woman wearing black sitting down.
partially seen elephant on far left.
AN ELEPHANT SIDE POSITION WITH TWO ELEPHANTS POSING FRONT SIDE.
a red train with a V on the front.
a red train.
The back of the man's head, wearing the baseball cap.
man sitting in the background behind two women.
A person riding a motorcycle with the number 74 on the front.
A man in a motor cross suit and a matching white helmet.
Cheese and meet stuffed in dough being sliced.
A broken up piece of calzone with the toppings spilling over.
empty table behind older couple.
A small table set with wine glasses and a menu.
the red and white boat in the right hand picture.
The edge of a bed to the right of another bed.
The top left corner of a bed matress with part of a pillow showing on top.
The one horse that is walking on the edge of the grass and gravel.
A horse on the right side of a buggy is walking.
An empty chair behind two other chairs.
blue bench closest to the camera.
A brown cow about to finish crossing the road.
A shaggy brown cow.
A scatting board holded by a man.
The surf board that the man is holding.
This is a man wearing a black suit.
The man in the black suit.
the furthest left umbrella.
White umbrella attached to a table in a location where there are multiple tables with umbrellas - outdoor restaurant.
A blue and white tennis racket held over a dark shirt.
The racquet the boy in the white shorts is holding.
A white sheep eating grass.
A white sheep's head.
A van driving by.
A van waiting in traffic.
A girl in a white helmet skateboarding through orange obstacles.
this is a woman skateboarding with a white helmet.
The fork on the left of the dessert slice.
the blurry fork almost touching the cake.
Brown leather couch with two people on it.
The brown couch with two people on it.
The corner of a pizza in the background, mostly out of frame.
A plate of pizza that is behind the piZza in front.
The smaller of the giraffes that is bending into the feeding trough.
A small giraffe eating out of a steel bucket.
blue gas tank top.
BLUE COLOR BIKE TANK AND SITTING THE CAT.
An empty black chair facing the window.
The black leather chair to the left of the fireplace.
dog in dark dog bed.
A brownish dogs showing its teeth.
A man playing tennis on an indoor court waiting his turn to serve.
A man holding a tennis racket.
knife with longer blade.
A black switch blade that lays next to a smaller blade.
girl in purple tank top and black shorts.
girl wearing purple tank and black shorts.
The winner.
a man in a tight white outfit.
The man wearing the black shirt with the peace sign on it.
A man with a peace sign on his shirt is getting ready to eat.
A woman in a orange shirt looking at the meal she is cooking.
A woman with a hat facing the fire looking ahead.
A man with long hair and a black shirt drinking from a glass.
a man with long hair and a beard.
a man was playing base boll.
Small boy in black uniform and armor throwing ball.
an empty blender.
juicer on the mixi.
A pizza with vegetable toppings.
A slice of pizza with veggies and cheese.
A perfectly sliced piece of sandwich sits in a wrapper.
A part of a sandwich that is next to the other half thats been eaten on.
The computer on the far right.
The laptop closest to the window being looked at by a chubby man with glasses.
2nd to theleft brown horse drinking.
Two apples on the left of a pomegranate.
Two red apples, one of which has some green on it.
a child wearing a purple shirt.
a girl sitting on bed.
Man standing in background of photo.
A person wearing gray pants, standing behind a motorcycle.
A bus numbered 1003.
The bus that  has number 1003 on it.
Plant and pot on patio.
A small bush ina pot sitting on the lawn.
A baseball player swinging a bat.
The player swinging the bat.
A man wearing a black shirt, black tie, and black jacket with a burgundy flower in the buttonhole.
A man in a dark suit, shirt and tie with dark hair looking suprised next to a woman in white.
sandwich on white bread.
Red couch behind man.
The back of the chair, the man is sitting in.
a tennis player in a black shirt.
roger federer in a black shirt playing tennis.
a bunch of brocoli.
A silver metal fork.
metal fork resting on a plate.
Broccoli beside rice.
An assortment of broccoli next to some rice.
The bed on the left.
A twin sized bed positioned between an identical bed and a nightstand.
A young girl reaching for a hotdog.
A little girl reaching for a hot dog.
woman with a napkin to her lips.
Girl with bead necklace eating food near an ATM.
A sheep sandwiched between two other sheep facing down a sheepdog.
Three sheep standing together.
The little baby boy who is smashing cake in his own face.
An infant with a fake tie on its onesie rubs a white substance on itself.
The man is playing a video game.
a man in a red shirt and khaki pants with blac ksocks and brown shoes on holding a game controller.
Black couch.
the leather couch.
A black color traveler's bag with pink color wheel is on the trolley.
The black suitcase with red wheels.
A child is leaning over while playing the Wii.
A girl plays xbox with family.
chocolate doughnut on the left.
BLUE COLOR OLD MODEL CAR NUMBERED 7H31-71.
Black classic Chevrolet car.
A black laptop that is being used next to a silver laptop that is not being used.
The black laptop.
The sink without a visible faucet.
the wash basin in the left.
a skater performing a jump and he is in air.
a man jumping.
A motorcycle following another motorcycle.
the motorcycle in the background.
A man wearing a hat.
a man wearing a cap at the front of a boat.
A smiling man on a snowboard.
a man dressed all in black.
the longest table.
a brown horse in the middle trotting.
Horse in the middle.
Image did not load.
white train with yellow doors on train tracks in front of two other trains.
White train with yellow doors.
a tennis player serving the ball.
A tennis player with racket raised just ready to serve.
The zebra in the middle.
The zebra in the middle.
A giraffe standing in a zoo with is side to a camera.
A giraffe is standing near a wall.
The floor that the dog is laying on.
A carpet that the dog is resting on.
An ottoman with a floral print.
A pink and cream floral ottoman.
Red, yellow, blue striped boat standing behind another boat.
A boat with a blue bottom.
A pink birthday cake with a castle theme.
A castle cake.
A man with a backpack on a bike to the left of a woman.
A bicyclist with a backpack on.
The bottom orang.
The right hand of the person standing in black trousers.
The dude against the wall.
A gray cat on the mat.
large grey cat with a red collar.
a half full coca cola bottle that is to the right of a glass of coca cola.
a white train.
2 White passenger train cars are sitting on a track.
A boy stooping to hit the tennis ball.
A small boy wearing a camouflage printed bucket hat.
The bottle of Domaine behind the glasses.
A bottle of wine with a label beginning with "Domaine".
A horse that a man is standing on with his left foot.
horse on right.
A yellow container holding sushi and tomatoes.
an orange bowl with rice wrapped around with seaweed and tomatoes on the side.
man with surfboard furthest away from ocean.
The male to the right.
a train with red and blue markings.
The train numbered 8343.
the empty sofa on the right.
An armchair to the right of a brown couch.
the backside of a ram.
A truck with a motorcycle in the back.
A green truck.
A woman with dark hair with one arm thrust forward.
LARGE FLOWER POT  WITH FLOWER DESIGN.
vase on left.
Sandwich in the plate.
A man wearing a bowler hat.
A MAN WEARING HAT AND STANDING NEAR BY A WOMAN WEARING WHITE COLOR GOWN.
It is a passenger plane from Shanghai China with a green and orange design on it and the words Better City, Better Life.
an airplane that is painted green and orange.
A chair in which the girl is sitting.
red stop light.
A traffic signal that is red.
A man with surfing board standing back of other man.
An sea skater skating on the long waves.
A metal foldable chair holds a man watching tv.
A baseball player behind the other one.
a baseball player with a glove in his back pocket.
A giraffe reaching up a bit further than the other giraffes to get food.
Among the four giraffee one is eating the grass.
The boy with the blue shirt.
blond boy wearing all blue clothes and holding wii controller.
The silver car in front of the mules.
silver car.
A girl in a pink dress.
A girl in red dress eatin a biscuit while sitting on steps.
The lights attached to the pole.
The backside of a traffic light.
A bride in a yellow dress and veil cutting a cake.
A girl with boyfriend celebrating Birthday.
a bear design on a cake.
A depiction of a stuffed bear, drawn in frosting on top of a cake.
An Apple monitor sets next to a Dell monitor and other computer peripherals.
The screen on the left.
A woman with a red shirt next to another woman with a green shirt sitting on a beach.
The gray haired man is wearing a red shirt and sitting in the sand.
A white aircraft.
AN AEROPLANE IS STANDING BESIDE  ANOTHER ONE.
the person in red.
A woman wearing a red striped shirt.
the legs of the baby.
The hand, shoulder, and chest of a woman.
The horse further away.
The man on the background on the left.
A man sitting on a bar stool in the background.
the orange on the far left.
The man who is holding the baby.
A man holding a baby.
A kid in a red shirt.
A boy in red making pizza.
A woman in a dark shirt and pink pants.
The elephant rider with a flower in her hair.
The cab of a truck with a dog inside.
Bus with dog driving.
A woman tennis player that is in all pink and has white and yellow tennis shoes.
a female tennis player n pink clothing.
A young child in a striped shirt holding out a cracker.
Little girl feeding giraffe.
A man in the background with his arms on the table.
the person sitting with the rolled up sleeves and beer in front of him in the right hand picture.
The orange with the most light shown on it.
Perfect looking fully shown orange.
A horse with a police saddle on.
A light brown horse standing behind the horse whose mouth is wide opened.
A clear dish with an orange fruit in it.
A man in a yellow shirt holding a black cell phone.
A boy talking on a phone.
The giraffe with his neckextended over the wooden wall.
a giraffe facing left beside another giraffe.
a chair the lady with a black jacket is sitting on.
chair the woman in the leather jacket is sitting on.
A line of railroad cars some for storage and one for passengers.
A train on tracks made up of mostly red cars.
girl enjoying skiing on the ice mountain.
A man is skate walking include green dress.
Person riding a bke in the background.
a woman with a jacket and blue jeans riding a bike near a busy street.
A black straw inside a glass.
A glass on a table with a straw in it.
A women trowing a fresbie.
A young woman wearing green shorts.
The giraffe in the middle, flanked on each side by other giraffes.
Man with his back to the camera in black jacket.
A cowboy hat-wearing woman with a colorful top holds a bottle of tequila at a table covered with cell phones and a toy gun.
woman in blue and purple shirt wearing cowboy hat.
A sofa chair with a gold ring behind it.
A light brown small coach in the room.
a goat in the back.
A stop sign above a pedestrian crossing sign.
A stop sign with a tomato on it, directly above another sign that says Pedestrian Crossing.
A white bathroom sink next to a blue sign.
a white sink basin in the center of a countertop.
a snow skier in an orange jacket.
A pair of skis behind a person in an orange coat.
A wine glass to the left of a plate of food.
a glass on tha tabule.
A deep fried snack inside of a bag.
A glazed, delicious looking, doughnut.
The close up video on the upper left.
A television near a man.
The leather chair is facing the television.
A black leather chair sitting beside a floral couch.
The burners of the stove under the pan.
left stove burners.
A yellow, white, and black surf board being held by a woman.
Yellow surfboard with white design being held upright on the beach.
a man sitting the shoppa.
A man with red T-shirt and grey shorts sitting crosslegged on a lofa in front of another man relaxing like him.
A flatbed truck in front of a FedEx truck.
A blurry vehicle in front of a FedEx truck.
The black chair with a sweater hanging over the back.
a black and metal chair with a sweater draped over the back.
A man with dreadlocks is skateboarding.
the person on skateboard with white T shirt.
brunette woman holding a shot.
A woman in a dark shirt.
A sign that says BILLSHRINK.
A sign labeled BillShrink being held by a man.
A PIECE OF PIZZA.
The pizza with sausage.
A slice of pizza, with the point pointing to the left.
a slice of pizza with olives and pepperoni.
There is a silver laptop depicted with many attached cords.
The laptop next to the cords on the table.
A woman in a pink down vest skiing.
A skier going down a small hill, wearing a pink vest and glasses.
A man and woman are standing together.
A couple in woods.
A white teddy bear with a red bow and black nose.
The bigger of the two white bears the baby is playing with.
an L shaped brown couch with a man sitting on it.
grey sofa with man sitting on it.
A triangle piece of a BLT sandwhich.
The half sandwich with the orange tipped toothpick.
A light pink umbrella to the right of another light pink umbrella.
A pink umbrella on the right.
A man swinging a baseball bat.
Man hitting the ball with striped pants on.
THE PLANE CLOSEST.
An airplane being loaded.
The seat the woman in orange is sitting on.
A brown wooden chair with a woman sitting on it.
The zebra on the left.
The backside of the zebra on the left.
A patterned arm chair in the corner of the room.
a chair facing towards the camera.
A woman ina  blue blazer.
A woman in a blue blazer.
Black flip phone.
The black flip phone.
A red truck.
A red truck racing against a white truck.
horse in back.
a semi visible man between the cars.
A vary transparent man at the middle.
A male Phillies baseball player in full uniform with a beard and a catching mitt.
A baseball player is holding a baseball mitt.
A MAN IN AN ORANGE SHIRT SKATEBOARDING.
A boy wearing orange and doing a skateboard trick.
The slice that is 2nd going counter clockwise from the emply space.
The slive of pizza closest to the watch.
A man in a blue striped shirt looking at a phone.
A man in a blue striped shirt looking at his cell phone.
tennis player that is on the left hand side of himself.
number nineteen on the white team running.
A man playing soccer in a white uniform with the number 19 on it.
pizza with lighter colored cheese.
A pizza with toppings and a very light cheese.
A kneeling person in a black top hat.
The woman in black sitting down.
A half drunk beer in a large glass.
Large beer pitcher.
man in plaid shirt riding a skateboard.
The man on the skateboard.
The lid of the plastic tray.
A lid which was covering what seems like a very healthy lunch.
A bowl of different iced donuts.
A white bowl with different kinds of donuts on a table.
The woman with the blonde hair and blue sweater sitting on the stool and facing away.
woman in blue sweater.
blue white and red skis near bottom of stack.
Electric blue ski with #404 writtin on it.
The face and snout of two dogs in the back of the pick up bed.
The lighter of the two dogs.
a crouching man wearing grey shorts, white socks, and a white t-shirt outside of a glass display case.
a man wearing  white t-shirt sitting.
Orange cat getting slapped in the face.
The orange cat on top of the other orange cat.
A old man on a wheel chair with medal on his neck.
An older man with a veteran shirt and nametag in a wheelchair with some cake.
There is many food items on the white plate.
A white plate with food that is smothered in gravy and parsley.
the black color goat in the left side of the image.
a black sheep facing another black sheep.
child under umbrella.
KID WITH UMBRELLA.
A little girl.
A child sitting on his dad's lap.
The humming bird on the left.
bird with white underbelly.
White Heron to the right of eagle or hawk.
The white bird is looking to the right while sitting down by the shores.
A MAN HIDING BACK AT WHITE AND BLACK JACKET WEARING MAN.
The man behind and to the left of the man dressed like beetle juice.
the giraffe in the middle of the photo.
A giraffe stands next to a brick building.
a man's arm with a plaid shirt and watch.
The arm of a person holding a pizza.
A back of the bus to the right of the picture.
A red double-decker bus behind a street light.
a girl in blue.
a woman standing at fruit market.
A man with dark blue t-shirt and light blue half trousers and hats on head holding a little girl.
A man wearing a fedora with a little girl sitting in his lap.
yellow color plate with slices of carrot,onion,potato in the left bottom side of the image.
A yellow oval plate with toppings on it.
The insides of a stove that is blue.
An open oven.
car.
A green sedan behind a chain link fence.
TRAVELER BAG PULLING BY A KID.
A black and gray lugagge being pulled.
the giraffe with the lower neck.
A giraffe behind a fence walking behind another giraffe.
A giraffe behind another giraffe, next to a boy.
The face of a giraffe behind the little boy.
A black laptop sitting on a wooden table with a cup next to it.
Unused blacklaptop on a table next to a cup of coffee.
man in blue jeans.
partially visible person in blue jeans.
A woman in a black and white striped shirt playing the wii with the wii wheel.
woman in striped shirt and red shorts sitting on chair with game controller.
The male skier.
A blurry fork in the background.
The out of focus fork.
A giraffe facing the viewer.
The tall giraffe looking straight ahead.
The blue train on the left.
A blue train on a track.
The young polar bear.
A polar bear close to the glass.
The skateboard in the air, under the guy.
The skateboard in mid air that the guy did a trick off of.
An older woman with a dark blue shirt on and a white shirt underneath standing next to a younger man and he is standing next to an older man. Probably his mother and father.
an old lady in a blue shirt.
Young baseball player reaching out to catch ball.
A boy in blue and white baseball uniform throwing a ball.
A meter which is on the left side of other meter.
A frozen over black parking meter next to another.
Sleeping baby with white shirt and polka dot tie,.
A little baby boy with a polkadotted tie and a white shirt with black buttons falling asleep.
Half of a sandwich sits on the right side of the plate.
The sandwich slice next to the ketchup packet.
The second white cup from the left.
The white cup in the back on the left.
A red and blue umbrella.
People and a stand under a red and blue umbrella.
The larger portion of pizza.
The whole pizza except the slice that is pepperoni and olive.
A small child in a pink shirt.
a girl in a pink shirt.
Lone zebra in the middle of the picture, near the bottom.
a lone zebra.
A yellow van with a face painted on the front.
A gold bus next to a blue bus.
A knife that has a white handle laying next to a fork and spoon.
knife with white handle.
Man in baseball uniform swinging at ball.
guy number 22, just his body, not extra bat.
A man in a blue suit with red and purple patches.
Person in mostly blue ski outfit.
A black rolling suitcase pulled by a woman in a pink jacket.
Black color trolley bag standing on its wheel, holded by a lady.
A young man standing on a beach in cut off shorts holding up a surfboard.
the man standing in beach.
A baseball player in a red jersey getting ready to tag an opposing player.
the player in red.
Boat nearest man on dock.
The boat with the person standing in front of it.
The white kitchen drawers with pulls, next to the towels.
A white set of drawers in a kitchen.
The back leg to the player on the right.
back legs of player on the far right.
a short haired woman in blue t-shirt and jeans.
A short haired woman wearing a blue t shirt and faded blue jeans.
The leather chair.
A boy in a red shorts standing behind a surfboard.
boy on right red shorts.
A woman holding a microphone and singing.
A woman's image on a smartphone, with the caption underneath her of Becky McGray.
A man in white shorts, obscured by the surfboard he carries.
Feet wearing sandals.
large chocolate cake.
a chocolate cake.
Pizza sticking out of back window.
pepperoni pizza out the back window.
A laptop inbetween the other two laptops, is kept wide open.
A laptop with its screen tilted back the most.
The fully-opened black laptop.
the laptop at the top left.
A cup of red colored soup.
A big bowl of vegetable soup on a table in front of a lady who is eating soup from her bowl.
the plate of goodies next to the cake.
A plate full of icing cake pieces topped with cherries.
a black car where three persons are standing near it.
The car that the woman in purple is standing in front of.
A half eaten meaty pizza.
a truck standing in the workshop.
large blue dump truck with white grill.
A person in a white shirt and gray pants catching a blue frisbee.
The child jumping up to catch a frisbee. He is wearing a white shirt.
The blue chair furthest from the man.
The chair far from the standing man.
the bear whose mouth is closed.
bear on right.
Beer in front of sandwich.
A glass of beer sitting on a table next to a plate with a sandwich.
THe bannana piece bottom right.
A half of a banana being held on a fork.
player in red cap holds ball in one hand and wears mitt on the other.
A man wearing a red number 48 jersey.
The tall man.
A man wearing a black belt.
Giraffe holding head highest.
giraffe talking with anothergiraffe.
A black and white cow is looking straight ahead at the camera.
A cow with its head up in the air.
A child being held.
a child with parents.
green boat.
Green hulled boat with a white and yellow cabin.
a giraffe looking at the camera in front of a tree.
A young giraffe standing in a field.
person in red and white uniform playing catcher.
the player in white dress.
silver tail of plain with black R inside of a black circle on it.
tail with R on it.
A child in a black sweater.
A little boy wearing a black jacket.
A man in a red jacket and black pants holding a snowboard.
A person in red jacket and black pant standing next to a snowboard.
The clock that is shown in color.
A distorted clock face.
a dark brown calf in front of a brown cow.
black baby cow.
A bunch of broccoli under a slice of tomato.
some green broccoli in a salad on a blue plate.
The kitty on the left side of the picture.
The left half of a cat's face, close up to the camera. The cat is out of focus in the square, but not the mirror.
A man in a white shirt, steering a boat.
A man wearing a white shirt and glasses.
A man sitting next to a pole with a black coat on.
A man with black hair sitting down.
A boat with writings COM LE on the side.
This ship labeled COM LE.
The face of a man in the background watching a woman looking at her cell phone.
the man in the right hand picture.
A dark brown chair behind the sleeping cat.
A dark brown chair.
A zebra foal.
Baby zerbra standing next to it's mother.
The giraffe in the back not being bed.
Fried cauliflower in a plate.
the piece of brown food with a white stem, 3rd piece to the left of the salad in the right hand picture.
Five pieces of pizza with tomato and pineapple on them.
a boy in blue and black dress playing football.
A boy wearing purple t shirt and yellow shoe.
The giraffe running in front of the other two.
A giraffe that is on the bottom of the picture.
front of chair.
The wooden chair pushed under the table with the flowers.
the large brown bear on the left.
A large brown teddy bear on a counter.
an elephant trunk which is directed towards a small girl.
AN ELEPHANT EATING SOMETHING & A WOMAN WEARING ZOO UNIFORM IS WATCHING THIS.
A boy in a red shirt swinging a bat.
A young person in a red shirt practicing batting.
The rider in the front.
A black cowboy riding a horse.
man near the pizza cutter.
A woman in a green shirt wearing a scarf sitting behind a pizza.
A blue vehicle with a brown horse next to it.
A vehicle next to a horse.
a girl with long blonde hair wearing a pink dress.
A little girl waiting to blow out her birthday candles.
A girl wearing a pink shirt and skirt.
A smiling girl in a pink skirt.
The reflection of a young woman in a green sweater in a mirror.
A lady's reflection in the mirror.
An empty chair directly to the left of the leftmost of two cats and behind a second empty chair that is closer to the foreground.
A baby with a toothbrush.
Baby with blue eyes in bathtub holding a tooth brush.
The chair alone on the left.
end chair.
the taller giraffe.
A giraffe stands over a smaller giraffe.
The tallest giraffe in the picture.
A white with black spotted cake is being cut.
the black spotted white hat.
A parking meter that say :49 minutes left.
Parking meter with number 49 on display.
A man wearing a black shirt.
A man in a black shirt and shoes playing a video game.
a giraffe walking towards the right side of the picture.
The giraffte that appears to be shorter.
The two giraffes appear to have their necks crossed.
A giraffe with another giraffe behind it.
BOY RIDING SKATEBOARD BENDING OVER.
A GIRL SKATING FORWARD HAVING HELMET LOOKING STRAIGHT AND BEND.
Small 3 wheeled blue truck with small bed.
The blue three wheeled vehicle.
A white chair being sat in by a man.
A white chair being sat in by a man.
Black computer chair with a cat on top of it.
Black leather chair where man is sitting and cat is laying.
The left side of a side by side double oven with a double range on top.
whole row of motorcycles.
A line of motorcycles of all different brands and colors.
the back end of a zebra to the right of 3 zebras.
The zebra standing in the right side placed the tail in the left direction.
The skateboard in mid trick.
the skateboard the man is on.
The back of a grey sofa couch with arm rests.
A white couch facing a window.
A woman with a white t-shirt behind a fence.
A woman behind the fence, you can't see her head, she's wearing a white blouse, blue jeans and sandals.
The only slice of pizza that is cut out.
the cut-piece of the pizza in the front.
A white color chair.
The brown horse on right.
horse to the right.
The zebra in the foreground that is grazing.
A zebra with its head bent down to the grass.
a boat with its orange sail in the boat.
Boat with orange sail with houses and lake in background.
A man wearing a yellow shirt and orange cap.
The man in the yellow shirt and orange hat.
Lady wearing white playing wii fit.
person stretching.
3 zebra on right.
Zebra second from rear.
The woman who is in the dark tank-top.
Girl holding wii remotes reenacting archery.
A LITTLE GIRL IN A RED JACKET HUGGING A POLE.
A girl in red jacket hugging the pole.
A gray chair that is not being sat in.
The grey color single seater sofa infront of the boy with laptop.
Women with glasses reading a book.
woman with short hair cut and wearing glasses reading a book.
Gray and black bird eating an apple in the tree.
A bird holding an apple.
A skateboarding boy with his hand raised while flying through the air.
a boy in a black shirt doing a ollie kick flip.
a giraffe standing tall.
A giraffe looking from afar at another being petted by a human.
A man named Henderson in a U.S. army uniform cutting a cake celebrating an Army birthday.
A soldier with name tag Henderson helps cut a cake.
a boy in blue.
A boy with glasses and a blue and black striped shirt is holding a tennis racket.
the cup of coffee closest to the flower.
tea cup next to flower.
An Asian man in a black t-shirt holding a paddle sitting in a small brown boat.
man paddling a canoe.
A CUP OF COFFEE.
Cup Tea waiting at the Beach.
A man in a red shirt standing next to another man playing a video game.
A man in a red shirt playing a video game.
A granite counter top sitting underneath a bowl of strawberries.
the table the strawberries are on.
half a sandwich next to mashed potatoes.
A mean sandwich on white bread next to mashed potatoes and gravy on a red plate.
woman on left.
A black woman in a sleeveless dress affixes cards to a stack of stuffed animals.
A dark brown horse that is all the way to the left of three other horses.
The horse to the left of the american flag.
tennis racket being held by a man in a white shirt with blue stripes.
racket on right.
A smiling young woman with long hair and glasses.
A woman wearing glasses and a blue sweater.
sandwich behind the other sandwich.
Sandwich hidden behind another sandwich.
A delicious plate of vegatables.
A GLOSSY MARBLE TOP TABLE.
a baby eating cake.
A child eating.
the back of a red vehicle parked in front of the flag pole.
A red truck with yellow writing on it.
A flower pot and plant next to a bench and to the right of the man sitting on the bench.
A girl standing alone.
A MAN WORKING IN KITCHEN.
Bird facing camera.
The bird looking over at the other bird.
The pizza on the man's arm, not in his hands.
A laptop screen.
the laptop computer in the foreground.
A man standing by a rail while looking behind him.
a man wearing a black shirt and camouflage pants.
a white toilet.
The white toilet.
the chair with nothing on it.
empty chair in the left side of the image.
A black and silver open laptop sitting on a desk between a computer monitor and another laptop.
blacker laptop.
back of TV.
A television on a stand.
A man with a pillow on his face.
man with pillow.
a black umbrella.
A child holding a black umbrella.
Three horses racing down the track at a derby.
The middle of three racehorses, with its front legs in midair as it runs.
Police officer on the phone wearing a orange and yellow vest.
A policeman talking on a cell phone.
A black and white cat licks its paw.
The cat that isn't completely in the bed.
A pile of oranges behind and to the right of the man in the picture.
oranges behind and to the right of the man standing.
a little boy in uniform playing baseball.
The player with his back to the camera.
A still life zebra which is a part of a museum exhibit.
The zebra closest to the giraffe.
There is hand with food grains.
The hand and arm wearing the metal watch, holding food for the giraffe to eat.
A black chair that a man is sitting on.
The chair the man is sitting in.
a boy and a yellow jersey sitting in a dugout.
boy in yellow shirt sitting in dugout.
A yellow colored dog sitting on the ground with someones hand in front of it.
Golden retriever on a leash hooked to park bench with a small child reaching to pet.
girl with pizza in hand standing with another girl.
A young woman holding a board with four small pizzas on it, standing next to another woman.
A woman sitting at an outdoor cafe eating pizza.
woman eating.
Man and hand on fence.
A man leaning on a fence to feed a cow.
The last zebra in line.
The zebra by itself to the left of the other two zebras.
boy looking at a cow.
A child looking at a cow.
The black binder that's on the floor.
a made bed with pink flip flops on it.
A first Bed with pink colour sandals.
player closest to net in stance.
A GIRL PLAYING THE TENNIES GAME WITH FRIENDS.
A wine bottle with a green band around the neck.
A green bottle of wine.
this woman just hit the tennis ball.
dessert with cherry on top.
table with 3 glasses of water and a desert on it.
A table full of food.
The rectangular plate and the food on it.
A stuffed animal with a red bow being held by a baby.
A baby lamb.
A baby white sheep.
A van next to a green and red potato truck.
The side of a bus beside another bus with POTATOES written on the front.
A brown and white boat with a man standing next to it.
A ship in the background next to a man on the dock.
the skier wearing black.
A person wearing black ski gear riding a t-bar lift.
A fridge with lots of magnets on it.
White fridge with lots of magnets and pictures on the front.
The face and neck of a giraffe.
A giraffe's face.
A giraffe standing just to the left of two other giraffes.
Darker colored Giraffe looking at the camera with their ear pointing out.
bowl on bottom of picture.
A bowl on the table similar to the bowl in front of the woman.
A man with a long beard wearing no shirt and a pink bandana.
A man with no shirt and a big beard.
a male with a mohawk wearing a white shirt with black tie.
The man with straight hair and bangs that fall forward.
hind end of long tailed Zebra.
zebra on right.
A man holding a dog.
The service man holding the little dog, who is looking at the kangaroo.
A man holding bananas.
The guy with blue shirt and holding two bananas in each hand.
A brown cow facing a black cow.
brown cow standing in dirt.
zebra standing closest to short border wall.
A zebra standing in seclusion to other zebras.
A woman riding on the back of a motorcycle.
girl on back.
A bit of broccoli sits beside some radishes at the front of the container.
A small amount of parts of broccoli flowerettes in the extreme bottom of the picture.
near zebra.
zebra was eating grass.
a black bike's seat on the left.
The black color snow board in the hands of a man with blue dress.
A snowboard that says Burton.
pizza.
A white woman and the white child under the umbrella in the street.
the woman and child under the umbrella.
The left bus is grey and yellow.
the boat and the bridge behind the first boat from the front.
White chair between two other white chairs on an establishment's patio.
a white chair in between tow other same chairs.
The food with the pepperoni on it.
A square pepperoni pizza.
Woman behind the tennis player.
A person in the background.
A tall giraffe.
A MOTHER GIRAFFE WITH HER KID.
Oranges in a fruit basket.
Six clementines.
A boy in striped pants plays the wii.
A person wearing a white shirt, and black/red pants holding a wii controller.
short giraffe.
shorter giraffe.
A girl in pink rain coat with flowers and chicks holding a umbrella that matches the pattern on her jacket.
A child in a red raincoat with birds and flowers on it.
The half of a sandwich farther away.
The half of the sandwich closest to the cabinet in back.
The carrot farthest to the right partly underneath the fennel.
A group of carrots with a small white section of the object next to it.
the whole cake.
A big almost round cake.
A green and white taxi cab with a Hooters advertisement placed on the hood.
A taxi cab that has a Hooters advertisement on the roof.
A grey haired women with a purple flower on her neck next to a women with glasses on her head.
Woman wearing tan shirt.
red and white dumptruck.
A dump truck with a red dump in the back.
the back half of a black horse jumping.
The back of a horse doing a jump.
The beach chair the man is sitting on.
Chair the man wearing a black shirt is sitting on.
car parked near the house.
The gray car in the background behind the people.
The whie egg holder on the white plate with water in it.
White cup with red pepper.
A man with glasses smiling while wearing skis and holding ski poles.
the man in the far right picture.
A white cow with the number 610 displayed around its neck.
A white cow with the numbers 610 on its collar being led by a woman wearing a white coat.
A boy in a light-colored jacket flips his skateboard while in the air.
A man on a skateboard in the midst of a jump trick under the bridge with his friends.
A cow in the background.
A bull behind a cow.
A woman in a brown vest and striped tie.
the woman wearing the brown button up vest and pants.
Empty yellow bus in a parking lot.
A yellow color bus on a road.
the motorcycle in the forefront in the right hand picture.
The closest mtorcycle.
Red glazed donut sitting on the top left of a box.
Chocolate glazed donut.
A woman with grey hair wearing a red shirt cuts a cake with a man.
Couple both wearing read shirts slicing a cake.
The boy in the orange jacket.
The kid batting in the orange jacket.
blurry popsicle stick.
The popsicle stick with blurry writing on it.
the boy on the red team.
A little boy in a red jersey playing soccer.
The man wearing glasses and holding the white donut.
A man in glasses and a white shirt, holding a white donut.
The white truck in front of the other white truck.
A white microwave oven.
A small white oven with yellowed knobs.
a young boy in a white tshirt smiling as he eats.
A boy holds up a spoonful of dessert.
An empty wooden chair with black leather padding.
An empty black chair in front of a wooden table covered with many kinds of Asian food.
Man in orange shirt.
a man wearing a red shirt.
the dump truck.
A dump truck.
green pamphlet on bed.
top left portion of bed and pillow.
a man in a plaid short sleeved shirt.
a person wearing a blue and white checked shirt.
broccoli stalk that is pointing up and is touching a sliced carrot.
A transparent plate on which a fork is placed.
A clear lid with a fork on top of it.
green chair behind the man.
A black single seater sofa behind standing man.
a dark wooden bed whith a white and beige checkered comforter in a white-walled room.
An empty made bed.
a bowl of sesame.
A white bowl decorated with flowers containing sesame seeds.
Laptop facing person with hand on keyboard.
The laptop with a hand touching it.
A bicycle that is holding a man with a white surfboard.
The bicycle of the man with the white surfboard.
A bowl containing an orange and a small gourd.
A bowl containing an orange and some fruit.
A cut piece of Bananaplaced on the left corner of the apple.
A small banana piece on table towards left side of the image.
The car parked in front of others three.
The first black car closest to theboy.
A man with a black shirt and glasses.
a man in black shirt.
A man in a Yankees cap.
the man with black cap.
a baseball batter getting ready to hit the pitch.
A batter with a red helmet at the home plate.
A sofa in front of chair.
The couch opposite the individual chairs.
The elephant standing on the tool at left.
An elephant on the left side is propping itself up against another.
An old songbook called The Hundred and One Best Songs.
white boat with motor lifted out of water.
A white boat that has two engines on the back.
A woman brushing the teeth of a child.
The woman in the blue and white striped shirt.
A white semi truck cab behind a black car.
A tractor trailer cab driving to the right.
A black bag sitting on a bench.
There is bag beside the banana eating boy.
A man dressed in a black leather jacket and denim pants is standing while looking downward.
The man wearing the black leather jacket and blue jeans.
A batter bending down.
A baseball player holding two bats picking something up off the ground.
A red double decker tour bus driving around the city.
The Number 9 red bus turning right while in both lanes of the street.
A girl is leaning and sitting on some luggage with her eyes closed.
girl child with white jacket in the front side.
a brown furry horse with his head in the window.
Brown horse with white mark above its nose.
A child holding a tennis racket.
the little girl.
There is fork just beside the plate.
the fork that's mostly visible on the left.
woman playing tennis in the right hand picture.
A left side tennis player.
person in white with their hands behind their back.
a man in a white turban and long sleeved button down shirt.
A cow with an eartag eats grass from a man's hand.
A cow eating leaves that a person is handing it.
The sofa behind the table near a dressing table.
A pair of orange-handled scissors.
A pair of scissors with orange handles.
The motorcycle the girl in the white helmet is one.
A BLACK COLOR SCOOTER DRIVE BY A LADY.
Girl in purple.
The little girl that is on the left wearing purple.
A chef wearing a black apron.
A man in a white and black striped apron.
The man still sitting on the bike.
The rider that is still fully on his motorcycle.
red apple with stem standing up and missing one slice.
A piece of an apple with the stem on it.
The vehicle parked in front of the other vehicles.
The bus that has a name board "sand bay".
the person doing the touching.
a snowboarder with their hand held out.
The leftmost bowl of soup.
The bowl of soup on the left.
The uneaten half of the pizza on the big pizza pan.
A half of a pizza with mushrooms and green peppers.
a white and blue train.
The other train behind the front of the green one.
The piece of broccoli in the front.
the second bus in line.
A bus taht is in between two other ones, that says M101 on the top.
A young child sitting on a couch with a blue shirt holding a wii remote.
A boy wearing socks and a blue and white striped shirt.
A white refrigerator.
There is a white refrigerator in the kitchen.
Boy with blue shorts on elephant.
The man in blue shorts riding an elephant.
The left parking meter of the two that are there on a pole.
A parking metor alongside a man.
Man in a black jacket.
Person in black coat carrying white bags.
A girl wearing sunglasses and bracelets talking on a cellphone.
girl in a black leather jacket on the phone.
A white paper bowl filled with red beans and rice on a black tray.
A food with cheese on top.
A dark calf with head suckling from its mother's udder.
A dark brown calf suckling it's mother cow.
Man standing up opening a bottle of wine.
An older man opening a bottle of wine.\.
The horse without white markings.
Dark brown horse.
A man's bent legs.
The man playing catcher.
Baseball catcher.
fresh banana.
bananas in a fruit display.
The oranges over the man's right shoulder.
There are two polar bears together.
2 pandas posing for a picture.
woman eatting.
Woman being fed.
The brown bench over the baby's left shoulder.
Leather booth on far right.
A person in a black jacket and hat.
a women was standing.
The giraffe on the fat left.
A giraffe with only its head and part of its neck visible.
A GIRLS LEG.
The ladies leg to the left.
WOMAN WITH POLKA DOT SHIRT.
a woman with a wine cooler.
The goalie wearing an orange and black shirt.
a  male soccer goalkeeper wearing an orange jersey in front of a player ready to score.
A big brown bear settles down for a nap in his den.
A brown bear on the left.
The finished blue kite bordered in purple.
A small purple and blue kite.
A zebra in front of another zebra.
a zibra eating a tail.
a man wearing a red tshirt holding a yellow frisbee.
An image of a man making a difficult frisbee catch.
A piece of broccoli on the right side of the bowl.
A tan cat on all fours with its head in a yellow container.
A tan, shorthaired cat with his head in a yellow cup.
The umbrella worn by someone behind and above the boy.
Umbrella on a woman's head.
The planter to the left of the fire hydrant.
a planter with white blue and purple flowers, that looks lower than the other one.
BOY ON LEFT.
a boy laying in the bed.
A blue fighter plane with the number 5 on the wing.
A blue and yellow plane with a 5 on it.
Bus 3901.
The bus on the left is parked by the curb.
a golden teddy bear held by a child.
a golden colored teddy bear being held by a girl.
boy with white shorts.
A young man in a blue shirt holding a wii controller.
A white horse walking behind two other brown horses.
The white horse on the left/.
dog lying in the left side of the image.
a bear laying on its back.
Man in hoodie.
a man wearing blue jeans, a black hoodie, a black beanie under the hood and glasses.
A faucet sits above the sink in the forground.
the faucet on the left sink.
The larger monitor on the wall.
The top monitor displays the time.
The burger on the left.
A hamburger with lettuce next to another hamburger and fries.
There is a wooden bench pictured.
brown bench.
The black front end of a train with the number 110 on it.
The black engine of the train.
The chocolate cake next to the 'July' sign.
A cutting chocolate cake kept in a plate with fork and also kept on the table.
A person in a white shirt with a red bicycle logo, cleaning a large hunk of meat in a sink.
The person in the white shirt with the red bike rider logo.
an uneaten pizza with cheese and a few olives behind a glass.
A pizza with a few black olives is sitting on the table next to a book.
A man in a blue shirt sitting on the couch watching an elderly man play a video game.
A man sitting on the couch wearing a blue shirt.
The tennis player on the court.
woman hitting a tennis ball with racket.
A man in a baseball uniform with a brace on his left ankle swinging a bat.
A man swinging a bat.
orange truck carrying people.
The truck with the yellow bed.
A white pelican on a bench.
A pelican is sitting beside a woman on a wooden bench.
A man with a black shit paddling a boat.
A man wearing black rowing a boat.
Baseball player interacting with NY Mets mascot.
A woman wearing a Mets jersey standing next to the mascot.
the middle giraffe.
A man in a photograph.
A man in dark suit pictured in an old photograph.
the zebra with the bowed neck.
A zebra between two other zebras.
the blurry arm and leg of a person.
The person in grey.
man in glasses.
The man in the red shirt behind the kid on base.
A group of six oranges on a wooden table surrounded by several other fruits and vegetables.
stack of oranges.
A young boy on base during a baseball game wearing a helmet and uniform.
The base ball player waiting for running behind another player.
a man jumping on his skateboard wearing a yellow tshirt and dark colored shorts.
the left image of a boy doing a skateboard stunts.
number 100 bus.
a blue bus.
Bench with a man in a hat sitting in it.
A black and white semi-long haired cat sleeping on a couch.
white and black cat.
A man in khaki pants riding a skateboard.
A guy on a skateboard closest to the camera.
A giraffe immediately in front of a large pile of rocks.
The big graffe next to the ricks.
A bald man in a suit with a blue tie.
man in a suit with a white rose corsage.
A white baseball player holding a bat over his left shoulder.
A baseball player smiling holding a bat.
A woman in a blue shirt looking at something.
A woman wearing a blue shirt and white pants.
COUPLE CELEBERATINR THEIR WEDDING DAY.
A man in a suit.
A giraffe holding its head over another giraffe.
The closest giraffe, facing the left.
Black and white dog closest to the person.
A black and white dog running beside a woman wearing a red jacket.
a man in a leather jacket.
A man with a grey goatee wearing glasses and holding a sandwich.
a hot dog with a red pepper.
snacks.
older fat man.
old fat man.
the plane facing the left.
plane with United written on it.
a table in front of three babies.
A brown table surrounded by kids in high chairs.
Suitcase next to one cat is on.
A chair along side another chair with a cat on.
A man in a green shirt brushing his teeth.
A man in green shirt brushing his teeth.
Giraffe in forefront facing the baby giraffe.
The giraffe standing before its young looking out while it feeds.
The double decker bus with 'X50' on the front.
blue double decker bus number X50.
The chair with the curtain behind it.
A brown chair to the right of a round table.
The skis of the man in the red jacket.
long red skis on snow.
the skiies of the italian skiier in the blue outfit.
black and yellow skis on the feet of a person in blue.
A man looking at a group of men with his cutlery crossed in his hands.
the man on the right in the right hand picture.
The blurred spectator wearing white in the stands area that is visible to the right of her ponytail.
The white blur in the upper right corner.
skier in solid black coat.
A man in a black jacket skiing.
IN A WHITE BOWL ROTI AND YELLOW CREAM IS KEPT.
The food dish that is to the right of the dish of fruit.
table to the back being used.
A table with various items, and people sitting behind it.
a small brown furry cub leaning against a tree.
the baby bear next to the tree.
a man with a white hat on.
A man with a white shirt, black shorts, white and black tenis shoes, and white hat playing teenis.
part of the black luggage.
A man and women in wedding attire smiling and holding a knife.
Bride in a white dress and white necklace who is smiling holding a knife.
meter to far left.
The parking meter on the left.
A woman with a green hat is walking a dog.
a woman in a black snow suit  walking with her dog.
car with three dogs inside.
a car full of dogs.
A fuzzy SUV going down the road with a sign on it's back end.
A black SUV moving away from the road with a blue sign on the back.
The man directly below the light.
man with receeding hairline looking at a menus.
lady sitting down.
Woman with a green shirt and long hair looking over a dog.
A man in a white shirt checking his cell phone.
African American male in white shirt using cell phone.
A zebra on the right.
A zebra to the right of another zebra.
the double sink that is next to the person on phone.
A ceramic wash basin to the left side of another, similar wash basin.
The closest wine glass.
An out of focus man carrying luggage.
A man in a brown jacket walking down a ramp.
Girl with long curly hair on the Pros: poster.
A woman on a billboard.
A boy wearing red shirt is surfing with three other peoples on the same surfing board.
A man wearing glasses and a red shirt on a surfboard.
horse carrying the woman with the number 2 on her shirt.
a brown horse being ridden by a person in a yellow coat.
The chair facing towards the tube.
the second bench from the front.
a black motorcycle with a chrome exhaust pipe.
The motorcycle that is the secondone in from the bottom.
The pizza with spinach and tomatoes.
A pizza with fresh mozzarella and halved cherry tomatoes.
A man wearing a catcher's mitt and helmet.
A catcher with his glove extended to await the pitch.
the player in the yellow uniform.
A baseball player in a yellow shirt and white pants running to first base while the player in the blue shirt is trying to catch the ball.
A toasted slice of  sandwich on the right  on a white plate beside a cup of coffee.
The right half of the sandwich in front, next to te coffee cup.
A snowboarder wearing a blue jacket.
seated snowboarder wearing a blue jacket.
Pale yellowish train next to white train.
A man stands in the background with a black checkered had on in a tan leather coat.
The person with the brown jacket and the checkered hat.
The red part of the scooter or bike.
red scooty.
A train with a yellow boxcar.
A cargo train with one yellow cargo box.
Thin black and silver knife sitting on a brown place mat.
Knife with a black handle.
the table with the flowers on it.
the table where flower vase is kept.
A wooden chair the toddler is standing on.
Wood chair the child is standing on.
a yellow banana between a bowl of nectarines and several more bananas.
A half sandwich,partially covered in fries, lying on the left side of a plate.
sandwich left of the french fries.
The walking baseball player wearing the green cap.
A little league player wearing a greet hat.
A surfboard going into the water.
The slanting surf board.
a giraffe to the right of three other giraffes.
the backmost zebra.
the third zebra from the front.
man in sunglasses walking with friend.
A man wearing light colored clothing, dark shoes, and sunglasses.
a baseball umpire between two players.
umpire.
An elephant leading way with a huge head and trunk.
The elephant furthest to the left.
A old lady being hugged by a old man.
The woman leaning against the man.
skier in white.
The human in the grey, blue and white ski suit.
man in tank top.
The guy sitting down.
A computer monitor with a similar monitor immediately to its left.
Right monitor.
Bowl of soup on the right top of the picture.
bowl of soup on back right.
Bottom left apple on the photo.
A small stack of round crackers in a plastic container.
The crackers that are in a container with the pasta.
A white couch with two tan pillows and one blue pillow on it.
the couch next to the woman on the far left.
The black door that is opened to access the fire.
A black lid of a oven.
A teddy bear.
A multi colored teddy bear cake topper.
A piece of cake with a slice missing.
A large cake with a slice missing.
older woman wearing dark blue sweater.
A woman in a blue shirt is pointing to a craft project a girl is doing.
A half of sandwich with a red toothpick in it.
The sandwich half in the front.
A pizza on the left near the silver cylinder.
left pizza.
Glass in front of the Pinot bottle.
glass in front of Pinot Blanco bottle.
dark colored umbrella.
THe inside of an umbrella held by a woman with flowers on her white dress.
The blond haired woman.
The woman with the blonde hair.
The girl with the white turtleneck and light pants.
Blonde girl in a white, long sleeved shirt.
a coutch with a green plant in front.
An olive green couch with two flower patterned pillows.
sandles on left.
A pair of feet with sandals on them.
A wine of glass that is next to the hand holding a fork.
A glass of wine next to a knife on a napkin.
A HAND RESTING ON A BLACK TABLE.
A person hand on a table.
A giraffe rests its head against a tree.
A wooden bench to the right of another wooden bench.
A mini, black laptop with the screen on.
Small black laptop on desk.
A baby giraffe next to a larger giraffe.
A baby giraffe touching faces with a bigger giraffe.
A bowl of red jello, with bananas.
Red round circles of fruit in a glass bowl.
A baby zebra grazing in a grassy field next to its mother.
a baby zebra eating grass with mother zebra.
A woman's hand.
A person with a red and black skateboard between their legs.
boy with blue jeans holding a skateboard.
the giraffe on the far left behind the fence.
A smiling woman, dressed in a purple shirt.
A GIRL SMILLING THE FACE WITH PURPLE COLOR DRESS  FRONT IN THE BOTTLE  WITH HER FRIENDS.
Looks like a college freshman enjoying her new refrigerator stocked with soda.
A girl with green headband and blue jeans with her eyes closed.
blue chair closest to the fridge.
A man in a black shirt holding a yellow bat.
A man in a black thirty is up to bat.
A bowl of melted rice with a spoon and chopsticks in it.
The tallest in a row of live plants in the background.
girl in jeans and a pony tail helps with the sign.
A woman in blue next to a truck.
A baby wearing a pink dress and sitting on a table.
A little girl sitting on the table.
Baseball player wearing an jersey that has the number 8.
A player swinging a bat.
man sitting on couch touching his mouth.
a man sitting on a couch with his hand to his face.
A brown and tan couch with brown pillows and no one on it.
The girl wearing a shirt with a puppy on it holding a purple umbrella.
The girl with the umbrella.
A WASHBASIN IN THE FIRST PLACE WITH TWO MORE.
White sink in corner of restroom.
A silver and black laptop with a Dell logo.
The laptop in the middle with a grey keypad.
Round multifruit dessert.
A desert topped with fruit and powdered sugar.
A woman with both hands on her hips.
A lady whose two hands on her hip.
the man wearing white half sitting on the counter.
A man with a hand on his hip and his left leg propped on a table in a room full of bananas.
The tablet screen that's on the person's lap.
A tablet sitting on someone's lap.
Light colored cushion a man is sitting in partially obscured by a laptop.
A yellow seat with someone in blue jeans sitting on it.
A kid watching a giraffe at the zoo.
A toddler girl looks behind her at the giraffe.
The hot dog closest to the camera.
bunch of unripened green bananas.
The bunch of green bananas in the foreground on the tree. It's near to some dried, brown leaves.
a woman hand in kinf.
A young girl wearing a black and white holding a knife.
A woman with a black ponytail wearing a pink shirt sitting and looking at her phone.
A gir in a white shirt sitting outside on a railing looking at her cell phone.
The young boy who has a man's hand on his back.
the boy in dark shorts that has another boy in red shorts touching him.
The bottle with black sauce.
A bottle holding liquid.
a crispy tomato sandwich with salad on a plate.
A plate with a pesto, mozzarella, and tomato sandwich on toasted bread sitting next to a salad.
the front person sitting near the red umbrella in the right hand picture.
the woman on the right near the red umbrella in the right hand picture.
A red double decker bus.
Red double decker bus.
A young person wearing a red jersey swings at a baseball.
A child with a blue helmet swings at a baseball on a field.
A white chair to the left of a baby in a high chair.
Chair to the left of high chair.
a figure of a woman dressed in black crossing a city street.
A tall thin person and their shadow on their way to cross the street.
sheep standing against the butt of another sheep.
White lamb behind lamb with green paint on its back.
A white surfing board.
Surfboard carried by taller man.
Orange juice in a glass cup.
A glass of orange juice.
A white police motercycle.
Skier on left checking something in their pocket.
The man without skis on.
A purple fabric near a cat.
The purple blue and light blue table by the cat.
A woman wearing a brown sweater and scarf sitting to the right of a woman texting.
Woman wearing a scarf.
The farthest monitor on the right.
The monitor that is turned off to the far right.
The underside of the black, white and red snowboard.
The snowboard suspended in the air.
A woman in a grey shirt and blue jeans uses a phone.
A girl in blue jeans holding an electronic with ear buds in her ears.
Woman in jeans and sweater sitting behind man and dog.
The woman.
the chair behind of the boy.
A boy wearing a black shirt standing on the top of a ramp.
The boy in back.
the taller giraffe.
2 zebras.
2 balls on a plate.
fried balls on a white plate.
A skier in a red, white, and blue ski suit.
A man with red ski pants and black ski boots standing in skis.
The black umbrella that the woman in yellow is holding.
The umbrella over the lady in the yellow dress.
Half of a sandwich in back of another half.
A teddy bear standing at the window with a sweater on and his arm around the stuffed animal next to him.
A teddy bear wearing a white sweater with hearts on it.
A chair that's pulled out from the table.
a chair sitting up against a blue curtain.
The donut in the bag.
The donut that is in the bag.
the baseball hitter in the right hand picture.
a baseball player holding a bat in the batter's box.
The person wearing white.
A woman wearing a white shirt.
A car to the left of another car.
A tan car by a blue box.
This is a very long and green park bench.
row of benches.
surfer on the far left.
The shortest surfer with the red board.
A young man in a red and black plaid shirt stares straight ahead.
The underside of a colorful snowboard.
skiting board in race.
A long white boat with some damage to its side sits waiting at the dock.
a white coloured ship is standing in the water.
girl holding umbrella.
A woman in a blue shirt holding an umbrella.
A cross light that is lit up to say do not cross.
A pedestrian do not walk symbol of a red standing man.
woman.
A laughing lady who wears a green shawl around her neck and holds a bag.
The blonde woman on the right.
Woman with blonde hair and a green shirt.
a pizza in the background, out of focus.
a sheep grazing near a  spiny bush.
A grazing sheep closest to the tall dark green grass.
A zebra's head.
the zebra in the front.
the highest of stacks of carrots.
The tallest tree of carrots.
A red chair with a white towel draped over it.
A dark tan easy chair with a beige towel covering the back-rest.
The tie on the man standing far left.
a black tie on a dude not wearing glasses.
Girl in red shirt on top bunk bed staring into camera.
A person in a red shirt.
A larger elephant and a smaller elephant standing near a man wearing a blue shirt.
The adult elephant.
A young woman in winter gear wearing skis on a hill.
a young man in beige pants and black heavy coat on skis.
A man with a black shirt, lifting a box.
woman in black shirt.
the woman with a black top and blue jeans.
A woman holding a tennis racket in the right image.
the player on the right.
xmallest giraffe.
A woman walking a dog.
a woman holding a white bag in black outfit with brown shoes.
A man in a suit in front of a cake.
A man in a suit cutting a cake.
a plate with pineapple on top.
A white bowl underneath a fresh pineapple.
An apple behind another apple to the right of some bananas.
the apple in the back in the right hand picture.
The portrait with the picture of a hand on it.
book in the right side with a hand.
a beige chair facing a fireplace.
A tan arm chair.
The pink donut with a bite.
The partially bitten pink donut.
A bunch of apples in a sack.
a bag of green apples.
keyboard lying flat on table.
The keyboard on the desk.
The zebra whose hind end is facing the camera. It is to the left of the zebra that is foreground that is grazing.
The zebra in the background that has its tail pointing at the camera.
A darker brown suit case in front of two light brown suit cases with it's latches visible.
The brown luggage to the right.
The brown dog in lying in front of the black dog.
tan cow without white on tale.
Woman in black dress with an umbrella.
The woman with the black coat is carrying an umbrella.
Baseball player with the number 3 on his uniform.
Man in white baseball outfit up to bat.
Sliced carrots are in a small bowl next to a large plate.
Two blue umbrellas on the beach.
front umbrella.
The table is covered with dishes.
table on which a man with black dress resting his hand.
Man in yellow parka with black backpack on skis.
a man wearing yellow.
the center piece of a bread sandwich is above another sandwich.
A green, red, and blue beach umbrella.
A red, green and blue table umbrella.
A WOMAN WEARING BROWN COAT WHILE RIDING HORSE.
A woman in brown coat in a beach.
A person in a green sweatshirt holding a sheep.
A person holding a sheep.
A black car surrounded by people.
A black car to the left and behind the man on the skateboard.
the suv on run.
SUV parked by side of field.
a dump truck.
The yellow dump truck.
the horse with the rider wearing a white hat and white shirt.
A grey and brown horse being ridden by a child in a white top.
A zebra looking straight at the camera.
Zebra on the left that is looking at cameraman.
a black pickup van.
A black truck.
Motorcycle behind two white sheep.
a blue motorcycle.
A man in a baseball uniform.
a baseball pitcher about to throw the ball.
Green suitcase.
a green travel bag along with a black trave back.
A man in a grey shirt holding a cellphone with a box of pizza in his lap.
the man in the gray t-shirt holding his phone in his hand.
A pair of snow skis.
A pair of red skis.
a man in a blue shirt.
man in blue jacket and khaki pants, khaki hat.
A white Wii nunchuck controller in a person's left hand.
A button pressed by the thumb.
man in white, driving carriage.
A man in white driving a horse carriage.
Silverware sitting on table to the left of breakfast.
Metal fork placed beside metal butter knife and cell phone.
The chair in front of the bikes back tire.
A chair facing toward the right.
A woman on a bicycle in a green helmet.
A woman riding a bike.
The elephant to the right of all other elephants.
A elephant staring to his right with his tail swaying to the right.
A man playing guitar wearing a black jacket and a white shirt.
the man with black coat playing guitar.
Green bag on woman's shoulder.
Green color hand bag holding by a girl.
A BED COVERED WITH LUGGAGE IN A HOTEL ROOM.
A bed with black objects on it is in a room.
Brown wooden chair.
Chair the little girl is sitting on.
the chair with the backpack on it.
the black briefcase behind the red bag.
A baseball catcher wearing a blue uniform getting ready to catch a ball.
A baseball catcher wearing blue about to catch a ball.
A silver car parked behind a black car.
The  light colored car directly behind the black car.
The yellow open book.
An open book with a yellow cover.
A red car with black rims, next to a motorcycle.
A shiny red Acura Integra with black rims.
A man in a pink shirt sitting in the opposite direction.
Guy in white tshirt.
A bundle of carrots to the right of two large carrots.
Green and red apples, and some oranges, to the right of the 3 people.
Green apples directly next to the red apples in the foreground.
A woman in a dark outfit standing in front of a fireworks display.
A man in black shirt and jeans.
A baseball player, wearing a white and blue uniform, that is getting ready to hit a ball.
A baseball player getting ready to swing the bat.
The leftmost pizza.
the pizza in the left.
The person who is barely visible at all in the darkness to the right of Jesus.
person on bottom face front.
A happy women.
A woman in a gray shirt looking down at a pepperoni pizza at a table with other people and pizzas.
The chair that the guy not getting his hair cut is sitting in.
armed wooden chair.
A man with a surfboard, standing to the left of another man.
The shorter man standing in the water.
A man wearing black color dress.
The piece of sandwich under the other.
A sandwich below another sandwich.
a young zebra in the road.
The zebra near the bushes.
The person sitting on the sofa with a navy blue shirt.
A person sits on a brown couch and watches another play video games.
An elephant in front which is carrying a red t shirt lady.
An elephant carrying a lady in red t-shirt.
The sofa chair behind the standing man.
couch in the back.
the man who is playing the wii.
A man wearing a black shirt holding a wii remote.
The horse that isn't sticking it's tongue out.
A black and white horse standing to the right of another black and right horse.
A man waiting for his lugage.
the women holding the kite.
A women in blue flying a kite on a beach.
A couch with two pillows on it.
brown couch and table.
A skateboard with it's front wheels in the air.
A yellow chair with a blanket.
A yellow lawn chair with nobody on it.
A white horse.
A large white horse standing in front of another brown horse.
woman sitting with her elbows resting on the table.
A woman's bare elbows on the table.
books on the book shelf.
Several books in a bookcase behind a suitcase.
A bus that says Reading Station 144 on it.
A double-decker bus colored green and blue in main view.
Brown and gray elephant standing with it's foot on a large tree half.
An elephant next to the man in the black shirt.
An elephant that is barely visible.
elephant behind the elephant eating.
An olive chair in back of a white vase.
The green chair behind and to the right of the vase.
the sandwich on the left near the macaroni dish.
Sandwiches on a plate.
A low blue bicycle with really high handlebars parked next to a window.
blue bike against wall.
a man wearing a jersey shirt that has the number 51 on it playing wii.
The man in the blue Jersey.
part of a dark colored elephant.
The small backside of an elephant in the bushes.
A very long and tall green plant sitting by the window behind the end table.
The tallest tree inside.
the tv screen on the left behind the smiling woman.
left hand tv.
a pink gym bag with a blue zipper.
The pink and blue duffle bag.
a person in a red shirt.
A girl with a phone and speaking to another girl in the road side.
A man riding in a cream color horse wearing black cap and white shirt.
A computer monitor with two green lines on it.
the monitor closest to the dunkin donuts cup.
Third fire hydrant from left.
bowl of chocolate pudding.
chocolate icing being whipped in a white bowl.
Black bag on man's lap.
Luggage on a man's lap.
Skating with Peddalers on the road.
A man on a skateboard wearing a brown helmet, a gray sweatshirt, jeans, and black knee pads.
A cop ona motorcycle.
The person on the motorcycle.
A lady in blue pant and pink shirt holding a tennis bat is swing the hand to hit the ball.
An action shot of a woman in green pants and a red shirt about to hit a tennis ball.
Hand holding doughnut wrapped in paper.
Hand gripping piece of wax paper between thumb and fingers.
The left half of the sandwich on the front plate.
Tennis player in motion.
A man playing tennis.
a man was in a black drees.
A man in black pants, black shoes and wearing glasses.
the broccoli right in the middle of the bowl.
The center of the bowl.
The urn containing flowers on the right hand side of the aisle.
double headlight on motorcycle over the right side of teddy bear.
A black motor bike with two head lights.
The man with a black and red shirt and white shorts who has his arms folded standing between two other men.
Man on tennis court with black shirt and white shorts.
A city bus painted red and white.
guy standing next to the train.
A man wearing black standing in from of a locomotive.
A man skateboarding and about to land.
A man in a black hat and jeans skateboarding on a ramp.
A sandwich on the plate.
the sandwich.
aisle between seats on a train.
an empty seat between two children.
a girl wearing a black jacket standing with a boy under an umbrella.
A smiling woman in a black coat.
The tail end of the airplane that is only partially visible in the right hand picture.
The white tail of a plane.
big wooden pole.
Large wooden pole swinging in the air.
The cow whose face is hidden by the other cow's butt.
A toy in the hand of the girl wearing violet.
A brown colored toy which is held by a girl with violet tops.
a woman with long medium brown hair holding a donut.
girl on the left eating a donut.
The left front leg of a chair.
The woman in the light purple top working on the laptop.
A woman in a pink shirt surfing the internet.
A silver plane with a blue tail with white swirl design on it.
Two planes wait on the runway next to another plane.
A shorter giraffe laying on grass.
A giraffe laying to the left of another giraffe.
An airplane with a green tailfin.
Eva Air cargo flight on the run way.
A Grey fork on the table.
Fork to left of plate.
the dark brown chair with a white backpack on it.
Dark brown couch.
The back of a woman walking with umbrella on a dry day.
person holding a red umbrella.
White couch behind the man wearing white.
the couch behind the guys.
the glass on the right.
The dog that is closest to the headboard.
A brown dog lying on the top side of the bed.
The zebra on the right.
A zeba hidden behind a tree.
A baserunner in a baseball game running away from an infielder.
a baseball player in a white uniform and black helmet running to the base.
A white and blue candle stick with leftover red wax and it sitting on the left side of the table.
vase on left.
man in black shirt with a large belly holding a racket with yellow strings.
overweight man in middle, wearing black.
A cat is taking rest on a towel.
A cat laying down on a white towel next to some keys.
Rainbow striped kite.
A kite partially touching the ground.
GIRAFFE NEAREST THE RIGHT.
A giraffe walking in front of all giraffes.
Skis on the feet of a child wearing orange pants.
A black sleeping cat.
A black cat.
a chair in front of the laptop.
A green chair sitting at a computer desk.
An all black bird with an ebony beak standing in a tree.
taller bird.
A hotdog that sits second from the first hotdog next to a soda cup.
A bed with a brown striped bedspread.
a bed with a towel wrapped over it.
Person riding on back of a motorcycle.
A passenger on a motorcycle with his driver.
3 Felted orange carrots.
Three carrots made of felt.
A fork on a table beside a large sausage.
a fork next to checkerboard napkin.
A man walking in a resturant.
A man turning back and starring at someone.
back view of man in black shirts head.
A man in a black shirt sits behind a man in a green shirt.
grocery bag.
a brown paper bag.
a women was catching teddi bear.
Woman in a red coat holding a stuffed bear.
black plane with white stripe.
A black airplane sitting in a field next to a gray airplane.
A man standing in all black.
A man wearing a black shirt, black pants and white shoes.
A section of the couch to the right of the plank of wood.
Floral couch with a laptop on the computer.
A black and white cat on top of luggage.
A black and white cat standing on top of a black suitcase.
A light brown husky or sheep dog looking at cows.
A sheepdog panting in a field.
A woman in a black shirt with short hair looking at a man to her left.
The woman in all black.
the wii remote near the adidas shoes.
the controller closest to the shoe.
The man not wearing a tie or coat.
a young man without a sports jacket on.
A man with a black jacket and grey pants.
The man in the black jacket.
A piece of yellow cake sits on a glass plate next to a napkin.
A small rectangle of yellow cake sat on a clear serving plate.
A small evergreen tree in a solid gray container.
A plant in a big grey pot behind two people.
The child's red t-shirt to the right of the phone.
Blurry image of a person in a red t-shirt with gold lettering.
A MAN STEPPING THE TRAIN.
a guy walking into a train car door.
The woman in the black coat.
A lady wearing a necklace.
A worn down motorcycle with cloth on top of it.
A red motorcycle with colorful beads on it.
The group of stuffed animals the child is facing.
Infant feed her teddy bear.
A person in a dark green jacket talking on a phone.
Man sitting on a bicycle at night talking on his cell phone.
A small glass of water.
the glass of water next to the pizza.
Brown briefcase on too of another briefcase.
The lugage on top in the right corner.
a man with the number 8 on his shirt kicking a soccer ball.
No. 8 playing football.
carrot strip on the top of the bread.
A long piece of carrot laying across the top of the bun.
An elephant  with its child.
a large gray elephant.
Biggest elephany.
the elephant standing above the baby elephant.
kid wearing orange Tshirt.
a kid in an orange shirt kicking a ball.
cup on the right in the right hand picture.
pot with lighter chocolate.
coffee mug.
A cup in the middle of the tower.
a bottle of water next to a small pizza.
a bottle of water with  label  next to a pizza.
A man wearing red t-shirt flying in air.
A person snowboarding with black pants.
a white suv.
white jeep.
A Margherita pizza in the back.
Man in glasses and brown shirt.
Man wearing brown shirt and grey shorts.
the man in the black pullover jacket sitting on the right.
A man in a black jacket with his eyes closed, drinking from a glass of wine.
A white police bike between other two.
The second motorcycle closest to the small boy.
A woman with curly hair cutting a cake at her grandchild's birthday.
An old lady cutting a cake.
girl reading book.
a child studing bok.
A grey dog laying on a bed.
A smll black dog sleeping on a bed next to a larger dog and a cat.
blonde lady yellow dress.
A woman in a yellow shirt.
A man carrying a surfboard.
a man in a body suit holding a surf board.
Child with Star Wars backpack looking out a window.
A child with a Clone Wars backpack.
a brown chair facing a window.
A leather chair placed the farest away from the window.
a green vase on the left.
A tall, green decorative bottle.
An elephant in between two other elephants.
The elephant in the middle.
man on horse that is falling down.
The man on the falling horse.
the snowboard in the right hand picture.
A ice scatting board which is carrying a man with right had raised.
A zebra whose face is in front of another zebra's head.
The zebra in the back being bit by the other zebra.
A man facing forward wearing a suit.
man looking off to the side.
a computer monitor above a clock set on military time.
A computer monitor to the right of another monitor.
A man in grey colour collarless T shirt.
A man in a gray shirt and a little girl in a pink flower dress making a blowing motion.
A giraffee is eating the leaves.
A white and orange surfboard on the ground to the right of a man.
A white board with red on it.
A smiling women who has kept a baby in her lap.
A smiling woman in a gray shirt.
a woman touching her hair.
A woman with a scarf and purse around her neck looking at her cell phone to the right of other people.
woman skiing with blue coat.
A boy in a blue jacket is about to ski.
A woman in blue.
a nurse wearing blue scrubs.
TWO FOOTBALL PLAYER PLAYING THE FOOTBALL GAME.
The boy wearing the red uniform kicking the soccer ball.
The umpire behind the catcher.
An umpire watching the play.
only the leg of a elephant at the left of the picture.
The back leg of an elephant.
Bacon, ham, and cheese on toasted flatbread.
The half of the sandwich on the right.
A woman in jeans with her legs crossed.
The two girls in the middle of the group of four.
A bunch of apples.
Basket of red apples.
A little girl with blonde hair sitting on a baby chair.
A blonde girl sitting in a high chair at the end of the table.
a computer keyboard on a table.
AN WHITE COLOR EXTERNAL KEYBOARD FRONT OF THE MONITOR.
A dog to the right of all others.
The backside of the goose with the dirty feathers.
A guy with a blue cap on the phone talking to a lady.
The back of a man wearing a blue hat.
A cow mostly obscured by another cow.
The third cow,  in the back, almost completely obscured.
plant.
An indoor plant in a house.
The umbrella on the far right.
The giraffe that you can only see the back portion.
an close up of the pattern on a giraffe's skin.
A hand graced with a bracelet reached over toward the table where the ice cream sits.
The hand and wrist with a watch on the wrist.
A black laptop and white cup of coffe with a hand on the touch pad.
A laptop with a coffee cup.
A black car in front of other cars.
a car in balk.
a man on the side of a bus.
A man in a dark suit pictured on a bus.
Bag with Dean & Deluca inscribed upon it.
The bag marked Dean.
the horse is opposite direction and his eyes is slightly closed.
horses head on right.
A man standing and watching the others play a game.
The man holding the coffee cup.
A man sitting on a couch between two other people.
A man with black hair wearing a black shirt and holding an apple laptop between a man and a woman.
Asian nure taking care of a patient in the hospital.
A GIRL WEARING LIGHT ROSE COSTUME AND LOOKING AT THE FILE.
The donut in the middle.
The baked item that is most visible.
A motorcycle with some writing above the exhausts.
the frontmost motorcycle.
a doll standing in front of the door.
a teddy bear welcomes to her shop.
A man in a white shirt watching a boy on a skateboard.
A boy watching another boy skateboard.
A hotdog to the left of another hotdog.
a traffic signal displaying walk.
A walking sign lit up green.
A black sofa with silver legs.
A BLACK SOFA IN THE OPPOSITE SIDE.
kite with rocket image.
A outfit with stars hanging below the big red plane.
a young child sits behind another.
boy sitting on floor.
A child with helmet riding a horse.
Girl wearing purple helmet on white horse.
Two spoons in a multi color bowl on a table.
A spoon sitting on top a spoon.
The man shown with the cigar in his mouth.
A heavy man in suit smoking a cigar next to a printing press while standing to the left of other cigar smoking business men.
the center plane.
second plane.
a tan and white horse.
The black bike that the boy in a white shirt and black pants is riding.
black cycle.
A white van.
A white delivery van.
black car behind women.
The black car to the side of the truck.
A catcher in a white jersey is ready for the ball.
the catcher behind home plate.
Two black bags in the seat of a car next to another black bag.
Two black nylon bags next to a backpack.
The top blue railing behind the skiers.
A blue ski rack with a child in front.
Large elaphant standing with white tusks showing.
The kid on the left.
A young boy without glasses holding a teddy bear.
A grey elephant next to a tree.
ELEPHANT WITH TUSKS.
A man in a cowboy hat riding a skateboard down a wooden ramp.
A boy with white I-shirt is skating.
A woman in black and blue who is cutting a cake.
The person who is cutting the cake.
a girl smiles as she poses with bananas, a drink umbrella, and a bow.
A woman with gray and black shirt holding a banana.
man wearing a long dress coat, a fedora type hat, carrying a briefcase.
A man in a fedora carrying luggage.
An elephant facing forward with two riders atop it.
An elephant with two men ridding on top.
The closest pirce on the right.
the right side bread piece from the front.
The out of focus woman the frisbee is going towards.
A woman wearing a red baseball cap.
A zebra at the back of the pack.
A zebra standing the back of a group of zebras.
The reflection of a cat on its back.
IMAGE OF A BABY DOG IN THE MIRROR.
white turnover.
A half sandwich on a white plate next to silverware.
The train's from BNSF.
An orange and black train with a BNSF logo sitting on some train tracks.
The boy has a blue helmet on his head.
Skater wearing a blue helmet.
The pizza that is farthest away.
The pizza with the brown toppings.
a bowl of cereal.
The bowl that the toddler's hand is touching.
giraffe in the middle which is not eating leaves.
the giraffe in the middle.
A black and white cat staring at his reflection.
a cute cat's face looking at the camera.
the stop sign on the right furthest from the man.
stop sign in the right side near a white truck.
A white tub with surrounding gray tiles.
a bathtub set in tile in the bathroom.
there is a blond man in a black shirt.
a man with wavy blonde hair.
Red toy train.
red train.
black color table in the image.
an empty glass bowl on the table.
The woman sitting up holding the book.
A woman with black curly hair and sandals sitting on the grass.
tallest guy in picture.
a young boy putting money in a parking meter.
a young boy, playing with the parking meter, wearing a red sleeveless shirt and red and black shorts.
cow in back.
The cow next to the corner of the pen in front of the two people in blue and black.
A dog wearing a blue and orange shirt.
A dog waring a blue and orange shirt.
A gold easy chair with its back to gold curtains.
A man in the middle, walking with the closed eyes.
A person in a tan hat.
comforter on bed.
bed and bed sheet.
This ziraffe is standing in middle place.
two giraffes during feeding time.
A painting of a man in glasses, standing beside a woman.
A man from an image on a clock, who is next to a woman.
The landed plane that is closest to the camera and the full plane can be seen.
The British Airways plane to the front of the other planes.
A person wearing a red shirt, with no sunglasses, in front of two women with sunglasses.
The man in a red shirt watches the woman.
A man wearing black pants.
A man wearing a patterned shirt and a backpack.
The giant scissors held by the man.
A large wrench.
A young man sitting on the sidewalk in front of a large puddle.
A man.
A green color doll kept in the floor near the baby.
A green toy is placed on the crying baby.
A curly haired guy.
A person without glasses on their cell phone.
A woman in a black top having her wine poured.
woman in black shirt waiting on the wine.
The edge of a round table covered with a light brown tablecloth holding two cakes.
round table holding the two cakes.
A giraff sculpture is standing in the foreground.
A headless giraffe sculpture in front of another giraffe sculpture and two headless zebra sculptures.
A red toothbrush with purple and white bristles is on the left side of the image.
toothbrush on far left.
A horse dressed in pulling gear, with a brown spot on his nose.
The rightmost horse of the two.
the black chair in the middle of the room.
the black chair in front of the computer screens.
Woman in a white shirt feeding a giraffe.
a young woman's arm holding a piece of food out to a giraffe.
a blue motorcycle.
A blue and white parked motorcycle against a brick wall.
Vehicle closest to giraffe.
The brown horse that the person in a red sweater is wearing.
back of a brown horse and front portion of white horse slightly.
a food on tabule.
left half of sandwich.
A girl in blue pajamas eating beside her father who is playing wii.
Girl holding a toy to her mouth sitting on the sofa with a man wearing glasses and holding controllers.
The catcher.
A baseball catcher trying to catch the ball.
An airplane on the outside of another plane.
The tail of an airplane as seen through the window of a nearby plane.
a girrafe eating in front of another giraffe.
A giraffe stands on a dirt road near trees.
hands of the person on lower right corner.
the hands of a person working on part of a computer.
A woman wearing a baseball cap holding three tennis balls.
An women holding tennis balls in hand with black cap.
A butter knife laying beside a fork.
A fork and knife laying on wood table next to a pizza.
A woman with blonde hair sitting down.
A blond woman in black and white wearing a gold necklace.
A laptop that is sitting on a table.
A laptop computer on a table with a food carton next to it.
A train with the number 102 on the front of it.
The train on the right.
A white horse with a man riding rearing up into the air.
a white horse on his hind legs besides a black horse.
a pizza with one slice removed.
red color couch in the right side of the image.
High back of a red chair.
The part of the pizza where all the slices are in the original position they were baked in.
A pizza with a slice cut out.
The brown chair on the right of the other brown chair.
the chair on the right, closest to the fireplace.
A women with blonde hair and a white shirt sitting on a couch.
The woman in the white shirt that is sitting on the black couch with the man in the orange striped shirt.
A computer screen turned on with a program on it.
A BLACK COLOR MONITOR NEAR BY CPU.
A girl on a skateboard.
A girl who is riding on a skateboard wearing a white shirt and a necklace.
the corner of the table to the right of the back of the mans head.
The corner of a blue table in a meeting room.
guy playing wii boxing in defensive position.
Man in black.
The giraffe whose tail is visible.
A giraffe staring off to the left.
a person wearing a bright orange safety coat holding a stop sign.
a man with a stop sign.
Green apples for sale.
Pile of golden yellow apples.
Man with tattoos sitting in the back.
A man sitting in a booth.
a white porcoline boudet in a bathroom.
bidet.
The half of a broken banana without the stem.
The half of the banana without the stem.
A boy with a video controller.
A kid playing a video game.
The man holding the old fashioned camera.
hipster with a 60s camera and a mouth fedora.
A man in a black jacket standing between two women.
A smiling person between two smiling women.
An oversized tennis racket.
The biggest tennis racket in the picture.
A table with a pink table cloth and a happy birthday cake and other foods on it.
table with pink cover and birthday cake.
tennis player.
A woman playing tennis.
The sheep on the left.
A lamb with blue spray paint laying in the grass on the left of two other lambs.
A person with a white shirt.
woman in a white top and beige skirt.
A large cow looks to its right.
The big cow.
The bottom left pizza.
A pizza with full cheeze.
The elephat that is walking in the grass.
A small baby elephant walking in the grass.
The guy in the gray tshirt and black pants.
A man in black pants.
A yellow surfboard next to a person in a black shirt.
a man playing tennis.
The man is playing tennis.
floral fabric.
A person in a floral suit.
white door in kitchen.
white door frame.
small green bicycle being ridden by boy in red shirt.
A small  bicycle with green body.
A bull wrangler in a white shirt.
A man in a white shirt.
A woman with a green headband holding a tennis racket.
A woman holding a tennis racket.
The arm of the person on the left that is wearing a bracelet on their wrist.
The hand on the left holding the wine glass.
A mother elephant.
mama elephant.
A large pizza on the table.
pizza and the table under it.
the bed with a pillow and blanket.
A bowl of pasta.
the pasta dish.
a tiny slice of white cake with pink icing and sprinkles.
piece of cake on a plate with a candy sucker.
A white color spiral bonded book at the bottom.
The white, spiral bound book under the box and books.
Child in yellow jacket.
the little boy in yellow reaching for the apples.
Five slices of pizza waiting to be ate.
The left over of the pizza on the silver pan.
Pet dog looking for Master.
A dog is sitting upright on a porch swing.
The chair that has a girl sitting in it with half her face covered by an object.
A yacht is in the water.
A large yacht second to last at the dock.
A piece of off-white paper with a Blue and Black Logo on a messy desk.
paper on top rihht side.
a man in a blue shirt standing between two boys on the beach.
A man in a shirt with a yellow stripe.
The plant beside the red wall.
A palm plant in front of a red wall.
The near bench of the picnic table.
the Picnic table benches.
An airplane seat holding an item in its back cover.
A man holding a green computer.
A older man who is on the computer.
Red apples sitting next to a pile of oranges.
A pile of red apples.
The  horse with the green blanket that has the number five.
A horse with a green hatted jockey.
Woman in jean jacket with her back turned to man eating.
A woman wearing a blue-jean jacket sitting behind a man eating a sandwich.
AN ELEPHANT HAVING THE ANOTHER ELEPHANT TAIL BY HIS MOUTH.
An elephant following another elephant and holding onto its tail.
tennis player.
Tennis player getting ready to hit the ball.
slice of pizza in front of glass.
the pizza slice at 12 o clock in the right hand picture.
A woman in a black tanktop, shopping at a farmers market.
A woman with short hair and has a tank top on and also has a tattoo.
The female soccer player lightly kicks the ball during the co-ed soccer game.
The girl that just kicked the ball.
Silver car, behind bus, made right turn onto street.
A car for which its's side and rear portion is seen togetherand which is behind the big car in the front.
A tablet between two other tablets.
A tablet in between two other tablets.
A table served with all types of drinks and flowers in-front of a couple.
An arrangement of purple daisy flowers on a table full of beverages.
The oranges in the background.
oranges sold in a market.
Laptop screen with four icons showing.
A laptop in the back.
Man and woman holding up a pink whale toy in middle of room.
a man in a white shirt and tie holding a tiny pink whale.
Orange at the top of the bunch.
left leg of person riding ski lift.
A snowboarder's leg extended from the seat of a ski lift.
A small, rustic pizza rests on a wooden cutting board.
Brown cutting board with pizza bread on it.
A girl in a white sweater with a game controller in her hand.
A lady wearing a white shirt playing wii.
The chest below the chest that has a bottle on it.
The suitcase which is under a smaller suitcase.
A skateboard tilted on one side being dragged by a child wearing a red helmet.
Young boy's skateboard.
A cooler with drinks sits in the background behind a man holding a tray with pastries.
A fridge holding beverages.
a man hitting a tennis ball.
tennis player.
A man smoking a cigarette.
man in white button down shirt smoking a cigarette.
The specialized tv remote.
remote controller.
The elephants standing on the grass.
An elephant and her baby standing in dry grass next to trees.
monitor with white screen, second from right.
computer monitor between two others.
dreadlocked woman looking at laptop.
A woman wearing glasses and a black shirt looking at a laptop.
a passenger red and white plane from shanghai airlines.
Shanghai Airlines plane.
The second frame from the right.
the horse at the left of the picture.
A brown horse next to a white horse.
Aman with a red shirt and a dark jacker looking down.
A man standing in front of the number of bro coils.
The woman wearing red witha knofw at her knees.
An Asian lady wearing a cone shaped hat, red jacket, black sweater and blue pants.
A red tennis racquet being used by a woman wearing a blue and green dress.
tennis racket being held by woman in blue.
A white boat with a blue top sitting on the water.
a white water taxi has a blue top.
A man in a gray windbreaker and orange shorts holding his bicycle.
A man in a black jacket.
A man with a controller sitting on the floor.
A man in glasses sits on the floor near two other people.
A giraffe in the back of a row of three giraffes.
The giraffe with its head the lowest.
An empty half of a kitchen sink.
A empty section in a sink.
A multy colour chair.
pad on chair to the left of the bowl with hot dog buns.
popcorn in a silver bowl.
A POPCORN IN A PLATE AND ITS NEAR A PIZZA IN A BOWL.
a zebra's butt.
The back end of a zebra, facing a different direction of the 2 other zebras.
A light brown dog with his nose in the purse.
dog has mouth in woman's bag.
A girl with a birthday hat on.
a little girl in a birthday hat biting into a cake.
a man in all black sitting on a bench reading a book.
sitting man.
Boy with black and gray shirt, longer brown hair.
Elephant is half in mud as it steps behind tree toward brush.
The blue tablecloth on the table the woman is leaning on.
blue colour clothes.
A woman and man take a picture in a bathroom.
a man and a woman.
A young girl in a pink shirt.
Girl in pink bathing suit.
An almost empty glass being refilled by a bottle of wine.
the glass having wine poured in.
The glass that is next to the salad bowl.
The glass next to the bowl of salad.
A blue suitcase in man's hand.
Black luggage with a handle at the top.
Two students sit on a large stone bench.
A bench sat on by a girl in a black shirt and a girl in a red shirt.
A snowboarder in a red jacket and red helmet.
The person riding the snowboard wearing the red jacket and black pants.
the wooden padded chair.
A woman jumping to catch a frisbee.
woman in blue tank top and leopard skirt jumping to catch a frisbee.
Brown horse with blue rope on head.
A brown horse with girl in riding hat, facing away from horse.
girl wearing white striped hooded sweatshirt.
A child with brown hair in a ponytail, wearing a striped jacket.
This is a young man at a counter reading a paper.
A man and a woman looking at a stemmed wine glass that the man has two fingers on.
a chair under a table and a plate of fruit and cheese.
A blue chair pushed in below a plate of cheese.
a man with mobile.
a man wearing a plaid shirt holding a phone.
The white stove and propane tank.
white four burner stove with blue pot on top.
the black color sofa back to the cat.
A chair behind a cat.
The balding man.
A man wearing a dark green jacket playing a Wii.
Boat with blue and red stripe along side.
boat with red then blue then black stripes.
A tennis player in the middle of a serve.
tennis player.
The front side of the bus on the road.
front half of an articulated bus.
A woman next to a man holding up an umbrella has her head off-camera.
the body of the girl who is holding the map.
A red and yellow bus headed to stop Dill Hall Circular.
A red and tan bus that has the number 5.
A man wearing a blue shirt with yellow on the front and black pants who is on a skateboard in the air.
A man wearing a blue and yellow shirt jumping in the air on a skateboard.
the woman.
A smiling woman in a black jacket.
blurry image of a person in a yellow shirt standing behind a woman cutting a blue polkadot cake with wall-e toper.
A yellow color woman is back side of the other woman.
the right half of a sandwich.
right half of a sandwich.
The cow laying on the ground.
white cow in the image.
man with blue t-shirt in the left side of the image.
An older man in white short, green shirt and glasses standing next to the stove.
Person sitting on couch with their arm on the back of the couch.
a man hided by the girl.
Green box on the right side.
Green floor item on the right.
a black cat crouching down beneath the statue.
BLACK CAT.
The red truck.
a red truck that is next to the handicapped parking spot.
a califlower is on plate to ready to cook.
The bowl of brocolli.
A woman having launch with her family.
A beautiful white woman posing for camera as she have lunch with her family.
a pan with ice cubes floating in water.
a shade on a man whos wearing black shirt.
The tie of the man on the left.
Red coat hanging on a chair.
A red jacket handing on the back of a chair.
Knight jousting on a white horse against knight on black horse in front of a bridge.
The front side of a knight jousting on a light colored horse.
The man on the yellow surfboard.
shirtless surfer on yellow board.
The chair behind the cat.
A chair behind a kitten.
LARGE WHITE UPHOLSTERED SOFA IN FRONT OF WINDOW.
a white sofa next to a window.
the girl with brown eyes and a purple toothbrush.
The boy in the jersey.
A man in a white shirt holding a phone to his ear.
umbrella in the left side.
A plate full of pizza a small piece taken from it.
A large round cheese pizza with one piece missing already.
An umpire in dark pants behind a catcher.
the referee.
a white snowboard.
A white snowboard with connected lines on it in between two other snowboards.
biggest glass in the image.
A wine glass on the table, holded by an unseen person.
a blue train.
Boy holding laptop.
A young boy sitting in a car using a laptop.
white mug with coffe.
A cup of coffee with cream serves as a good accompaniment to this breakfast.
The table with the hats on it.
Table and all the items on top of table.
A giraffe facing the right.
A giraffe looking to the right.
A person with red pants and a black helmet snowboarding.
a man in red trousers skating.
President Bush waving from an airplane.
The man leading the others down the stairs.
A child looks up at an older female while sitting on a chair.
A child sitting on a chair with a blue shirt on.
The yellow vehicle in the right photo of the collage.
A slice of pizza that is on a plate with a fork.
A slice of pizza on a plate with a fork.
the middle cupcake in the back in the right hand picture.
The cupcake farthest in the back.
A bright yellow couch.
A white couch.
a slice of an orange set in the middle of the bowl.
Orange wedges located directly below white spoon.
The brown bear that has two paws on the rock.
A bear on the front which is looking left side.
A bowl of carrots and small tomatoes.
bowl of carrots and tomatoes.
a close-up of a zebra.
this is the front most zebra.
A bird looking inland.
bird.
the open hood next to the truck.
The hood of a vehicle, propped open.
a man in blue t-shirt.
long haird man in blue t-shirt holding game controller.
A burger with egg and lettuce with ketchup.
An egg with onions and lettuce on top.
the teddy bear above the other two.
A fussy brown bear only showing half its body.
A brown teddy bear wearing a red dress with bows on the ears.
The teddy bear being held by the boy with the pink shirt.
Empty park bench.
An empty park bench in the grass.
Bananas on a white plate with fork an other foods.
The person in the green shirt whose hand is trying to touch the frisbee.
the man with the white glove hi-fiving.
A baseball player wearing a white glove.
The square piece of pizza by itself on a plate.
An almost eaten piece of pizza on a plate to the right.
A lady in a black color dress with a remote in her hands.
a woman wear skirt.
The man in brown who is waving.
A man wearing Nike branded shoes and a dslr camera.
A LITTLE COW DOLL TOUCHED A GIRL BABY.
the smallest of the cow staues.
right most stunt plane.
plane flying furthest from camera.
The skis that are being worn by the woman who is squatting. She is wearing a blue and white cap.
the skis the woman in blue is wearing.
Indian elephant within a herd.
The horse on the far right.
black color horse in the right side.
An elephant with a darker elephant in front of it and another elephant behind it.
An elephant with a person riding him, following another elephant.
A person who is sitting behind the pitza.
Person that is about to eat this pizza.
a young elephant walks with others.
A baby elephant being guided by his family.
glass on the right close to napkin.
A man holding the little girl.
A man with a black t-shirt and hat hold a child's hand in front of a giraffe.
A laptop computer with the Dell logo on it.
A black computer.
Man.
An older gentleman in a button-down shirt holding a black Dell laptop.
some broccoli right next to some califlour.
A pile of broccoli behind a pile of cauliflower.
A freshly baked pizza sprinkled with white cheese over an even coating of red sauce.
A pizza that is partially in focus in front of other pizzas.
A white and yellow ambulance on the far left.
The vehicle on the left of the row.
The dog that is barely seen.
Round decoration underneath clock.
CIRCLE BOTTOM FRONT.
The man in the green shirt.
A man in a green shirt holding up a wine glass.
Man in purple shirt, and black shorts jumping.
A person in purple playing frisbee.
A snowboarder sitting in the snow with a black jacket on that has white stripes down the sleeves.
A man wearing a black jacket and gray snow pants on a snowboard.
A piece of cake that is on top of the other cakes.
cake which is placed above a piece of cake.
A pizza being bent.
A PIZZA WHO HOLDING WITH HIS TWO HANDS.
The hands of a woman holding a bag.
The baseball player that is wearing a catcher's mask, and a white uniform. He is facing towards the right.
baseball player in catcher's uniform.
The baseball player playing the catcher position.
A catcher wearing a red and white uniform.
A gray car is stopped at an intersection.
The white car sitting next to the motorcycle.
A silver chair facing away from the road.
The chair near the back of the hot dog.
A glass of water with a straw in it, next to a plate with a biscuit.
A glass with water in between an empty glass and a black cup.
A huge brown and white cow with medium sized horns.
A black and white cow sleeping on the side of the street.
A giraffe bending over.
A giraffe with his neck lowered standing next to another giraffe.
Person holding white umbrella.
a woman with a white umbrella.
A yellow motorcycle parked in a row with two other motorcycles.
A yellow motorbike parks near a blue bike under a tree.
A black chair behind the woman in the sparkly shirt.
The empty plastic chair is to the bottom right.
An empty table sits to the right of a family.
the piece of food in the top right.
The food near the stem of the fork.
A woman in a green shirt holding a fork out to eat some food.
A GIRL PICKING A MEAT FROM FORK.
The motorcycles side view mirror in front of the woman with the green jacket.
a boy is paling.
The man is jumping. He has a orange shirt and it is loose, showing his undergarments.
Keyboard beneath cat.
Keyboard of a laptop computer that cat is sitting on.
A wood chair with a polka dotted cushion.
An empty seat.
A laptop operated by the most bent over man.
A woman in a flowered shirt.
woman in red shirt.
There is a silver Verizon Motorolla flip phone in between another silver Motorolla flip phone and a wooden clipboard.
phone with "verizon" written on it.
a side bag of a lady.
the black purse the woman int he coat is carrying in the right hand picture.
the left half of a sandwich.
Sandwich half on the left.
The cream colored stuffed animal on the right.
teddy bear with white belly.
the last pizza in the image, farthest in the background of the image, and most blurry from the other pizzas.
A blurry pizza pie on the far side of the table.
bed on the top bunk.
The top bunk mattress above a girl sitting on the lower bunk.
A girl wearing a red baseball cap and holding a beer.
The woman in a red hat.
Young boy riding a bicycle that is tagged with the name Jake.
The child with the blue helmet.
empty wine glass closest to camera.
Fat and wide empty wine glass next to a big bottle of wine.
A brunette girl points at a man with a wii controller in his hand.
A girl with brown hair and bangs with her mouth open pointing to a man.
a yellow train racing another train.
A yellow-green train.
The groom cutting the cake.
The man in the vest holding the knife.
Zebra biting the other zebra.
A zebra mounting another zebra.
A sleeping child in a red shirt.
A boy with a red shirt sleeping.
air boat in  a lake.
Large raft partially on both a ramp and in the water.
orange yellow white red striped kite.
a white, red, orange and yellow striped, tube shaped kite.
A OLD WOMAN SIT AND TURN BACK.
An older woman sitting down and looking to the left.
A baby elephant with trunk currled and a peice of grass.
The baby elephant standing next to the larger elephant.
Guy leaning down with a tennis racket in red and white shorts.
Tennis player straddling white line wearing red shorts with white stripe.
A woman preparing food.
a woman making food.
A man in a red plaid jacket is holding a cain and the hand of the woman next to him.
A man wearing glasses.
Man next to the surfboard.
the man with the white shirt with a red emblem.
The vase in the middle but closest to the table in the back.
The second from the right blue vase holding dried flowers.
The kite the firl in grey is holding.
Colorful kite held in a small girl's right hand.
Woman in a black dress.
A woman in glasses.
A computer screen with Google on it.
monitor top right side.
A woman and a man riding a motorcycle.
Woman smiling while sitting on the back of a motorcycle.
A man wearing blue color shirt and pant with sandal color hat is looking at a small elephant.
The man sitting wearing all blue with both hands on the elephants head.
The bed on which the girl with the checkered shirt is lying.
the top bunk.
Light-brown wooden table adjacent to the metal appliance.
The wooden counter on the right.
Asian woman with pink phone.
A girl with pink mobile, taking a snap of the food.
A small elephant.
A baby elephant with its trunk extended.
A bowl of dipping sauce being held closely to a container of apples.
A glass of sauce.
Red and white polka dot shirt.
Belly in red polka dots.
te bed with the orange tags on it.
te bed with the orange tags on it.
The woman on the couch.
A couple relaxed and cuddled in dim light on a light-colored couch with a blue comforter over the back.
White cover on chair to the left.
the top of a white chair.
the cow with the horns facing the water.
Bull sitting on beach looking at ocean.
A man in a blue jacket sitting on some luggage.
The man with the blue sweatshirt who is holding the bar.
giraffe on the far right.
The giraffe is behind the trees.
The orange in front of the bananas.
The orange next to the bananas.
A large Target semi truck.
A truck for the store Target.
A juvenile giraffe with it's tongue sticking out.
A giraffe sticking its tongue out.
Tabletop being used to prepare food.
A white table with food on it.
A boy in a orange shirt standing next to a sitting child.
A kid wearing an orange tank top.
Woman in a wetsuit with blonde pony tail.
A female in a wetsuit on the water.
a woman in the middle wearing black.
An Asian woman wearing a leopard patterned shirt.
A bunk bed positioned by a a wall.
A brown bunk bed.
girafe standing in front of other giraffe with head lower.
The shorter giraffe.
The man on the right.
A man wearing black sunglasses and a hat.
A small bowl of food to the left of a plate of oysters.
A bowl with brown soup.
Boy with red shirt and purple shorts playing next to a sofa.
A little kid wearing a red shirt and blue pants.
The bird that has orange spots on its wing.
The green and red bird that is looking down.
The running horse on the left with the man sitting on it.
The horse with the black straps on its head.
The back end of a bus with the number 1 on it.
the bus on the left.
The driver of the motorcycle with a black helmet.
A person that is driving the motorcycle and wearing a black helmet.
A empty black desk chair facing the camera.
The left most empty chair.
A man in white t-shirt is touching a sheep.
A man with headphones on his neck.
The orange train without its lights on.
The train in the middle with no lights on.
a man wearing a blue shirt sitting in the snow.
A man wearing a blue T-shirt with a girl beside.
A thumb holding the last bit of a wrap.
A hand of a person eating food at a table.
The entire blue and grey train.
The gray and blue train on the track.
giraffe to right of other giraffe.
Owl facing wall.
Grey long truck with Amherst and the Canadian flag on the side.
An Amherst crane truck body.
There is green colored laptop infront of a man.
A green laptop computer open towards the right.
A PERSON WEARING RUBBER BOOTS SITTING ON A COUCH.
a person, dressed all in black, wearing rubber galoshes.
A silver aircraft.
A jet stopped in a runway.
A blue corner window seat.
The blue section of couch.
A cat with its eyes closed.
A white and grey cat with its eyes closed.
There is a grey colored car parked back of men.
Parked car behind hooded man.
The chair the only woman is sitting on.
The surfboard the woman in a white shirt and blue capris is holding.
The cat in back.
A black and white cat behind another black and white cat.
A white dish to the left of the plate.
a man with blue jeans standing behind a kid.
a pair of jeans worn by a man.
A man wearing a black goggles.
The man wearing sunglasses.
A woman wearing a gray and white scarf with a gap between her front teeth.
A woman wearing a scarf.
A baby zebra standing next to an adult zebra.
A small zebra.
A gray train.
silver train.
A WOMAN WEARING BLACK COLOR TOPS & BROWN COLOR PANT HOLDING A TENNIS BAT ON HER HAND.
A woman in brown pants.
Two trains that are facing one another.
The red and silver trains in the foreground.
The arm and hand of the person holding the bottle of wine.
A person with black t-shirt holding a green color beer bottle.
A little girl with brown hair taking a napkin.
Little girl in the striped shirt.
The chair with the unopened umbrella connected to it.
The mother giraffe in the middle.
A tan and white giraffe with a small giraffe under it.
A woman sitting on a bench in a blue shirt aand white shoes.
A blonde woman in a light blue top who is wearing white sneakers and sitting on a bench.
A child wearing a pink jacket.
A girl skiing in pink and blue.
Blue bus 75 pulling up to a bus stop.
Blue bus.
The airplane that is partially visible.
A man wearing black sitting on top of an elephant.
Man with black shirt sits on elephant next to a lady.
a redish chair with two pillows on it, one of which is white with 9 boxed designs.
A brown chair with a red pillow and a white pillow with rectangular shapes.
A woman wearing a black top and red bottom next to a child wearing a shiny blue shirt.
a woman in red pants sitting in a chair.
giraffe with butt facing this way.
silver and burgandy colored cars parked in background.
parked silver car.
The reflection of a woman in a blue dress wiping her nose.
A black cow is standing near another cow.
A black cow in a field.
third panda from the left.
The third yellow bear from the left.
a man in a red hat sitting on a bench.
A woman wearing a red hat and blue jeans sitting on a bench.
The giraffe whose head is hung highest.
The giraffe that is standing tall.
There is one white flight standing on the road.
A PLANE IN WHITE COLOR.
a brown cow in front of another one.
mostly obscured oxen.
A stone bench that doesnt have an animal in front of it.
A low bench on the left side of an entrance gate.
a man was standing.
A man without t-shirt, holding his horse rope and standing on the beach.
yellow and red boat closest to the front.
a dragon boat team with a red and yellow dragon boat.
A Gray sightseeing boat on the water.
Excursion Ship.
A Black and White cockerspaniel.
The springer spaniel is mostly white.
the back profile of a giraffe.
giaraafe standing tall.
The girl with many bracelets on her wrist.
The woman with the black bracelets.
man sitting on the chair with grey t-shirt.
The man wearing the beanie that is sitting.
bar stool sitting on the front right side.
A long hair girl standing first from left.
a woman holding a tennis racket backwards.
A Cow Standing in Farm.
The under side of the cow who is standing.
The bicycle the lady with the black pants is riding.
A man with khaki pants and dress shoes.
Man in khaki.
a woman in a black tank top.
The woman with black hair and a black shirt.
A woman in a black shirt.
The woman in all black.
The woman in the black shirt.
A woman in a black graphic shirt watching the decoration over a boy's shoulder.
A bull that is in a pasture between two people.
Black cow, with her baby.
The reflection in a mirror of a black cat wearing a red collar.
The reflection of the cat.
A baseball catcher wearing a vest.
A catcher.
smaller boy with short brown hair wearing an orange shirt and black pants.
boy wearing the orange shirt.
The blurry rear end of a white dog with a brown spot.
The two white dogs in the background.
It is a picture of a catcher in position to catch a baseball. He is in a blue shirt with white pants.
Man squatting wearing a number 43 jersey.
A white  gas cook stove in the middle of the kitchen.
A white stove.
A woman in a white shirt.
A woman wearing white drinking from a straw.
part of an eaten donut next to the half of a donut.
The piece of donut just right of the largest piece of donut.
The lead zebra of a two-zebra group, on the road in front of the zebra on the shoulder.
Smaller Zebra walking on road.
A tabby cat sitting outside a door.
The cat right in front of the window.
hands of man in left image.
The motorcycle.
a green motorcycle with a yellow seat.
Center boat.
A gray raft with wooden paddles, and camping supplies.
All of the sliced apples to the left of the grapes.
A bunch of sliced apples.
The silver metal step stool on the left looks antique.
tall skinny chair on the left side.
A woman in a Yankees sweater.
A LADY WITH IS COLLEAGUE WEARING BLUE COLOR DRESS.
Picture of an eldery woman sitting on a bench in the middle of two others.
a old women sitting the chair.
a man in a green and grey striped sweater with a white shirt.
A young man in a white shirt and striped jacket playing wii.
An elephant on the left with its trunk almost touching the water.
An elphant with shorter tusks.
A bad with a brown blanket on it.
A bed with a purple blanket over the end of it.
smallest child and his horse.
Horse next to boy with white shirt and light colored hat.
A man with glasses sitting on a couch holding a video game controller.
A man in a shirt with a yellow pattern sitting on a red couch.
a hotdog with nothing on it.
A hot dog in a toasted bun, served without any toppings, laying on a yellow bag.
A man in a black shirt and brown pants playing a video game.
The man with the black shirt.
A man holding a tennis racket.
A man in a white outfit holding a tennis racket.
A grilled sandwich cut in half.
A sandwish on a plate, on the table.
A green and orange tractor trailer being pulled up.
A green tow truck being hoisted.
Both skis of the lady in red.
BLACK GRAPES ON A BREAD.
A powdered blackberry donut with real blackberries on top.
An employee with a broom in his hand.
A worker with a broom in his hands.
A white horse behind the brown one.
white horse directly behind the black one.
Green mug.
A green teapot next to a plate of cheese.
A bench made out of stone and gray painted wood.
An empty grey bench made on rock legs.
A black bike laying against a bush.
A bicycle parked off to the side.
The suitcase the cat is on.
The suitcase and cat.
A girl in pink sweater and red boots laying on top of suitcases.
A child in a pink sweater with crossed legs.
bird on left.
bird standing in grass left side.
a hand holding a photo.
persons hand holding pic.
A person standing behind a birthday cake wearing brown pants.
A giraffe being fed by a woman in blue.
Head of a giraffe eating a treat from a woman.
two bananas on the right.
a statue of a dark gray elephant.
A black elephant in the field.
a yellow and brown striped tie.
the yellow tie of the man wearing blue shirt.
A MAN WAS PLAYING THE FOOD BALL IN THE LAST PIOSITION.
a soccer player with a grey jersey with his hand raised.
A wing-backed chair upholstered in gold velvet.
An armchair facing the window.
small giraffe on left.
the giraffe most close and facing the camera.
woman wearing white and black talking on phone.
girl swinging tennis racket.
A girl wearing a yellow shirt and tan pants, with a blue band in her hair, holding a tennis racquet.
A ZEBRA WHOSE FACE IS NOT IN THE IMAGE.
The body of a zebra with bent legs.
Dessert on a small brown dish.
White chocolate on a small plate to the side of dinner plate.
the kid.
A SMALL WHITE BABY SHEEP.
a circular bowl just behind the flowers.
A white sink behind some green leafy plant.
An oven on the bottom of other ovens.
a woman with white shorts and a blue tee shirt throwing a ball.
the woman with her back to the camera.
A mother cow with her black calf.
A brown cow standing in a stall.
WOMAN WEARING RED DRESS FEEDING SOMETHING TO ELEPHANT.
A lady with red dress, feeding elephant.
A empty chair sitting closer to the window than any other chair.
the desk chair near the window with split legs.
The empty booth, behind a empty table.
empty booth.
The horse in dimwhite color.
A gray horse with green handle being ridden by a man in blue jeans.
The blonde woman with short hair.
Young blond girl watching sheep being sheered.
the hair of the girl watching the sheep get sheered.
A vase that is sitting on the left side of the table.
the red vase on the left.
A parking meter without hand.
the grey parking metter closest to the camera.
A dark brown and black cow with a white dot on its forehead.
darkest cow.
A young boy wearing a dark blue suit is holding a tennis racket getting ready to hit a ball.
Boy in bland and white sweat suit holding a tennis racket .
a women wearing green colour t shirt.
The girl with the glasses is petting the dog.
The train left of another.
The door to the bus.
The door on a bus.
empty wine glass.
The wine glass, with a ponda toy and little wine.
An unoccupied chair.
wooden chair with no one sitting in it.
A giraffe stands behind two other giraffes while eating.
A giraffe with its head hidden behind a feeder.
Senior adult enjoying horse riding.
The woman riding the horse.
A young girl reaching for apple slices.
A baby cutting apples.
The chair back with no one sitting in it.
Zebra who is first in the group.
A zebra walking in leading pack, leaning down to graze.
A SPEC WOMAN.
lady with short curly hair and glasses.
the woman in a white blouse.
girl with hairband.
A girl with a pink hair band sitting at a table.
A woman wearing a white top holding a video game remote.
A WOMAN STANDING NEAR SOFA WATCHING SOMETHING.
A man in sunglasses.
A man wearing sunglasses and holding the harness of the horse near it's face.
The chair the cat is sitting on.
wooden chair in which cat is sitting.
the brown vacant chair with white pillows on it.
A tan high back chair with a pillow on top of the seat cushion.
man wearing striped shirt driving a motorcycle.
man in a striped shirt.
A black man in a baseball uniform with the letters NGE on his shirt.
The black man whose face you can see.
A white couch with one brown pillow on top of it.
A white couch in the background with a brown pillow and several video game controllers on it.
An elephant walking forward.
The elephant looking towards the camera.
A blood orange in a blue container.
The slice of grapefruit.
silver oven woman is opening.
A horse without a rideer.
Wild horse running to get away from the man riding a horse at a rodeo.
Man dressed in black standing under a street sign.
A man in a black outfit.
a chair which is near the fridge where a lady is sitting.
The wooden chair the violinist is sitting on.
A straw umbrella.
A wood and thatch beach shelter with a backpack underneath it.
A cat with glasses taking a picture of another cat with an old camera.
A cat using a camera.
A child with brown hair.
FEMALE ON THE RIGHT.
A donut with chocolate frosting and multicoloured sprinkles.
DOUGHNUT WITH THE COLORFUL SPRINKLES.
A goat standing to the right of another goat and eating grass.
The goat grazing grass and first from the camera.
White microwave above the stove.
A microwave that is above the stove. The microwave is both white and off, but not off-white. :).
A pad of yellow sticky notes.
A yellow notepad.
A person in yellow.
A peson in a yellow shirt.
A jug of chocolate milk.
All that I need is a bottle of chocolate milk.
A bird stands on the beach with its head turned to the right.
bird with ruffled feathers on the sand.
The zebra in the lead.
A zebra to the right of the other zebras.
A green plant in a green vase sitting on a wood table.
A small plant in a planter set on a wooden table.
A man wearing blue pant and white shirt leaning the side of the white car posing for the photo.
A man in the formal dress standing behind the car.
Blonde lady with glasses, wearing a black tank top and green khakis.
A woman in glasses and black top holding a game controller.
Dark beige colored Chevy parked behind people holding signs.
car parked in a street.
the bride.
Bride eating cake.
Several large teddy bears are lined up on a bench next to a street.
bears lined up.
Blue stuffed animal.
A bluish-green stuffed toy horse.
The signal lights facing right side near the bunch of balloons.
The sideways street lights.
woman in black pants with black and white top.
The woman wearing stripes and talking on her cell phone.
catcher of a baseball game.
A baseball catcher is preparing to catch the ball.
A red car to the left of a white car.
the red car in the right hand picture.
A bowl of brocoli.
majority of broccoli except two pieces on bottom right.
white and purple handbag carried in the left arm of the girl holding a black umbrella.
A young woman's purple floral handbag.
Large zebra walking away.
The adult zebra.
A large television.
a flat screen tv on top of a white entertainment center.
A man's black pants.
mens black slacks or pants.
Glass of water filled about half way sitting on a wooden table.
A clear glass of water sitting on a table behind a sub sandwich.
The giraffe with a bird in front of it.
Giraffe running with its neck crooked slightly down.
skis that the child with the red gloves is holding.
The ski equipment the little girl is holding on to.
the plane.
The female in the white shirt with reddish hair.
A woman in a white shirt that is holding a glass of beer.
A red truck with a blue light on the roof.
A large red and white vintage fire truck parked.
A glass of brandy next to another glass of brandy.
A wine glass, to the left of another wine glass.
#6's left ski.
back side of white car.
a white colour car.
A young boy in a black helmet riding a black skateboard with green and orange wheels.
A young man skateboarding wearing a helmet.
blue skateboard on right.
The blue skateboard.
The darker of the two cows.
The mostly black cow.
A woman standing in front of a birthday cake.
A lady is wearing a white baniyan and a coat is smiling.
the dog on the left.
pug dog on left side looking straight at camera.
The grey car to the bottom left, behind the meter.
A grey color car is parked behind the parking meter.
The zebra that you can only see one eye.
A zebra to the right of another zebra.
A man holding his hands to his face.
A man in a blue shirt and gray pants standing on a baseball field.
A white bus with number 628.
A National Express white bus in stop.
One of the young giraffes on the right standing in front of the other smaller giraffe.
A small giraffe stands looking slightly up in the sun.
Elephant on a stool and trainer next to the elephant.
An elephant on a table.
All of the pieces of sliced apple that are next to the red bananas.
Several slices of apple on a table.
a small piece of cake in the front.
An individual sized cheese cake in clear focus.
The knife in view.
A man in a red vest with a pair of skiis on his back.
Skier in red vest walking with skiis on his back.
a model is talkig.
lady in white shirt talking on cell phone.
Shiny dish holding white fluffy stuff.
The catcher.
a catcher kneeling behind the batter.
A yellow umbrella a tiny child is holding towards the sky.
Reflection of a shirtless man.
man brushing teeth.
a man in red riding a horse behind another horse.
A red robed man on a horse who is in the middle of 2 other men in red robes.
Stone soap container with a stainless steel pump.
A lotion dispenser in front of the shaving gel.
A white spiral bound notebook with a treble cleff and word Alabanzas.
A music book next to Spanish homework.
A giraffe that is walking away from a tree.
A giraffee walking.
The man in the brown coat that is wearing glasses.
man standing watching the woman.
second board on the left.
Multi-colored kite on ground.
The green, blue, red, orange and yellow kite is on the ground in front of the little girl.
vertical computer monitor to the right of other monitor.
The screen closest to the telephone and mouse.
The baby whose diaper is not shown.
baby with two hands on its bottle.
A blue and white vase.
A blue and white oriental vase.
the woman with curly hair and a pink top.
a woman wearing a pink top.
a cup of coffee on the right with a spoon next to it.
A mug on the right side of the table.
woman on right.
the woman to the right of the man and child.
A messy , single sized bed is shown.
The twin bed with the striped pillow on it.
The motorcycle behind the red one.
A black motorcycle parked next to a red motorcycle.
The suitcase whose handle is on the side.
Sheep looking out between a fence with part of their muzzle sticking through.
A white sheep looking through a fence with another sheep behind it.
the woman on the left.
woman to the left.
A dark red arm chair beside a plaid couch.
A large red chair against a room wall.
A man in red holding a green ski.
A man wearing a black helmet and red adn gray jacket holding skis.
A man wearing glasses holding a hot dog.
A man wearing glass with camera and burger in his hand.
A young man wearing a pink necktie.
Man.
A PERSON WEARING A BLACK AND WHITE STRIPED SWEATER.
A person wearing a striped sweater and a black beanie.
The bicycle of the officer who has his hand up to his face.
the bicycle that is partially obscured by the car.
THE LAPTOP WITH WHITE SCREEN.
A silver Dell laptop sitting on a desk.
a young girl in a striped shirt is eating lunch with her classmates.
A young girl eating her lunch.
slice of pizza farthest to the right.
PART OF A MOTOR CYCLE PLACED NEAR A MAN.
A mo ped that has a blue and white stripe on the seat next to a man.
the girl sitting at the table who is being served green beans.
A GIRL LOOKING HER FOOD SERVING MOTHER WEARING YELLOW T SHIRT.
the lamb looking curiosly at the camera.
A resting black faced sheep looking at the camera.
a green bottle in the middle of 3.
girl sitting in stripe shirt.
A woman wearing shorts sitting in a blue chair looking at an item in her hands.
The yellow and red apple with a face on it standing near a pineapple and an orange.
Apple with a face drawn on it.
the white contractor van on the far left.
a partial white truck that reads building and behind a red bus.
Doors of a bus with a woman in a blue and black jacket walking past them.
A tan and brown bus with its doors closed.
A woman seated at a table who is holding a baby and touching a cake.
A woman holding a baby, and touching a piece of cake.
A white bear walking.
a baby polar bear walking toward another baby polar bear.
A white motorcycle to left of another motorcycle.
A white motorcycle with one headlight being ridden by a woman with long brunette hair.
An infant crib bumper pad. Tan with blue, cream and brown spots.
crib.
A giraffe standing alone in front of two other giraffes.
Giraffe bent over pile of brush.
A little girl with a Frisbee in her hand, which is next to her shoulder.
A small girl holding the flying plate in her right shoulder.
A solid brown cow eating the grass in the pasture.
The cow eating the grass.
Brown car with sticker of star in rear window.
An brown SUV from Virginia travelling on a highway in the desert.
A blue, white, and green boat in the harbor.
Larger blue, green and white boat.
A tennis racket being held by a woman in a red top.
A red tennis racket.
elderly man with a wine tasting glass being held up infront of him.
An old man in a black shirt.
A man on the top podium with his hand on his head.
A man in a white hat with a gold metal.
AN ELEPHANT WALKING WITH PASSENGERS IN THE GRASS LAND FOLLOWING ANOTHER ONE.
The elenphant not in the water.
a white chair with a brown haired woman wearing a red shirt and blue jeans.
The chair that the woman with the purple shirt is sitting in.
boy wearing black shirt and blue jeans playing wii.
The person in the black shirt.
A bicycle beneath a woman in beige pants.
A yellow and red small plane with 1 on it's tail and ST-32 on its side.
this is an airplane with ST-32 painted on.
Stove with pot and skillet on it.
The farthest right oven.
The man in the red with number 10.
A football player wear red T-shirt numbered as 10.
The woman wearing the glasses.
a woman wearing black who gaze towards a display.
Green bus that seems to be broken down.
A blue bus.
A smaller girafee looks directly at the person taking the picture.
a baby giraffe, eating and looking in the camera.
the only apple that is touching a banana.
A apple in the fruit basket, toughing the banana.
a quarter slice of cake.
Black cat laying on its left side staring at the camera.
Black cat laying closest to the wood floor.
An officer holding down a perp.
A cop arresting a victim who tried to escape.
A pink flamingo grooming itself between two other flamingos.
The duck which bend his neck downward.
The skis on the man with white pants on.
A white bowl with peas and a spoon inside.
The bowl of green peas.
A woman in a blue shirt.
A girl with black hair on a computer.
A baby horse to the right of an older horse.
A young, small horse beside a much larger, darker horse.
Motorcycle Helmet.
the helmet that sits on the driver's seat.
A giraffe standing alone and looking at another giraffe.
The giraffe is standing underneath the canopy.
a table.
a zebra.
a zebra looking towards the camera.
The third skateboarder to the left.
A bus with a red, white, and blue stripe.
Th bus with red white and blue.
A panini with no purple onion.
A sandwich placed in the plate in middle.
kid that is running behind the two other kids.
a young boy in a soccer outfit on a soccer field behind 2 other soccer players.
Passenger train.
A red, black, and white passenger train.
A tennis player ready to swing his tennis racket.
Man holding tennis racket.
The sausage link that has a link on either side of it.
link sausages.
bench that is furthest back.
The bench nearest a tree.
A brown buffalo is walking away.
A wildebeest running behind the zebra.
a man in the black bick.
A man and woman on a motorcycle.
a woman is snowboarding.
A woman snowboarding.
a baseball player with number 10 on his back.
An Oriole player with a black hat and a ring on his pointer finger.
A big yellow ornament in a building.
The clock below the other one.
The boy covered in the blue sheet with his knees up.
The bed furthest away from the air conditioner on the wall.
An airplane parked with two smaller airplanes sitting in front of it.
A big airplane.
a red train on the tracks.
Red train on the other side of a green one with no passengers.
a man wearing a blue hat hugging a dog.
Darker version of a man looking at his dog.
The chair sitting at the 7 o'clock position, in the shade of the umbrella, on the bottom left.
The bottom left most chair that is almost completely in the shade.
A chair being sat in by an older man.
the chair the man is sitting in.
Black and silver laptop with 6 users.
the black laptop with 6 icons on the desktop.
The black and white creature on the brown surfboard on the left.
a girl wearing a pumpkin face orange shirt between another girl and a coach on a field.
a girl with orange tshirt walking to the ball.
Orange dog at the bottom of the pile with other stuff orange dogs on top of it.
Orange stuffed dog on floor.
A man in a white suit being fed cake by the bride.
The man in the white coat.
A man with a baseball bat in a field.
A man holding a baseball bat.
A man holding onto the the woman while his foot flies up.
the person behind the woman in the right hand picture.
A large piece of bread without any spead on it.
A large slab of bread with no butter.
A striped shirt and offwhite colored pants.
khaki pants and striped shirt of the biggest person.
Blue car partially out of frame on the left.
A car fading out on a street.
A zebra that is standing up.
the zebra with it's eye open.
a person sitting having lunch with friends.
The left arm of a person wearing a white shirt and blue shorts.
A female skier with skies winter clothes and beenie on, skiiing on a trail.
A woman looking backwards as she is skiing.
chair that is not blocking the plate.
An empty chair facing a bird on the table.
Baseball player wearing catchers gear and wearing number 23.
A man wearing a mit and baseball jersey.
a serving dish with pasta in it.
bowl on left.
The left side of a double parking meter with 0 time left.
parking meter that reads 0000.
Man in a black suit with white cuffs is bending over.
Half of a sandwich sitting right next to a drink.
leftmost sandwich half.
the chair on the far left.
First of four chairs on the left.
The first bed out of three in a room.
A bed that is not by the nightstand.
The bus next to the bus in the center on the driver's side.
A bus to the right of bus 1908.
piece of cake next to the fork.
slice of desert next to fork in lower portion of picture.
the train with the name the cathedrals express.
Train running down the tracks with people beside.
A brown cow standing on dirt.
A tan calf, wholly visible in the picture.
A GREEN DRESSED BABY USING LAPTOP.
baby in green outfit playing on computer.
BLUE COLOR BED WITH IN THE HAND BAG.
Bed with a handbag on it.
A purple footrest with a brown shirted man sitting on it.
The area the man in the brown shirt is sitting on.
a man wearing a white dress shirt fixing is red tie.
A man wearing a red tie and white shirt.
A Zebra standing up, looking ahead.
A zebra looking into the distance.
A person wearing a black and yellow stripped jacket.
skis on feet of man.
the skis that the right hand side person is using.
The giraffe is standing behind the tree.
giraffe behind a tree.
A woman holding up a plant.
The woman holding the broccoli.
The apples in the back row look fresh and ready to eat.
The fruit crate on the upper left of the group.
a child laying down watching tv.
The appliance to the left of the girl in the black.
A small oven is left side of the woman.
2 Giraffe heads.
The giraffe standing behind another giraffe.
A man in white shirt and black trouser ready to be served a cake.
A man in a black suit and white tie getting a piece of cake.
A cell phone which is on the left hand.
A large smart phone.
A woman wearing a white shirt and jeans.
woman wearing white shirt and jeans hold video controller.
The Everts Air Fuel plane to the left of the other planes.
A propeller airplane to the left of two other airplanes.
the yellow polka dotted kite.
A white kite with yellow dots on it, holded by a lady in blue dress.
Girl standing by herself holding an umbrella.
a lady with blue jeans and red top is holding an umbrella.
A young boy in a blue shirt holding tennis balls.
Ball boy in a position to through the ball.
2 links of meat on a plate.
Woman taking a picture with her phone.
A woman holding a cell phone.
the back of a black car next to two women walking.
A purple car driving down a busy road.
A large TV showing a Wii game.
BIG TV SCREEN.
Kite which is red in colour.
A large piece of breads sits under the cranberries.
large brown cookie under smaller ones.
The man in white with a baseball cap on leaning down to the ground.
Man in white shirt playing tennis.
red apples in the silver sink.
A sink full of freshly cleaned apples.
The plate that holds the sliced meat.
The man on the skateboard.
A man doing a trick on a skateboard.
A clock on a wall calling the time in Bac Kinh as 8:30.
The clock for bac kinh.
part of pizza which is top of left.
the top part of the pizza that is blurry in the right hand picture.
A man carrying a young girl.
A old man holding a baby girl near jiraffe.
The man in the blue shirt.
The man behind the truck.
The Blue T-shirt man is seriously making notes with his apple laptop.
A man sitting on the floor working on his laptop.
Woman looking at her phone.
A blonde woman, who appears dressed for cold weather and is busy on her mobile phone. She is carrying a large purse and behind her is the street with cars.
A empty brown chair sitting at a table.
A chair to the left of pizza.
A dump truck holding some sort of items behind two other ones.
A white truck with back cover along with other two trucks.
a gray suitcase sitting on the floor next to a pair of red shoes.
A silver hard luggage with both a white and a green tag on the top.
A man wearing a kangoo hat.
The lady on the left side wearing blue and white.
a man wearing a red shirt.
A man wearing a red shirt and blue bandana sitting at a table.
The laptop with its screen on.
A laptop with a spreadsheet displayed.
a man facing the net and two other men.
Tennis player alone on left side of the net.
A dog facing a blue cup.
The dog with its head nearest the table.
The piece of sandwich on the bottom left.
A toasted bread sandwich.
The zebra closest to the camera.
zebra in the front.
The woman to the left side of the photo wearing glasses, her hair is dark brown and is in a low bun, and she is handling vegetables, only.
The woman wearing glasses and wearing a blue shirt preparing food.
bird on left eating fruit.
THE RIGHT ARM OF A PERSON IN A BROWN COAT.
The player sliding to the plate.
A baseball player wearing a white uniform laying on the ground.
The black jacket of the blonde woman in the middle.
The asian woman in blue.
A person in a blue shirt.
The teddy bear with the red heart.
A white teddy bear holding a heart being held by the ears on a clothes line.
A man in a brown shirt sitting on a couch.
A man in brown looking.
Young man getting his tie tied.
A man in a suit getting his tie fitted for a special event.
LEFT PART OF METER #303.
parking meter turned to left.
A brown dessert item next to a fork.
piece of cake closest to the camera, bottom left.
woman wearing blue ski outfit.
A snowboarder in blue pants holds a snowboard on a mountain.
Girl sitting down in the kitchen cutting a cake.
Girl with glases cutting birthday cake.
A orange color bean bag.
A red bean bag on black shag carpeting with an animal laying on it.
The man.
a man in black patting the elephant.
a person in a black jacket with a grey beanie on.
A man in black ski gear in front of a man in red.
blue chair on far left.
Chair with a person in red and white sitting in it.
front legs of a mascot camel.
The front legs of a two-person camel costume.
A man in black leather with glasses holding his hand up.
A young boy with glasses acting fashionable and creative.
tropicana bottle.
An partial filled plastic container of orange juice.
A black train on the railroad tracks next to two blue trains.
the black and red train to the right.
A boy wearing glasses sitting at a table with his arms crossed.
A young man in a striped hoodie wearing glasses sitting at a restaurant table.
A toddler in a white and red striped shirt and green sweat pants walking towards a man with a frisbee.
Toddler standing in the yard reaching for an orange Frisbee in the man's hand.
Bed on the left side.
A little bed on the left close to the wall.
knife holster.
A poach for a knofe.
The red and brown chicken.
Dark brown rooster running across grass.
the right ski buried in the snow.
A small yellow teddy bear in a line up of other teddies.
a yellow teddy bear.
A man in a black shirt on the right side of the table.
man in black shirt.
A woman in glasses.
girl wearing designer glasses leaning against a man eating out of a round black plate.
A red commuter bus on a city street with a sign that says Plymstock.
A red bus.
A cat starring outside through window, with other can on its right side.
An orange cat sitting near another cat looking outside.
The close up of the pottery.
close up of the vase from the bottom picture.
The chef in the back washing his hands in the sink.
This is a chef washing his hands.
A laptop computer being typed on by a man in a burgundy shirt.
A black and silver computer with a man's hands on the keyboard.
A sunray beams on a wooden table.
PARKED BUS ON LEFT.
A bus with no destination displayed in its electronic ticker, behind a pole.
A man in a white shirt and jeans smiling.
The smiling man in white.
an oven that is black and stainless in a kitchen.
Oven in large kitchen cooking food on a baking sheet.
The red bag in front of the man on the right.
Backbag.
this is a sink below a soap dispenser with a red background.
Chair holding blue jacket.
A white chair with a blue and black jacket draped over the back.
The wooden chair in front of the table.
wooden chair.
the part of the table where the woman's hand is.
white part of table in front of person on left.
a horse without blinders on.
A horse that is standing on the right side of another horse.
elephant to the right with headdress.
The elephant that is not carrying a rider.
A young man lying in bed sipping a cup of coffee.
Man lying in a white bed drinking from a white mug wearing white pants and no shirt.
One of three lambs sitting near their mom. It has two visible light teal spots on its back.
The baby sheep that is to the left of his mom.
burger in the middle.
the one in the middle.
A man in a black shirt wearing yellow and green wristbands.
man with yellow bracelet.
A bowl full of granola bits.
A white bowl of granola sitting beside a bowl of yogurt, both behind a cutting board with a sliced banana on it.
The left half of a sandwich on a plate to the right of another sandwich.
The darker cat.
A black and white cat.
A box of tomatoes without plastic wrap.
A box of apple  beside the box of banana.
the large piece of pizza on the front white plate.
the pizza that on the plate without the cup on it.
The half of grapefruit on the right.
Full half fruit.
A stuffed animal being held by a little girl.
stuffed animal that the little girl is holding.
A woman smiling holding part of a green bag.
A woman in a blue shirt and dark jacket with her left hand on a gold gift bag.
A giraffe extending its neck behind another giraffe's neck.
A large giraffe to the left of two others.
A man kneeling with his hands on his knees wearing a black shirt and dark gray pants.
An umpire at a baseball game watching a pitcher throw the ball.
red color luggage bag in the right side of the image with girl child.
Orange and black suitcase with wheels.
A sheep standing by itself.
The sheep that is standing alone.
A young man wearing a black cap backwards.
A man in a hat, T-shirt and jeans jumping on a skateboard.
The jumping skater boy.
A man in a blue shirt leaning over to open the oven door.
the man in a striped shirt opening the oven door.
A slice of pizza separate from the rest of the pizza.
A slice seperated from the rest.
The man on the right side of the picture wearing a black uniform along with a naval hat.
Man on the right in a black jacket and white hat adjusting a medal.
peeled orange sitting on a white napking.
A peeled orange that has had pieces pulled off of it, sitting on a paper towel.
umpire.
The man in the blue shirt who has his hand on the catcher's back.
A dark snowboard being ridden by racer 60.
The snowboard of the person wearing number 60.
The plane that is fully visible.
a small white propeller driven plane.
The fat carrot closest to the knife.
The vegetable closest to the knife handle.
A zebra walking to the right.
zebra on right.
The grassy fern next to the potted plant.
A long grass bush.
A table with multiple plates on it, including a white cake with fruit.
The table and everything that is on top of it except for the people's arms.
The woman in the blue shirt helping the child spoon the cake into the cupcake tin.
A woman in blue.
The batter.
A boy playing baseball.
The device on the left.
piece of equipment on left.
A cream colored horse.
horse with white mane.
woman with chocolate donut.
A woman holding a chocolate doughnut.
Bed is under the Laptop.
The end of a bed which is not covered by the comforter.
A person wearing a black shirt with a large mouth on it.
male in a black shirt with long shaggy black hair.
man on the right hiding in bush.
a boy with brown hair is hiding behind a bush next to a man who is eating a banana.
A boy wearing a hand bag and holding up an umbrella.
A WOMAN STANDING WITH A MAN INSIDE THE UMBRELLA.
the surfboard being carried on the left.
White, orange and yellow surfboard.
a bird laying down.
Back of a peacock with it's head down at the ground shaking itself.
A picture of A happy man in black suite with tie and white shirt with gesture next to his own another picture.
Frame of boy pointing fingers.
A cow's ear with a circular tag.
an all black cow.
A girl playing tennis.
A female tennis player that is jumping to hit the ball.
A brown and white cow being head butted by another cow.
The cow on the left.
A WOMAN DOING SOMETHING ON KITCHEN.
Woman in pink standing at sink.
The leg of a person wear blue jeans and white shoes with blue stripes on it.
a denim clad leg with a white shoe that is resting on a chair behind a man on his phone.
player to the left of person on ground.
A child wearing a baseball uniform standing on a base.
A boy sitting in a chair.
A male in a tee shirt and shorts sitting in a chair with one knee propped up.
the male urinal on extreme right side.
The urinal on the far right.
A man eating without utensils.
A MAN EATING THE FOOD.
A tennis player serving and about to strike the ball.
A man is preparing to hit a tennis ball that is coming at him.
A long silver and red train.
Fast track metro train.
A woman skiing with her child.
A lady teaching a child to ski.
A giraffe standing straight up next to a tree and a rock.
A giraffe standing upright with its head raised.
The pile of broccoli nearest the shopping carts.
the stack of broccoli closest to the shopping baskets.
A boy with a black hair and a white game remote in his hand.
A man with more hair playing a video game.
The red and black stuffed animal next to the man.
A red and Black teddy bear.
A baseball player pitching a ball from the mound.
A baseball pitcher in the act of throwing home.
The front of a train with the numbers 70-079 written in white on the front.
Subway train number 70-079.
A woman tennis player.
A female tennis player preparing to hit a backhand.
Blue deck chair on wooden dock and facing to the right.
The blue chair to the left.
Elephant with all four legs visable.
An adult elephant facing towards the left and eating with it's trunk.
A boy in a pink helmet and orange shirt wearing pads and skateboarding.
a kid on a skate board.
A LARGE WHITE COLOR SOFA.
sofa closet to camera.
A man wearing a grey coat jumping on a skateboard.
The man in the gray hooded sweatshirt riding a skateboard.
A small girl in a pink shirt is holding multiple frisbees.
A girl wearing sunglasses.
The smaller elephant.
an elephant is walking through brush with another elephant.
A person wearing a watch, thumb ring, and purple shirt with hands crossed.
A person with a wristwatch and ring on their thumb holds their hands under a table.
purple tablecloth with flowers on it.
The dark red table cloth.
guy posing for a picture eoth friend wearing blue jeans and white t-shirt on a surf board.
a man pretending to surf with a white shirt on.
the blue umbrella in the foregroun.
the large umbrella.
the back of a girl.
The back of a woman with dark hair wearing a jacket and standing under and umbrella with a hand around her shoulder.
A man wearing a plain white collared shirt.
A African american looking at a small cell phone being held by another African American with a laptop on the table covered by a white sheet.
The smaller giraffe in the picture.
the front most and shortest giraffe.
The bench which the woman's sitting on.
A wooden bench a girl is sitting on.
The skiier with the purple jacket and yellow pants is between the two other skiiers.
Lady in purple coat and yellow pants.
Two giraffes with crossed necks.
giraffee facing camera.
A chili cheese hot dog next to chili cheese fries.
The hot dog with cheese on it.
A boy skiing with the number 56 on his vest.
The person in the foreground, the one wearing the number 56 on their chest.
Guy in a red tie wearing glasses talking to another gentleman.
A man dressed in a blue suit and wearing glasses.
A shiny bird preening its feathers to the right of three other birds.
A young black duck on the right side of the picture with its back to the camera.
A woman in white eating at a table with other woman.
A woman wearing a white coat and eating a salad.
Half a quesedilla at the top left.
a dark brown doughnut with three candles.
A giraffe, situated between two other giraffes, moving toward the right.
a giraffe closest to camera.
a black oven.
A built in oven above a cabinet.
A man in light blue polo shirt and white short shouting while playing tennis.
Tennis player on court wearing a light blue shirt and white shorts, looking like he is yelling at someone.
Player in red swinging the bat.
A baseball player in a red jersey at bat.
A zebra with its tail swinging up and to the right.
The backside of a zebra in the middle of two other zebras.
the wing of the plane with the bullseye.
Plane wings on unseen plane.
A man with hat riding a skateboard.
A man on a skateboard wearing a green shirt and red sneakers.
A Brown horse on which a lady with White shirt is riding.
A horse that is carrying a woman wearing a white shirt.
A very dark-colored banana is sitting on a white counter.
A banana older than the other bananas and laid out in a different direction.
a man with a camera.
A man taking a picture of a woman brushing her teeth.
blue color dressed man.
The umpire.
A white van.
White van.
man standing up holding wii mote.
Man wearing tan shirt with receding hairline pointing WII remote at game.
A ram with no head.
A sheep with its head down.
A young elephant standing to the right of another elephant.
The elephant on the right.
a man with black shirt is playing a game along with another people.
black shirt middle age man playing freesbee.
A large, white umbrella in front of two others.
Table umbrella closet to camera.
a surfboard near a girl resting on some rocks.
The surfboard leaning up against the hill.
A white sink with its circular metal drain visible at its center.
The sink furthest from the hair drier.
a woman in a blue button up shirt.
A WOMAN WEARING LIGHT BLUE SHIRT.
a black purse held on a woman's lap, who is riding a boat.
A purse held by an elderly woman on a boat.
Male legs with jean shorts and black and white tennis shoes.
legs in blue shorts and black shoes.
Stepstool.
STOOL.
a pink plastic box which is rectangle.
a dog with long hair.
A small fluffy dog with long hair that is lightly colored but with some areas of grey hair.
The arm of the brown sofa over the shoulder of the boy in the lime-green striped shirt.
The left arm and back of the sofa that you can see behind the boy in the green shirt with stripes.
A woman with a baby checking her cell phone.
woman in green hat holding child in red hat.
wrapped sandwich, second from right on bottom in photo on right.
A small gray elephant dipping in the water.
smaller elephant standing in water.
A yellow pair of skis being held against the ground by a man.
Ski in hand of man numbered 114.
a police bike behind of a boy.
the motorcycle.
beach chair on right.
The chair to the right of the left chair.
The blue plate.
A blue serving plate is decorated with food.
A red truck with white stripes, top removed, parked on a beach.
A red convertible truck with white horizontal stripes.
A man playing tennis wearing a brown shirt and white shorts.
A man with white shorts.
bulet train.
A red and silver tain on tracks.
a large peperoni pizza.
A pepperoni and cheese pizza.
table to the right.
White and green laptop being used by a man with a cap.
Tennis player wearing a gray headband and white t-shirt.
A male tennis player in white next to two other people.
An image of a black, tortoiseshell cat in the mirror.
The cats reflection.
Red potted flowers near the top of the stairs.
The plant with the red flower on it.
A covered drink in the corner of the yellow tray nearest the table edge.
A drink container on the corner of the tray.
The zebra that is bending down to pick up some hay and is behind the other zebra.
The zebra in the back that is eating towards the ground.
a man in a red shirt trying to catch a frisbee.
A man wearing shorts with the number 7 on it and about to catch a frisbee.
woman wearing turquoise top and glasses.
woman on far left side.
The large semi-truck is behind the traffic light.
White cab of truck.
Bicycle carriage carrying large white bags.
vehicle carrying two giant white bags.
a dirty spoon on a plate that someone finished eating.
The spoon.
A clear glass cake plate.
A glass with an orange on top.
a girffe looking at the girl.
A giraffe letting a child touch it.
the smallest of the kids.
the one with the black cap and white pant.
steel color bench in the front right side of the image.
The end of a bench that has a woman in a black and gold coat sitting on it.
Girl in pink jacket and gray pants on skis.
A young child wearing a pink coat and on skies.
The bird immediately above the armory.
The seagull that is in the front of the line.
A plane with the letter A sitting at the edge of the water.
An old boat plane in the water behind some men.
An older woman wearing glasses and leaning on a countertop in the kitchen.
a woman wearing glasses.
giraffe on the right.
A giraffe eating from the basket.
BLONDE WOMAN ON LEFT.
woman holding umbrella.
A vase with a $59 price tag on it.
The colorful vase marked with a price sticker.
the closest bench.
A red plastic cup holds a clear straw.
A glass of water on a table of breakfast food.
The side mirror of the car in the front.
A car's side-view mirror captures the camera taking the photo.
Food on the table.
A white Styrofoam tray with mini donuts next to a cup of coffee.
a person in a green shirt and white shorts.
man wearing green shirt.
A blue chair with black arms sitting in the corner of a room.
A blue and black computer chair next to a desk.
A man wearing a black jacket and baseball cap.
a baseball umpire running to cover a play.
the zebra with a neck on top of the other.
Sink next to tissue box.
The sink on the right.
A red and white checkered tablecloth is on the dinner table.
table the pizza is on.
A spare wheel in a rack that is nearest to the Aprilia.
A black tire placed on a red rack.
partial view on a woman's head.
a woman with a red shirt.
The man is showing off tricks that he can do with his skateboard.
A man doing a skateboard trick.
brown show on man with jeans.
The bike to the left of the other bike.
A bike in front of a man with orange pants.
The boat on the right, closest to the camera.
An average-sized sailing boat is docked at a full port.
A little girl skiing.
Small girl in a pink coat skiing.
horse on left jumping over log.
A horse with a white striped nose.
A man trying to protect himself from the umbrella.
Man with black sweater on with his arms out.
The middle person sitting on the bench.
small boy with short hair sitting in the middle of a bench.
hotdog on right side of plate.
the hotdog on the right.
PERSON WITH BACK TO OTHERS.
a man in blue and yellow plaid.
A zebra looking directly into the camera.
zibra.
There is aeroplane taking off.
The blue and white airplane.
A master chef guides in kitchen.
A chef with a smiled face starring at the kitchen.
the catcher who is in front of the umpire.
The Umpire.
A woman in a white uniform smiling at a cake.
A woman in a white military uniform.
A boy swinging a baseball bat on a field.
The boy swinging the bat.
A man walking away from a man who is talking on the phone.
The left shoulder of a man passing someone who just passed a man talking on a cell phone.
cow in a forest.
A doubledecker bus that is pink with the number 24.
The pink Double bus.
An older woman on the left is reading out loud.
A middle aged woman reading a magazine.
A soccer player in a white shirt heading the soccer ball.
The player in a white shirt.
A red chair directly behind a woman in a white shirt.
The couch behind the man with the orange Banamex shirt.
a full piece of green broccoli in a mix of vegetables, meats, and white rice.
Broccoli amongst rice.
The West Craydon X26 bus.
A red bus headed to west croydon.
The front of a white truck, a red car, and a pedestrian in a blue shirt.
Fat guy in a blue shirt walking.
A man with his feet up sitting in chair watching tv.
a man  was sitting on chair.
grey chair on the bus to the left.
A cake with donuts on it placed at the table.
bottom section of cake.
The zebra at extreem left with only front visible.
zebra on far left.
The mostly blue plane with the smiley face on the tail.
The plane with mostly blue paint and a squiggly brand logo, with the letters TUI.
wood chair with pink cushion.
The chair on the left.
The sofa was in white colour.
sofa covered in white sheet.
A little girl with a blue dress is sitting at a table between an adult and a little boy.
Little girl with blond hair wearing a blue dress looking down.
A man in blue shorts and a blue cap.
A man at a tennis game standing next to a wall with his hands behind his back.
Woman in cardigan with windswept hair.
lady sitting on bench with white color bag.
man on top of elephant.
A man riding the elephant and wearing a black vest and red shirt.
The bright yellow car.
A girl with long black hair holds a fork to her pizza slice.
woman next to the table eating pizza.
An otrich opening up it's feathers on a rock.
an ostrich cleaning it's wing.
The man with red t-shirt and eating burger.
MAN EATING HOT DOG.
A skier in green.
Skier wearing a green jacket and ski goggles.
An elephant standing at the edge of some water and tapping another elephant with it's trunk.
Elephant standing next to water hole with trunk on baby elephant.
A man in a black shirt with the collar up holding a tie.
Man in black shirt.
benchs on top of table.
There is a table with another table on top of it.
A leg and arm of a gray suit.
the person sitting just off screen to the right.
A skewered half sandwich with its other half between it and a glass of red wine.
Half of a sandwich to the right of another half.
A girl with a straight pony tail.
A girl wearing an arm less shirt standing behind the net.
Man in blue tshirt and black shorts.
the guy with black shorts in the right hand picture.
A man wearing a white shirt.
A man in a white shirt with two women behind him on a moped.
A person crouching on a skateboard mid-jump.
a person skateboarding getting some air.
A small baby elephant standing in front of others.
An elephant calf.
woman riding skiis with red kerchief tide to front of coat.
An elderly woman on skis with a red bandana attached to her clothing.
Black man in a grey and white suite with brown tie visible.
The man in the grey suit.
Female tennis player.
The tennis player.
lady with umbrella.
A woman with an umbrella.
Donut with chocolate frosting and sprinkles.
doughnut with chocolate frosting and sprinkles.
A light brown ram that is to the left of a black ram with curved horns.
A sheep stands in the background.
The hand is holding food.
The hand holding the hot dog.
A car in the parking lot to the left of all others.
A goods train is on the track.
A long train on railroad tracks next to a station.
a man is yawning.
A man in a blue shirt yawning.
A round clock tower face that is green and orange.
A large clock with a gold and black face shows the time.
The right part of a reuben sandwich.
a toasted reuben sandwich served with a salad.
An elaborate clock on a stage.
a clock on a tower.
A white bullet train.
White train with pointy red front.
A bowl of noodles with vegetables.
vegetable and noodle dish far left.
the phone in the middle of other phones.
the apple cellphone.
A white color dress women is standing towards camera.
the girl with long socks talking on the phone.
woman standing wearing pink shirt.
a women in the market.
A man in black trading with someone.
A young black man making a sandwich with his friend poking out from behind.
tree in planter next to stairs.
A batter in a navy top wearing number 23 swinging for a pitch.
The player smashing the ball in the baseball game.
older woman feeding the birds.
An older lady with a bag surrounded by birds.
knife on left on napkin next to pizza.
A knife directly to the left of a pizza.
A fat woman digs into a pizza all for herself.
A woman in a red shirt with a pizza.
the car parked next to the motorcycle.
A blonde haired girl watching another girl blow out candles.
Lit birthday candles with a little girl in the background.
This elephant is pointed directly at the camera and its brown.
elephant fulling facing camera.
A 4X4 truck with a topper, that has the gate down.
A man in white doing the home run in baseball.
A baseball player sliding in the dirt.
Donut with center hole and chocolate icing on top.
A doughnut with chocolate icing that is between a glazed doughnut and another doughnut with chololate icing and cream filling.
A mixing bowl holding a temperature sensor.
STEEL VESSEL NEXT TO THE LAPTOP IN THE KITCHEN AND IN FRONT OF SWITCH BOARD.
The front vehicle.
White Ford truck with an extended cab driving past parking meters.
A white truck.
The giraffe in the background that doesn't have a headshot.
The giraffe standing behind the other one, who head is hidden.
A table holding the mustard.
THE OVAL SHAPE COTAINS SOME  GRAVY.
a dish with a spoon in it.
Skis of kid posing with hands on hips.
Snow covered down hill skiis being worn by a child in a green jacket.
A black dog licking at a cake.
A black and brown dog.
A blurry person walking in the background.
A person walking in the background.
The coca-cola freeze in between the lady and a man.
A Coca-Cola fridge.
A white stuffed animal on the right of another stuffed toy.
A woman wearing red jacket with skiing stick on her left hand.
A woman in sunglasses wearing a maroon jacket holding skis.
The elephant in the middle standing on the ground.
Elephant at a circus propping up 3 other elephants.
A woman with blonde hair and a red floral top.
woman in red.
Picture of a smiling man with white squiggles thru his eyes and a white star pressed against his face.
A cardboard cut out of a young man's face.
White car parked first in the picture.
The front of a white parked car next to a bench.
A giraffe standing to the right of another giraffe.
The giraffe on the right is walking through the savannah.
Recliner to the right of the lamp.
The umbrella in the center.
A rainbow umbrella with all colors visable.
a giraffe is standing near two giraffes in the forest.
the right giraffe in the right hand picture.
A clock with the time 1:24.
a clock displaying Tokyo time.
skateboard in air.
A leopard print skateboard being pushed up by 2 feet.
Young boy riding in truck dressed in red shirt.
A young boy smiles while looking at the girl next to him.
A toilets water tank is old and dirty, chipped and broken.
Tank of the toilet.
The boat in the foreground which is only partially in the photo.
The boat which only has the tip of visible.
A white cake with fruit on top of it.
A cake with strawberries and whipped frosting.
A houseplant with a long skinny stem and some small green leaves on top in between two other plants.
A small tree with a bamboo like object.
the smaller zebra next to the bigger zebra.
A zebra in front of another zebra.
Thumb and part of the hand holding food, far left of picture.
A thumb of a hand holding a pizza slice.
man sitting on the right most side of the image.
a person with glasses and short hair.
Holstein laying on the ground.
A cow laying down in grass.
A man with a long hair wearing a black shirt and grey pant.
The boy in the black shirt lifting the skateboard in the air.
A silver remote in the left panel of the right picture.
right hand longer remote in front of sleeping cat.
A woman in dark clothing.
A woman.
the brown chair in the front on which cats is playing.
the brown chair in the front on which cats is playing.
man wearing a brown cowboy hat.
a man in a cowboy hat.
a boy violate color t shirt.
the boy blowing out the candle.
A beer which is standing.
A bear that is sitting up.
Horse on the left.
Donkey to the left.
The chair of the man with the bald spot.
a wooden chair being sat on by a man in the foreground.
The motorcycle that has no rider.
The waiting area to the right of the fron of the bus, with clear glass and green trim.
The sandwich on the right of the other two sandwiches.
bread in the right most side of the image.
the child smiling at the camera.
A little curly haired girl smiling with a cake in front her.
water glass closest.
a small glass half full of a liquid.
The closest man on the dirtbike.
The rider in the lead.
Guy on the left with a dog underneath him.
person on left.
Steel fork with decorative impressions around the edges and a glint of light in the lower curve of the tong area and the tongs pointing upward.
Dessert Fork on the brown dining table with knife.
A yellow duckling with its beak open.
A young, yellow duck.
Giraffe in front of other giraffe.
A small giraffe standing to the right of a large giraffe in a field.
A wooden bench shaped like hands holding a butterfly.
A large wooden carving of two hands holding a butterfly.
a man wearing a white shirt and blue shorts riding a bicycle.
A MAN WEARING WHITE SHIRT BLUE TROUSER RUNNING CYCLE.
table near woman in black.
a table used by a woman in a black shirt.
A man wearing khaki pants standing at the counter.
A man wearing glasses and tan pants.
A mouse on a stand.
a mouse not in use.
meat on middle plate.
the plate in the middle.
A large black bear walking in the grass.
a big black bear walking behind a small bear.
A woman wearing sunglasses and a checkered jacket and pink gloves skiing with friends.
The person on skis wearing the black and gray checked jacket.
man talking on cellphone.
A man holding a phone looking at a machine.
The gray couch that has the brown and blue throw pillow on it.
A beige colored couch that seats two people with a blue and brown accent pillow on it.
Donut with pink frosting and several small marshmallows in the hole.
A small donut with three marshmallows on it.
Woman in black top.
woman in the black shirt holding a cell phone.
A metalic chair is yet to be occupied by guest for lunch.
An unoccupied chair on the opposite side of the table.
A plain glazed doughnut.
a glaze donut on a white plate.
horse with green tie around its mouth.
the horse with the green halter.
A blonde dog standing next to the dalmatian.
small child in grey shirt swinging a bat.
A kid with a bat in his hand.
A bed next to the wall light that is not on.
bed on left.
A young man in grey shirt and blue jeans with apple mac on his lap.
Entire first man with the laptop.
The man with a towl on his hip.
man with the towel on his hip.
A woman in a blue shirt sitting next to a black dog.
A woman with a bright blue top is sitting at a table and petting a dog.
the horse in the left side.
Man in white shirt, back to camera, top center of picture.
A man wearing a white jacket with his back turned.
A zebra running opposite another zebra in a grassy field.
Girl in grey acket to the right of the others.
Wine-glass holding woman wearing shorts and grey long-sleeved top with black collar.
A bottle of Pinot Noir wine.
The pinot noir on the left.
Pink flowers in a green pot.
flowers planted in pot.
The backing behind the girl in the white top.
The back of the seat behind the long haired woman.
bird in the left most side.
a white and grey bird with its eyes closed standing to the left of two other birds.
bear standing on the wooden stand.
A black bear standing on top of a wooden structure.
girrafe furthest to the left.
First giraffe on the left in front of the fence.
A queen pole in road.
a statue of a woman.
Chair with visible back.
The person wearing the white shirt on the right side of the photo.
A man sitting in a white chair drinking from a juice box.
A man standing in the background with black pants.
A man standing the background in front of a door wearing black pants.
The fighting zebra on the left.
The zebra on the left.
a black pigeon facing the camera, standing next to another black pigeon.
a dove facing the camera.
person playing a video game.
Man with beard pointing Wii controller.
an empty black chair.
IKEA Poang chair with black cushion.
A little boy in a light blue shirt and dark blue shorts.
The boy in int he light blue shirt.
A man in a black hat walking in the snow.
A man walking in the snow next to a woman under an umbrella.
The black woman sitting next to the wall on a macbook.
black woman with braids wearing dark jacket and a white whirt with a white nametag on it.
A slice of pizza on a white plate.
Pizza slice on a white plate.
a cat on tabule.
cat standing next to phone.
An umpire that is behind the catcher and batter.
an umpire for a baseball game.
A person with gray pants and black shoes sitting at a red table.
A person sitting behind a red color table wearing black shoes.
Man in green long sleeved shirt with light blue denim pants.
A man with a beard playing the wii.
brown bed.
The couch the man is sitting on.
zebra closest to the camera.
Head of a zebra next to a sitting zebra.
A black laptop with a black and white display.
Leftmost laptop, with the black background.
A man wearing striped pants standing inside a bakery.
A chef wearing striped pants in a kitchen.
a man in yellow blazer with surfboard.
man wearing yellow jerkin.
Vase with small blue flowers.
a glass vase to the right of two other vases.
the legs and feet of the person holding the remote.
A person with a tv remote in hand.
The giraffe is looking up at the people.
A zebra looking up at a bridge.
A woman in a white jacket and grey sweat pants.
Woman wearing gray pants and white sweatshirt with a green laptop.
The forward most sink faucet.
The purse in the picture of the collage that shows the most purse in top right.
the rightmost bag.
A GIRLWAS SITTING THE CHAIR AND HOLDING THE GLASS TUMBLER.
a woman sitting at the table putting a glass down.
A green bottle of wine.
wine bottle.
The left half of a grilled cheese.
A cheese sandwich with melted cheese.
A man in a red jacket on skis.
The man with the solid red jacket.
The man on the left.
Someones legs wearing olive green pants and black shoes standing to the left of an animal.
A brown horse with a boy in a white shirt riding it.
the horse the child is riding on.
A black truck.
An old, black transport truck with a red wheel and bumper.
a wooden bench under a blue shelf in front of a man in a yellow shirt.
Foot bench in front of video game players.
A portion consisting of 5 slices of pizza that is in front of the man that is holding a cell phone.
Three pieces of pizza still together.
the cushions on the chair.
a sofa with pillos.
A woman holding a milk bottle to a baby's mouth.
A woman feeding a baby with a bottle.
western toilet on the left side of the room.
toliet on left.
the surface to right of cake under white bowl.
knife with brown handle next to a cake.
A dark brown teddy bear with a plaid bow tie and a tag on his ear, still in the box.
A dark brown teddy bear with a white ribbon around its neck.
Woman looking at a refrigerator with food in it.
The woman is wearing a striped shirt.
A very happy man fixing his tie.
a man with glasses adjusting his tie.
GIRL ON LEFT.
A teenage girl in blue jacket holding a cellphone.
A man with a black bag.
A man wearing a backpack walking in front of a garage door with graffiti.
oranges.
Threes orange slices on the right.
A man in white shorts with an event smock and dark jacket.
A man holding a grey umbrella following a woman.
A woman in a navy blue shirt wearing headphones and holding a tennis racket.
A girl in a purple sweater with a tennis racket in her hand.
backside of a balding man handing something to another person on a horse.
the man reaching up to the man on the horse.
A swan on a bench.
White pelican standing on top of a bench.
The vehicle behind the green truck.
The van directly behind the green truck.
The man in a green shirt listens to something on a computer.
A man with a green t-shirt.
A large grey cow with rope around its face.
A white cow laying down.
A baby lamb next to the mother lamb.
This is a lamb standing beside a larger sheep.
Two bananas situated behind two lemons and two apples.
Two bananas that is next to a lemon orange and apple.
The finger holding the string.
Finger at top of pencil.
The woman on the right.
the right sided tennis player.
A plain cheese pizza with four olives on it between two other pizzas.
The center pizza, topped with cheese and black olive.
Man in striped shirt.
A man in a gray and white stripped shirt sitting next to a woman on a bench.
The women in red.
The woman in red.
Tallest giraffe looking off to the left.
The left giraffe that's facing left.
A cat relaxing next to another cat on a sofa.
A grey cat facing the window on the right side of the other cat.
A lady is jogging on the pavement with tops and panties.
A woman walking by in shorts.
The white Car behind the man sitting.
A light color sedan in the distance partially blocked by a tree.
A person standing with a green jacket and a pink shirt.
A woman wearing a green coat and jeans, carrying a bag.
It is a picture of a clear dish with what appears to be candy in it.
A glass jar with frilled edges full of small Ghirardelli wrapped chocolate bars.
A woman in a black dress wearing specs holding sandwich.
a women hand in food.
The black lawn chair that has a piece of cloth hanging off it.
The chair on the left furthest fro the TV.
The reflection in a store window of the person holding the camera.
A person reflected in the window standing near the bench.
Baseball Bat held by player in Red Sox uniform.
Two bats being held together by two baseball players.
Man looking into the camera while posing with a clown drawing.
A man in a black shirt holding a clown cake.
A picture of a dark colored bench with the word Wynyard on it and a newspaper laying on it.
the bench with the word wynyard on it.
bowl of brocolli on the table.
A PLATE OF BROCOLLI.
A young grey cow in a pen with a red bucket.
A fire hydrant covered with bees.
The fire hydrant covered in bees.
An elongated blue and orange bag laying on top of a black suitcase.
a green and orange snack bag on a suitcase.
A baseball Player for The Torontos on the field.
A baseball player wearing grey pants, grey shirt, and a blue hat, on a Toronto team.
a white baseball bat, held by a person.
The white bat.
Small baby with grey sweater sitting on top of a rug.
baby on the floor.
There is one white color western toilet in the bathroom.
public toilet with the toilet seat down, slightly ajar.
Right side only of the white item beneath the table.
A man strumming an acoustic guitar  in front of the drums.
the smaller man who is playing the acoustic guitar.
A FULL OF FOOD IN THE PLATE.
A plate of food including scallops, broccoli, and rice with mushrooms.
A double's tennis player just hitting the ball in white t-shirt and black shorts next to his partner in blue t shirt and black shorts.
The man swinging the tennis racket.
the lady is sitting on chair, in one hand mobile and another hand mike is holding.
A female news reporter is sitting in a chair practicing her lines.
A man in black holding a cake serving tool.
A person dressed in black holding something in their hands.
A black sheep.
The black goat is on the right side of the white goat.
A MILK CAN NAMED AVENT HOLDING BY A BABY.
A baby bottle with the word AVEUT on it.
a girl holding a black wiimote.
A girl with a plaid shirt playing with a black Wii remote.
the biggest giraffe in the back.
Tallest giraffe.
a woman playing tennis.
A woman in black and white tennis clothes preparing to hit a ball with a racket.
dark maroon chair on far left.
A dark red chair.
The guy on the left wearing a beanie hat.
person sitting on sidewalk wearing white glove and knit cap.
A giraffe facing away from the camera.
A giraffe standing to the left of two others.
A giraffe that is closer than the rest.
grey color bike parked between 2 bikes.
A gray motorcycle between two other motorcycles.
The pink bench to the front right of the red bench the skater is on.
A smiling man wearing a yellow and black tie.
Smiling man with lanyard around neck.
A book titled Don't Make Me Think!.
A book entitled DONT MAKE ME THINK!.
arm of person out of the picture.
A person skateboarding on a half-pipe.
A skateboarder riding a pipe.
A woman sits outside dressed for skiing.
The skier sitting.
a red fire hydrant on the brick sidewalk.
A red fire hydrant.
A lady holding a cell phone.
Woman holding a cell phone.
A man with glasses and a black shirt which says Sleep.
A man wearing glasses And a blue t shirt.
A Giraffe who's neck at the back.
The taller giraffe is standing closer to the door.
A baby picking fruit.
A little girl plugging a APPLE from the tree.
A green plant that a black cat is looking through.
The flower Pot is kept on table beside the pot cat is standing.
the middle vase.
A large floor vase created in a spiral shape filled with white and pink sticks.
Ready to catch the Ball.
The catcher is behind the plate.
a toilet with black stains.
The toilet.
A plane labeled with PIA.
aeroplane.
A moped with license RJI4 31M 9305.
The middle bike with the license plate starting with RJ14.
A spoon sitting in a plate of macaroni and cheese.
The spoon inside the bowl with pasta.
a hot dog in the right hand of a woman.
The umbrella that is red and white.
White and red umbrella over the people.
A baby playing on a computer with her mother.
A little girl wearing pink.
The cow on the left.
the cow on the left in the right hand picture.
the book on the bottom of the stack.
the bottom blue book in the right hand picture.
The horse on the far side of the team.
A child standing at the ready in a yellow shirt with the number one on it in a black hat and grey baseball pants.
the player in yellow.
A chef putting food onto a plate.
A chef in a white uniform places a creamy food on white plates.
A man holding Wii game controllers and wearing a black suit.
A old man with strips suite playing video game.
batsman.
A baseball player with the number 26.
curried cauliflower near the toast.
A blue striped tie.
A blue striped tie.
A white pickup truck.
white pickup truck.
A zebra with its head to the ground.
A zebra with its head to the ground.
grey car on the right in the right hand picture.
A black car parked on the side of the road.
DOUBLE DECKER BUS FOR SIGHTSEEING.
'the orginal tour -double tucker bus.
The silver serving spatula on the white plate.
A brown and beigh couch in a lit room with a man sitting on it.
a tan sofa with brown pillows.
Some type of large structure, maybe a train, partially cut from the picture.
building with green walls.
A small white stool with a maroon cushion in a living room.
a white stool with a  brown cushion.
the carrots.
A group of fresh baby carrots.
A brown color chair.
the brown chair the person is sitting on.
A blonde woman wearing Black.
woman in black dress.
a man was standing.
a person ordering some food.
a zebra in left most side.
The zebra with his head out of the frame.
The toilet closest on the right.
There is western toilet placed first in first row from right.
A brown horse whose body is covered with dark blue cloth on which  BETFREL  is written.
The second horse on the left hand side.
a shirtless teen on a couch with his father.
A shirtless teen guy holding another man.
Sliced pizza that's not beeen eaten yet.
An elephant beside a woman with blonde hair.
An elephant taking bath in a river with a white blonde woman standing aside to it.
A brown leather couch in front of a fireplace decorated for Christmas.
an empty couch in front of a christmas tree.
a snow boarder.
man in black jacket snowboarding.
BLACK COFFEE ON THE TABLE WITH A PLATE FULL OF FOOD.
a white cup with coffee in it.
truck with hawaiianese street food.
The Hawaiianese Street food truck.
The zebra behind the other zebra in the cage.
Zebra in the background.
A woman sitting on a bench.
Women in blue and white striped shirt with red scarf sitting on a bench.
woman wearing pink shirt.
A girl in a red and white shirt texting.
A plant with red flowers.
A white truck with the word Swift on it.
a white moving van off the road.
a man in a green shirt taking a picture.
The person taking the photo.
a girl with a ponytail and a yellow backpack walks in the city.
A broken toilet sitting alongside another toilet.
toilet that is not connected.
the sofa on which the girl is sitting.
Green recliner in living room.
A bunch of bananas on the right.
a bald man in a black vest.
A red moterscooter.
Red scooter.
The umbrella of a person extreem left.
the umbrella being carried by the man with a backpack.
A bus with a red front is in behind a man on a bike.
The big red bus.
man standing with hoodie on.
The guy underneath the yellow letter in the background.
The solid white keyboard that the computer mice are on.
white keyboard white keys.
the table as well as everything on it.
Long light brown table with brown and orange cake on top and various things strewn around.
A man wearing a white shirt and blue tie.
Man in white shirt and purple tie.
The hot dog to the right of the farthest left one.
The second from the left hot dog.
A lady in an olive shirt.
A long-haired woman with glasses in a green-ish top.
Baseball player wearing the number 24 running towards a base.
Player 24.
A sitting chair with wooden arms, with a pillow on top of it.
A chair with a green pillow placed upon it.
A woman standing beside the rider and horse.
an elderly woman in tank tops and black shorts.
A hand quickly removing pizza from a plate.
Unidentifiable hand taking a slice of pizza from a plate.
right half of the open faced sandwich.
Slice of bread with toppings on right of plate.
Dark headed women holding the black phone.
A woman in a blue dress with brown hair holding a silver and gray phone.
A shirtless boy with black pants.
a boy with no shirt or shoes who is wearing black pants holding a yellow drink.
A brown and white giraffe next to a taller giraffer.
The shorter giraffe of the two pictured.
The Scientific American magazine.
Scientific American magazine.
a futon behind two boys.
colourful pillows in the right side of the image.
A pink motorcycle in a store window.
A pink scooter with a brown and pink helmet on the seat.
A balding man in a black t-shirt with a white name tag getting a piece of pizza.
A bald man with glasses is taking pizza out of the box.
A rail that a skater is doing a trick on.
A rail with a skateboarder riding on top of it.
A man throwing a baseball.
Baseball pitcher wearing glove and throwing ball.
A woman wearing jeans and a black shirt with her arms crossed.
A woman in a black shirt watches the horse.
boy in a blue jacket raising his hand.
child wearing the blue coat with his hands in the air.
A man standing inbetween two other men, wearing blue shorts, a red hat, and a white shirt.
A boy in blue shorts with tennis ball in hand.
the man is jumping cycle.
a man doing a wheelie on his red bike.
A striped tie slightly folded with a clip on it.
A tie being worn by a man.
a young man plays with a frisbee.
The boy on the right.
There is a Engine of a train in the middle of several railway tracks.
train labeled 48214.
Pastries on a tall white platter with blue detailing.
A raised white dish full of brown food.
a colorless glass.
A zebra between two other zebras.
A zebra with its head down in between two other zebras.
A young boy in a red hoodie sitting at a table with scissors in his hand held against his chin.
child with scissors.
A baby lamb stands near his mother.
A baby sheep.
Woman holding a controller beside the man wearing jeans and t-shirt in the living room.
A woman in a white shirt and blue tank top behind a man in a white shirt.
man on left.
a guy running in a black t shirt that says Queen Tour.
Person wearing blue socks.
The bare legs in the background with blue socks.
the side of a black computer moniter closest to the camera.
foremost pizza.
4 slices of cheese pizza.
Man playing tennis holding a tennis racket in front a green score board.
A badminton star with white uniform plays.
Dark purple nectarine near yellow tomato.
The darker peach, touching the tomatoes.
A glazed donut with yellow frosting.
The donut with the yellow topping.
Back of a chair with wooded embroidery.
London transport red coloured double decker bus with passengers is waiting.
A double decker bus closer to the cycle.
The man who is standing behind the woman.
man stands in road.
Snoopy coffee muh.
A peanuts Snoopy coffee mug.
left part of flower garden.
Red double Decker Bus parked on street.
A double decked bus parked in front of a bus stop.
Man wearing a black over coat.
the man wearing the black jacket and pants.
A chair that has a towel hanging on its back.
Clothing and chair that it is on.
A green lawn chair with a man in a red shirt sitting on it.
A chair with a red shirted man perched on it.
Baby sheep on the outside of a fence.
The light brown color sheep.
A black and white umbrella.
a black and white umbrella.
dell laptop.
Laptop closest to the green bag.
the red train in front.
A red and white bus train with the number one on the side is sitting next to another train.
A two decker red bus is parked between two other buses.
A red bus in between 2 other red buses.
A container with black stuff in it.
white glass bowl with a black dip.
The straight haired lady wearing a blue tank top.
Two girls smile at each other on a bed.
An women smiling while seeing laptop.
A woman in a white shirt with dark stripes using a laptop.
donut with sprinkles.
A raised doughnut with chocolate frosting and orange and white sprinkles.
Four brown train compartments.
An Asian person brushing their teeth, with a red, white, and blue shirt on, surrounded by four other people also brushing their teeth.
A young person in a red collared shirt brushing teeth.
A gray car parked next to the Baby Mooves car.
the grey car on the very left.
A small custom built airplane made from bare aluminum.
A silver plane with propellor, cockpit open, parked on the grass next to other planes.
A boy in a light blue shirt.
Young man in a light blue shirt who is speaking to three other boys.
A blue couch with a striped pillow on it.
A person wearing a black shirt.
Person in dark striped shirt.
A child in blue stands in skis on the snow.
the little boy with the orange helmet.
A brown colored couch up against the wall with a man sitting on it.
an empty table with a lacy white tablecloth and green chairs.
A table in a room next to another table with a man at it.
A woman walking in a black jacket and white hat.
The lady walking by a green bus wearing a jacket and a white hat.
A man standing in a brown jacket on his cell phone/.
A man wearing khaki pants and a brown sweatshirt looking at his phone.
Front facing airplane in the distance of the first black and white photo.
The black plastic bag in front that it tied on top.
luggage wrapped in a black plastic bag closest to 2 red suitcases.
This is a man in a black hat.
A person in a green shirt and black hat.
the leather seat that the little girl is standing on.
the seat of a motorcycle.
The horse behind the woman.
a dark borwn horse behind the woman.
train in the left side of the image.
longer train.
cow painted limo.
A jersey cow painted stretch limousine with  cow, pig, and rooster roof ornaments.
The pinkish toothbrush behind the others.
white and purple toothbrush in a marmalade jar.
The giraffe in the center of the image.
Baby giraffe.
TWO CARS ON TOP RIGHT PIC.
A book shelf.
man with arm around woman.
A man in brown pants and shirt skiing.
A man in a yellow and black jacket and brown pants snowboarding down a hill.
The snowboarder wearing the yellow jacket.
A bike covered in yellow stickers.
A yellow bicycle with a small white dog in front of it.
A green bus that is parked straight.
the green colored double decker bus in the middle.
the boy in yellow in the right hand picture.
A small boy on a gree laptop.
The white couch, immediately behind the wooden table with four white chairs.
Couch facing TV.
A flat screen monitor with icons down the right hand side.
A computer screen with a picture of a mountain scene and multiple icons on the desktop.
a woman slicing a pizza.
A woman wearing a pink hat.
A giraffe standing to the left of another giraffe that is beside a tree.
A baby giraffe stands close by to it's mom in a field of grass.
A boy in a red and white baseball uniform.
a boy wearing a red shirt.
An African American woman in a red shirt holding a cellphone.
girl wearing red shirt holding phone.
The man with glasses and not hat with a hawaiin shirt.
The man wearing the floral shirt and standing at the counter.
An opened toilet on display with a sparkly grey seat and cover.
A woman with an orange safety vest kneeling down opening a pet carrier in a small room.
A person in an orange caution vest kneeling down trying to close a box.
woman on right laughing.
A woman in black clothes holding papers, sitting in a chair, and laughing.
Part of the red tie that is draping over the right side of the mannequin.
red colored strip in the right side  in front of the stand.
A China Airlines plane with a pink flower painted on it.
An airplane ascending into the sky.
a filled chocolate glazed donut.
A donut with chocolate topping on it.
A thick slice of bacon hangs out of a cheeseburger with another piece behind it.
The bacon of a burger which also contains onions and fries on the side.
Your action of brushing is a joy for your friend. Soon tooth paste compainies will ask for you.
A man standing up brushing his teeth.
A omelette that is half eaten from a white plate.
The hash brown potatoes in the lower right quadrant of the plate.
A pizza in front of a young man, who is posing for a picture with a young woman.
A big pizza on a white plate.
Boy with blue plaid shirt and glasses.
Fair haired guy in dark blue/electric blue checkered shirt playing wii.
A woman in a red shirt hitting a tennis ball to the left of another woman doing the same.
A parking meter labeled number 32.
The parking meter labeled 32.
A CHAIR CONTAINING WHITE COLOR SEAT.
A book titled KAKARHU.
A story book with a bear on the cover on a table.
A woman in a black and white ski suit holding ski poles and skiing behind the woman in the red and white suit.
a brown and white horse on the left.
Horse that Man in red shirt and black hat is riding.
Man wearing bow tie holding black umbrella.
The man with glasses and a bow tie , holding an umbrella.
A baseball player swinging at a ball.
A baseball player hitting the ball.
A round shaped brown cake, only a small piece has been cut and placed a side.
cake with slice missing.
A hardwood floor.
A light colored wooden floor.
A man in a white shirt and black pants.
A man wearing a white shirt and suspenders.
A white and black kite.
the kite.
The man with one hand in his jeans pocket who is playing Wii.
The man in the white shirt.
Sandwich half that is touching the most French fries.
The upper piece of sandwich on the right side of the plate.
The elephant who is only partly showing.
A man is wearing a been thirty with yellow writing and blue shorts.
A man in a green shirt and blue shorts.
brown horse head with harness.
A brown horse.
A spotted horse harnessed to a cart, second from the left between other horses.
A horse straight to the person.
A sandal color designed pot under a flower pot.
A women with long blonde hair.
Girl holding wii remote who is not wearing a scarf.
Three suitcases standing upright with their handles extended.
Three rolling suitcases.
A broccoli piece in a bowl.
A piece of broccoli below two other pieces of broccoli.
chaise lounger under the man in blue shirt and khaki pants.
The loung chair that the man with his feet up and is wearing pants is sitting in.
A decorative artistic brown vase.
A tall wooden striped vase directly opposite of the woman.
giraffe with lowest neck.
A young giraffe standing behind its mother with its head bowed.
A kid wearing a blue hat holding a baseball bat.
boy holding a baseball bat.
two zebras chilling.
the back zebra in the right hand picture.
giraffe facing right.
BACK OF A BLACK NETTED CHAIR.
black computer chair.
The woman in a white shirt and short hair standing by the glass door.
The enthused woman at the far-right end of a line of four players joins in a Nintendo Wii game.
A small child in rainbow hoodie being held.
the child.
brown chair in front and on the right of a boat.
A tan wicker chair to the right of another chair.
a lady with a red flower looking down.
The woman with the flower in her hair.
The fighting bear to the left of a judging bear.
The middle bear.
The little girl in blue shirt holding the umbrella.
A young girl in a blue shirt holding a pick umbrella inside of a diner.
pizza on left side.
Two pizzas with one in front of the other.
A neatly made sandwich sits on a plate next to a messier one.
person holding end of banana with finger tips.
A hand holding a banana.
A little boy with brown hair in a blue shirt, smiling with a birthday cake.
The kid sitting on the chair infront of the cake.
blue bike in the middle.
A man on a blue motorcycle, in between two other people on motorcycles.
a sandwich roll.
A sandwich with a cracked bun.
A white keyboard beneath a monitor.
A narrow, white keyboard in front of a white Apple computer monitor.
Zebra facing away from camera.
The zebra is eating facing the wall.
The child in the blue shirt.
a boy.
A glass of beer labeled Boulevard, on a table.
A glass of beer that says boulevard.
Beer sitting near to the plants having white flowers.
A wolf sitting back of another wolf.
A woman wearing a grey hat.
woman holding yellow streamers.
A dark colored water glass.
a green glass in full next to a pizza pie.
A zebra leaning down to gaze some hay.
Zebra which is middle one is eating grass.
a skateboarder in a white tank top jumping.
A man crouched on a skateboard as he jumps over a red fire hydrant.
Slanted red bicycle leaning on a pole.
The bicycle leaning against a pole of a stop sign.
A picture of a grey and black cat playing with something on a tan carpet.
A grey and black cat on the carpet.
A man in white talks on a phone.
caucasian man wearing glasses talking on the phone.
A white loveseat with red a couple wooden cabinet drawers sitting on top of it.
Yellow couch under the dog.
A man in a Manny Pacquaio shirt viewing a tablet screen that is held by another man.
A man wearing a Manny Pacquiao shirt.
The piece of triangle cut fritter in the middle of the three.
Picture of a Giraffe.
A giraffe bending down to lick at a termite mound.
A rectangular bowl of rice pudding.
White rice in dish furthest away from the carrots.
A round donut.
The round donut.
A table filled with many beer bottles and glasses.
second luggage closest to right.
A greyish-black suitcase that is laying on its side with an orange ribbon tied around the handle.
White lamb on left standing on top of big rock.
A sheep on a rock.
A zebra eating to the right of another zebra.
the zebra on the right.
The woman in the pink dress.
A girl in a pink sparkly dress.
A toilet with it's seat down.
A western style toilet at the left side of waste bin.
Elephant with ears flapping out from its head.
the elephant with its ears extended.
yellow convertable car.
A yellow and black convertible car with an orange striped surfboard in the back seat.
A man in a black jacket.
man in black shirt flying kites.
A bunch of cilantro on top of mash potato.
Italian parsly on top of mashed potatoes.
A dog doesn't have a frisbee in its mouth.
the dog without a frisbee.
A man holding a steering of a video game sitting next to 3 other men holding steering of video games.
The man all the way in the back with the blue shirt.
A hot dog in a bun directly next to beans.
a hotdog in a bun next to the beans.
A giraffe bending down near flowers behind two other giraffes.
The smallest giraffe, looking down at some flowers.
the boy in the black t-shirt.
a boy with long hair wearing a black shirt.
The leg of a biker who is wearing red shorts.
Guy with red and black bicycle shorts sitting on a stationary bike.
A young child pouring water.
A kid with a black hat and glasses pouring water down.
man in an orange shirt with lettering on it and wearing a brown hat.
A man wearing a red and yellow shirt and a brown hat holding a remote and playing a game.
The kid with the yellow coat on.
baby skiing.
The back of a Mac laptop showing an Apple logo.
An Apple laptop being used by a woman with sunglasses on her head.
A giraffe standing behind the other giraffe.
a giraffe standing behind another giraffe.
A women in a green turtle neck celebrating while playing wii.
An women trying to throw something.
the white sofa near the window.
WHITE COLOR SOFA CHAIR WITH COVER IN THE ROOM.
the woman on the right in the right hand picture.
short-haired worker on right.
gray and black bird.
bird sits near a seashore.
Silver motorized vehicle back into a parking lot.
a white bike.
A bowl of yogurt with various berries with a spoon.
A bowl of yogurt above an extra-toasty sandwich.
A woman with yellow nail polish on her fingernails.
yellow fingernails.
A plane to the right of the other plane.
An airplane flies at a lower altitude than another airplane.
A white horse with its feathers split perfect into three.
a man in a suit sits and smiles.
A man withe a purple tie.
A white boat in water.
a white sail boat front on the water  with navy painting and a red floater on its side.
a monitor in between laptop and other monitor.
Computer monitor to the left of the laptop.
A cow statue with two other cows standing on its back.
a bull at the bottom of a bovine sculpture.
Yellow school bus, to the right of the blue and green bus.
A yellow school bus parked next to a blue bus.
A man holding four cell phones to his face.
a man holding multiple cellphones by his head.
The car that the person in the red and black striped sweater is driving.
The car the photographer is in.
A hand holding black scissors, cutting a computer cord.
hand holding scissors.
A woman on a bicycle.
A woman in red.
woman riding on back of a motorcycle.
Chopped up broccoli and light colored meat.
A container with chicken and broccili in it.
A baseball player wearing a white uniform with the blue number 6.
A baseball player about to receive a thrown ball.
A man who is sitting down in a chair.
A young man wearing grey jacket sitting on a chair.
the whole ship that has a green tarp.
The large brown ship covered in green fabric with ropes leading to mast.
A picture of a woman in a red longsleeve shirt with a black overshirt holding out her hand.
A woman wearing a black knit hat.
A boat named 'Royal Escape' holds a bunch of balloons.
The boat with balloons tied to it.
the donut on the bottom of the stack.
The bottom two slices of bagel.
A lady wearing white dress putting a ring to a man.
woman in wedding cermony.
the dessert covered in sauce.
The food item on the dish infront of the camera.
a man and women was sleeping on bed.
the man that has his head up.
BLUE COLOR HAND BAG IN THE TABLE.
A very small blue item that is sitting on top of the foundation makeup.
The parking meter furthest from the front of the white truck.
This parking meter is on the right side in the image.
A baseball player holding a ball in his right hand.
a baseball pitcher for a team called couthern.
A black menu sits on a brown table next to several drinks.
A brochure on a table with wine glasses.
White and brown horse with someone on it.
brown and white colored horse with its head tilted to the left.
Black face mask of catcher.
catchers face mask.
Smaller of the two cases being pulled on the ground to the left of the larger one.
Black snowboard with some snow still on it.
The black snowboard.
baseball player holding black baseball bat.
A man in a white baseball uniform holding his bat behind his shoulder.
a little girl wearing white shirt and green bottom.
The little toddler standing up.
Woman crouched near brown cow.
The mom is holding the toddler so they can look at the cow.
the bowl on the right with the red and white stuff in it.
A bowl of yogurt with strawberries sitting next to the frypan closest to the eggs.
A white and green train.
The train without yellow markings.
The black and white dog in the top right picture is on his back legs.
A brown floral pillow on the sofa.
Black couch with pillows.
A homemade pizza must include mozzarella cheese!.
Pizza with cheese on top.
A woman with a blue hat talking on her cell phone.
A woman in a bright blue hat wearing black winter clothes.
There is one person wearing black dress looking at the batsman.
A home plate umpire.
A women in purple squatting down.
A woman smiling and wearing a baseball cap with sunglasses on the cap.
Plate with donuts coated in sugar.
The leg of a man sitting down behind the hotdog.
A group of zebras grazing in the background.
A zebra in the background amongst other zebras and animals.
a man wearing a detroit baseball uniform dropping the bat after a hit to run.
The Detroit Tigers batter who has just dropped his bat.
A black man with a moustache wearing a red shirt.
A man in a red baseball cap holding a baseball glove.
brown couch in the back side of the image.
An olive green sofa with people seated on it.
A brunette woman sitting outside and smiling at a man sitting next to her.
A woman sitting.
A woman wearing a black shirt and gold hoop earring.
A lady with her fingers pinched.
the seat between 30 and 28.
front most batch of flowers.
rose colour flowers available on the building.
Duck that is between two other ducks.
white Duck behind the main white duck, facing away from the camera. slightly blurry.
A chair leg pictured to the right of a woman holding a bananna.
A white lawn chair next to a chair with a woman sitting in it.
A baseball catcher wearing a mitt catching a ball.
a catcher holding up a catcher`s glove.
Car parked in the parking lot next to the green sign.
A woman in a blue shirt sitting next to a man.
a woman in blue top.
R train on right track.
the woman in the right hand picture.
the woman in the right hand picture.
The green chair.
Chair in the corner of the room with pillows.
Yellow and orange cat on the couch.
The orange cat.
Th glass of water.
THERE IS ONE GLASS ON THE TABLE.
Bowl of oatmeal without spoon.
A bowl of grits without a spoon.
yellow umbrella in front of another yellow umbrella.
An african american man wearing a suit shaking a white man's hand in front of a Shepherd truck.
A dark skinned man in a black suit standing next to a large truck.
van covered with snow.
A car parked in it's driveway with snow covering it.
A black and white zebra to the left of another zebra.
The zebra on the left.
A young in a hat, doing an ollie on his skateboard.
a guy jumping with his skateboard.
a girl in the camera.
Asian little girl sitting down with a camera.
a chair for the computer.
Black and silver chair.
A sheep hiding its head.
A group of goats standing in some grass on a hillside.
Pieces of broccoli in a dish.
The pieces of broccoli in the middle of the dish.
the smallest of the green pots and the greens above it.
A section of the bush right above the smallest pot.
rightmost elephant.
the first elephant from the right.
A MAN HOLDING A COLOURED UMBRELLA AND SHOWING DIRECTION TO SOMEONE.
A man with sunglasses wearing a rain poncho and holding a flowered unbrella.
Crabmeat in a box with other vegetables.
The orange and white objects.
A black suitcase with handle extension.
A TRAVELLER BAG NEAR THE RED COLOR TRAVELLER COLOR BAG.
The little boy with the white frisbee.
A boy with orange and blue shorts.
Man with red shirt on holding up a skateboard.
A man in a red shirt and plaid shorts.
A giraffe standing up.
A giraffe standing up leaning its head and neck down.
The rooster that is next to the gourds, that is facing towards the right.
rooster standing next to green round fruit.
couch with computer in the right hand picture.
yellow couch and wireless mouse.
a black car on other side of street.
black car.
small black rim monitor.
The monitor on the right.
This is a silver Triumph motorcycle with black wheels.
a silver Triumph motorcycle.
A black and white zebra standing on the grass next to the road.
A zebra is standing to the left of another zebra in a grassy area.
A table with plates on it that is not near the lady.
Pink container with tomato  and broccoli in it.
A broccoli and cauliflower salad with turkey rolls and tomatoes.
a small boy wearing grey sweater is on a bed with his mother.
A girl wearing a gray sweater.
The left bed by the window.
A man lighting a cigarette.
a man in a coat lighting a cigarette.
pot with plant.
a thriving plant is on a stand on the right.
A running zebra facing forward with another zebra running behind it.
Zebra running in front of another zebra.
a truck with an empty flat trailer.
An eighteen wheeler flatbed whose front is not fully visible.
a baseball player to the left of three other players.
the third parson from the right standing behind the player.
a white bench with a little girl standing on it.
A vintage white bench with a little girl standing on it.
The green loveseat.
Green sofa.
white table that boy with blonde hair is utilizing.
a table with a pizza box.
laptop computer both people are staring at.
silver laptop the people are looking at.
A man with a beard looking at the woman with a camera.
A bearded man with dark clothes on.
The toilet on the right.
This is a commode on the right side at the bottom of steps.
A child playing with baby bears.
A woman sitting with two young bear cubs in her lap.
animal in middle.
A picture of a man in black shorts and black shirt swinging a tennis racket.
A man holding a tennis racket.
Several oranges in a basket.
All of the citrus fruit that is in the basket.
motor bike on right.
The motorcycle with the jacket on the rear seat with red bodywork n3ext to the car.
a bowl of carrots and peas.
Bottom bowl of carrots.
a woman in her thirtees wearing light ash color dress making announcement.
A woman in brown is holding two wii remotes as she moves to play the game.
Man in white and red tank.
A man in a sleeveless shirt.
A man in a blue Navy uniform stirring inside a silver pot.
a person making cake.
the white car with its hood open.
A white truck with the hood up.
A man in brwon t-shirt standing in skeate board.
A tiny tiny man on a skateboard.
The boarder in the middle.
a person in a white and beige jacket.
A young man in a black snow suit standing on the winner's podium after a ski race.
A man holding up two skis and his armed raised.
person with a pink band on hand.
A gray bag is on the mans lap.
A briefcase sitting on the lap of a man using a yellow cell phone.
a metal structure with two birds standing on it.
The white area behing the gray boats motor.
a man wearing a red shirt is standing on the corner.
A man with a red t-shirt and blue pants standing at a street corner.
man left top.
the man in the back with just the shoulder and down showing.
HUGE BAGAGE ON BACK OF A LADY.
a blue backpack being wore by a woman.
A batter.
A baseball player holding a bat.
The person pointing.
A woman holding a slice of pizza.
a silver fork to the inside the left side of a hotdog that is on a plate.
fork on left side.
woman holding a slice of cake.
There is one girl wearing white shirt holding a plate in her hand.
The elephant that is fully visible.
elephant in full view.
THE INSIDE OF AN EMPTY SUITCASE.
inside of black suitcase.
The zebra with its head down.
The zebra with its head down.
A gray minivan with a log on the side, located to the left of people on a motor scooter.
A silver van parked off to the left of the road.
the pepsi with the lid still on it.
pepsi with the cap on.
the rhino doll.
The stuffed rhino.
man sitting on ground in white coat.
man with tan jacket.
A lady in blue dress sitting in front in the roller coaster.
A woman in a blue tank top in the front of a roller coaster car.
A red color backpack.
A red backpack is worn by a person going skiing.
A pontoon boat.
A boat with several people aboard.
black bag on luggage carousel.
A black, soft suitcase on a baggage claim conveyer belt in an airport.
Person in white shirt with a red stripe on the shoulder.
teenager wearing a white shirt with a red and blue stripe.
A chair with boxes on the seat.
brown wooden chair in the back with cardboard boxes sitting on it.
A man wearing a white shirt holding is thumb up.
A man in light colored shirt and shorts holding his hand out.
It is the middle vase amongst three with a handle on top.
The jug to the right of the glass planter.
a woman is fixing a man's tie.
A person in black helping a man with his shirt.
A brown and white cow looking at us with a visible ear tag.
Hey Kyle with an ear tag of 300690.
Female wearing a blue shirt under her orange shirt and standing closest to the passenger door.
woman in blue undershirt.
The sheep closest to the fence.
black faced sheep laying down.
a man play the bass ball.
Baseball player in white clothing, swinging at ball.
phone on the left.
a flip top cell phone to the left of another phone.
the boy in the yellow t-shirt.
Man on left holding a green and red tennis racket.
A baseball player whose number is 55.
a baseball catcher.
A yellow bear holding a red heart next to a white and black bear.
A yellow beer with a big red heart in front of him and he is sitting next to a white and black stuffed animal.
The train to the right of the black locmotive, three men, two standing, one sitting.
Silver train car with man poking head out through open doors.
left hand person.
Woman wearing a black dress.
Two dish towels, one blue and one striped, hanging on the front of a stove.
Two blue dish towels.
A skateboarder performing a tail grind.
a boy skateboarding.
A white cow is behind a brown cow.
A cow with a white head peeking over another.
the man in blue jeans behind the player.
person sitting on top seat of stands.
A red and white train on the train tracks.
red train in back.
The man is standing looking down.
The man in the black shirt.
A child in a blue shirt sittinf in a chair.
little boy wearing blue shirt sits in a computer chair  on a laptop computer.
A table with a lap-top computer on it.
a black table with a black laptop on it.
A dark-haired man walking down the street and looking at his cellphone.
A man in a black jacket looking down at a phone in his hand.
Boy using a digital camera.
A man in a blue shirt holding a camera.
A woman walking in the rain with a red umbrella.
The person walking down the street with the red umbrella.
A suitcase to the left of three other ones.
The suitcase on the far left.
A grey car with four doors heading towards the viewer.
A gray car to the left of a stop sign, further in front of a green truck.
The giraffee eating leaves near zebra.
The giraffe who is behind the zebra.
A chair on the left of the table.
The first empty dark wood chair.
Girl in green on the left.
A girl with a yellow dress that is smiling and looking upward.
a delta airplane on runway landing.
A Delta flight touching down.
The black piece of luggage sitting on the ground next to the green luggage.
The small black suitcase.
an umpire in a black shirt and gray pants.
An umpire in a black shirt behind a catcher.
Beige armchair next to a white door.
A chair in a living room.
the floor reflection in the mirror.
A black truck sits slightly beyond a stop sign.
truck on left.
the baseball bat that is in the back.
The bat in the back of another bat that is making an X.
The blue bike leaning against the other bike.
Blue bike with basket on it and fanny pack in the basket.
The sofa behind the man sitting on the floor.
The sofa behind the guy sitting on the floor and working on a laptop.
This is a chef cooking a pizza.
The man holding the pizza peel.
A wine glass with red wine in it, directly in front of a dark skinned woman with black hair in a black dress.
A little boy in a blue shirt standing in the grass, looking up.
The kid wearing blue T-shirt in between two people.
the motorcycle by the standing man.
A motorcycle with its headlight fully visible.
benches behind the horse.
An empty bench with napkins on it.
A hospital bed that isn't made and has a phone on it.
A bed with a phone on it.
A LARGE AIRPLANE BEING BOARDED.
Large white plane that is unloading.
The female player wearing all white clothes that don't have a blue stripe on the shorts.
A tennis player behind a net.
Two oranges on the right of a plateful of more oranges.
red and white striped cloth.
The front portion of a camping table that goes to a striped towel.
couch under mirror on wall.
A long couch with towels on the seat and a blanket on the back.
An animal in the ocean leading the pack.
The elephant that is walking in the front on the right.
Shredded cheese in a bowl of food.
A mound of shredded carrots.
A catcher rushing to make a play on the ball.
the catcher who just threw his mask.
A college student's PC Keyboard.
A keyboard of the Apple brand computer kept on a executive table.
A television turned on to the news in an office space.
TV in a working room.
Woman paddling on surfboard.
A smiling woman on a surfboard.
A couch with people sitting on it.
A couch on which 3 people are sitting on.
the plane in the lead.
A white fighter jet flying in the lead of three fighter jets.
A white and blue boat docked in a marina.
A white boat and blue boat sitting at a dock.
The table with all the food on it.
A person in a maroon vest.
Man in maroon vest jacket kneeling down over a suitcase.
woman standing in front of sign.
A women looking at the water.
A zebra showing its back portion eating a grass.
A zebra eating and facing to the right.
The legs of someone who is wearing grey colored pants, next to someone wearing brown pants.
A boy wearing a colorful striped shirt holding out a toothbrush and a cup.
Boy in striped shirt holding cup.
the white cup  in the background in front of the darker cake with the white frosting.
A white container near the cake.
horse on right bottom.
horse on the far right.
A wooden chair nearly hidden by a young man in a light colored shirt.
A dark brown wooden chair sits in the background to the man's left.
A cow standing in high grass wearing an ear tag with the number 342.
Cow with a number 312 on a tag on its ear.
Little girl about to throw a baseball.
boy with baseball glove.
The skis sticking out behind the orange jacket.
Pair of gray skis close to smiling man.
the man sitting on the couch with a orange and white shirt.
A man in a striped orange shirt sitting on a couch.
donut with purple frosting.
A fabric donut with purple frosting.
The left half of the sandwich on the plate.
big bread piece.
A blue designed umbrella is opened.
A light blue umbrella with a flower pattern on it being held by a main wearing glasses.
Wooden chair with a man in a blue shirt sitting on it.
chair under bearded man.
Man with a glass of white wine.
man with blue suit and polka dot tie.
black wicker back chair behind a man in a green shirt and jeans taking a photo of the landscape.
A woman in black eating food.
A woman eating a hot dog with mustard.
The butter knife to the right of the plate.
The gray jacket on the chair behind the table.
A chair with a grey coat wrapped around its back.
A black and white cow looking to the right.
A cow seeing right side.
Boy wearing red hooded sweatshirt.
A little boy wearing a red hoodie.
A brown and black tabby cat.
A cat with a long tail watching a cat eat.
An orange decorative umbrella.
A yellow colored decoration on a pole.
Plate of food and water cup plus plants on table too.
A table in front of the man.
woman wearing a tennis racket.
woman with tennis racket.
A baseball player hits a ball with a bat.
A baseball batter hits a ball.
a woman with blue face paint is standing behind lady who is texting.
woman with blue sash on shoulder.
The person closest to the wall.
person on far end of couch wearing white tshirt.
A gray shirt on a man.
An elbow of a person in a green shirt.
A huge elephant with a trunk.
The largest elephant.
Stacks of bannans in a basket of other fruit.
The two sets of bananas on the left.
A white colored laptop with a dark display.
A laptop being used by someone on their cellphone in a large room with other people.
The main and back of a zebra in the back.
a 3/4 full glass of coca cola with a lemon.
Glass of dark liquid to the left of the pizza.
WASH BASIN.
A white big bowl bathtub next to a rubber ducky.
The suitcase that the child is lying down in.
A kid in striped pajamas in a suitcase.
Horse directly next to woman in bride's gown.
the horse directly next to the bride.
A small black and white striped zibra standing opposite face direction.
A zebra standing in between two giraffes and another zebra inside an enclosure.
A little girl.
A little girl sitting on a woman's lap.
women under the umberall.
a woman under an umbrella.
A man in a blue jacket and green and white tie standing at a counter ordering food.
A man with a green striped tie.
A giraffe bending down to eat.
A slice of bread covered with sliced boiled eggs and tomato.
a sandwitch with eggs.
A SCOOTER IS PARKED BETWEEN ANOTHER SCOOTER AND A CYCLE.
A grey scooter rests on its kickstand in the grass.
a pizza on tabule.
Table above donut.
The table above the pastry.
A purple sweatshirt and blue jeans.
a man wearing blue jeans.
a man wearing a black sweatshirt playing a video game.
The mand in the black hoodie.
A catcher wearing a white, gold, and black baseball uniform crouching behind home plate.
a giant teddy bear.
big bear on left.
A woman in blue holding a little dog.
a woman in a blue jacket playing with dogs.
A lamb under its mother, nursing.
A baby sheep getting milk from under it's mom.
The person wearing blue coveralls and a red hat.
man in blue with his hand on a brown suitcase.
Cooked hotdogs ready to eat with tongs to pick them up.
A white serving tray with hot dogs lined up in it.
Black snowboard with tree tops sillouette.
The snowboard being held by the person in grey.
black woman with an umbrella.
a barefoot Asian woman holding an umbrella.
A brown and white horse with its eyes closed.
Brown and White horse tied to a fence.
A beige suitcase is packed under a black suitcase.
A piece of checkered luggage in a luggage cart in a restroom.
A yellow striped cat makes a silly face, which is enlarged in the corner of the picture.
the face of the cat which is animated.
a small yellow school bus.
A smaller school bus beside a big school bus.
A women standing in center of attraction.
the woman in grey in the right hand picture.
back of woman in white.
a women wearing the white colour shirt.
The woman in blue jeans.
a woman wearing blue jeans in a kitchen.
A blue and white airplane that has the letters RA on the side.
A blue air-jet on a park.
The backside of an elephant besides another in a lake.
The man at the bottom of the escalator.
A blurred image of a man wearing black clothing on an escalator.
Someone is sitting on a stool.
person on right.
A lady is facing camera.
The lady is wearing a formal outfit.
an adult sheep with dirty curly wool.
An adult sheep leading her baby white sheep.
A baby animal staring at the camera.
the back of the bed.
A green, white, and brown satin headboard is against the wall.
a man in a white jersey.
a cyclist in a green, white, black, and red uniform.
Large elephant in the foreground.
The elephant whose tusks are showing.
A man in a pair of black shorts and white shirt playing a game of frisbee on grass with trees in the background.
A male in a white top and black shorts.
A canvas tote bag.
The bag being held by the woman in a pink dress.
giraffe with head bended by the pole.
The giraffe to the far left.
Man in hat.
A man wearing a straw hat, blue striped shirt, and glasses.
A young zebra running in between two other zebras.
The zebra in the middle of the picture.
A sandal colour teddy bear in between the other two teddys.
a stuffed bear between two others.
The half of sandwich to the left of the french fries.
Sandwich made with white french bread.
table closest to camera.
The table on which the wine glasses are presented.
A person wheeling their bicycle up a ramp into a small garage,.
A person wearing a scarf and skirt, rolling a scooter up a narrow ramp into a small storage facility.
A black and white cat sitting on a counter next to a bunch of bananas.
black cat sitting on table next to bananas.
The black motocycle is parked next to the silver scooter.
A black motorcycle.
The empty end of a park picnic table.
A black pinic table behind some kids who are seated at another one just like it.
Man in sailor cap.
Man at a party standing in the restroom with a female.
The keyboard in front of the cat.
a keybrod on tabule.
A person wearing a grey shirt with an image of a bear surfing.
The person with a bear on their shirt.
the half part of the sandwich nearest to the carrots.
The bottom half of a sandwich packed in a lunchbox.
A MAN WEARING THE RED COLOR DRESS IN PLAYING THE GAME WITH FRIENDS.
A young man in a red tshirt with very short hair and a thin beard playing a Wii video game.
A man riding a skateboard.
A man in a red shirt.
A man wearing a blue shirt.
man wearing a black shirt.
cow walking behind a man.
A white ox who is the left of a pair of oxen.
A man and woman sitting on a bench.
a man holding a woman's hand.
a hand of a person holding the cone , with a giraffe and a little girl.
An arm with red on holding an ice cream cone.
the computer screen with the image of the dinosaur.
television with a raptor on the screen.
APPLE IN THE GLASS BOWL IN THE DINNING TABLE.
The bowl with the red potatoes in it.
The duck furthest from the fence.
A fluffy duckling with a brown back and yellow chest to the right of two other ducklings.
The leg of the adult giraffe.
A single adult giraffe leg to the left of an infant giraffe.
A dark shadow is in front of two birds.
A white woman wearing a green shirt feeding a giraffe.
A woman feeding something to a giraffe on her palm.
A woman's legs standing crossed in black pants with white shoes next to another woman.
A fuzzy picture of a female wearing white heels and black pants.
a man wearing a blue tshirt & catch the plate.
A jumping boy in a blue shirt and khakis.
A father holding a cell phone with a toothbrush in his mouth.
A man holding a camera and a baby with a toothbrush in his mouth.
Smaller potted plant above red sleeve.
Plant in the background behind the arm with the red sweater.
THE GIRAFFE BEHIND THE small giraffe.
a TV placed on a  TV stand  which is on.
the television.
Woman on the left.
A woman with long brown hair and a silver watch.
A man in a green tank top and blue jeans.
Man in green tank top and blue jeans.
A pretty woman with silver hoop earings sitting on a motorcycle between her two friends.
A woman sitting on top of a motorcycle.
A couch covered by a white sheet.
The couch on the left covered with a sheet.
The elephant with his trunk down.
the right most laptop.
A laptop with no one using it, with multiple windows open.
the left couch.
Man in cloak and old garb on top of a white horse.
A man riding a horse next to woman with lantern.
screen with map.
The laptop that has the picture of the United States on the screen.
black car behind boy in blue.
black suv behind the boy.
A bed.
The bedspread.
A gray color car is on the road.
A black car parked along the street.
It is a grey two door sports car.
A car that is being towed.
The giraffe on the far right.
A giraffe on the right of other giraffes near tree stumps.
A woman wearing a large earring.
a brown haired woman wearing round earrings sitting next to another woman on grey laptops with a coffee decanter in between them.
A spotted horse with a white mane.
horse with white mane.
A chinese man wearing a T-shirt holds a glass of wine.
a man in a dark tshirt and dark hair.
A woman in a pink shirt is sitting at the dining table holding a wine glass.
A woman with a pink shirt sitting at a table.
urinal to the furthest left.
A woman in a blue shirt holds her dog next to a son in stripes.
A woman sitting in between two men and a man in white shirt.
The lemon on the right.
A lemon wedge that's been squeezed.
A clockface on a tower.
The clock face on the left.
tan surfboard with black chevron shape on it.
The surfboard on the left.
a large grey suitcase behind a beige suitcase.
seersucker printed suitcase against wall.
A black stove next to the white stoves.
grey black stove.
Man with baseball cap and glasses.
A man shows information on a Notepad to someone else.
Man sitting in high chair on the left.
A baby sheep laying to the left of another baby sheep.
baby sheep facing adult sheep.
The man standing next to the red and white surfboard.
A man with dark hair and olive complexion wearing a blue and grey wet-suit rubbing down his red and white surfboard.
Pizza on green plate.
pizza covered in shredded cheese.
The wooden cube in the back with the cups on it.
the light brown table with the beer on it.
the man wearing the black top.
A man wearing a dark sweater.
Man standing having his tie done up by another man.
Man getting is neck tie adjusted by another man in the living area.
A woman wearing a white tank top, smiling.
A tanned girl with a beautiful smile is being kissed be a boy.
The hand holding the knife that is cutting the cake.
hand from the right side of the image.
A women with a knife prepping food.
A woman wearing a yellow sweater cutting food on the cut board.
A woman wearing blue sitting at a table.
The woman in blue.
the third giraffe from the left.
second giraffe from the right.
The man on the screen.
Sheldon from The Big Bang Theory holding a package on a television.
A woman in a ponytail trying to lift a purple suitcase through a door.
A woman with blonde hair holding a purple suitcase, with a black sweater and blue jeans on.
The clock facing right.
the clock on the right side of a tower.
The tallest giraffe.
The giraffe furthest on the right.
A blonde woman who is homeless with a cat in a stroller holding a sign asking for help.
A homeless woman with a stroller holding up a sign and a ralph's shopping bag.
An elephant standing second to last in a line of posing elephants.
The second elephant rearing up that is barely visible.
a black sofa with grey pillow is under a seenery picture.
A couch with beige pillows.
A person guiding an elephant.
A glass of beer that has been partially drank.
A glass of beer, less full than the one next to it.
third cow from farmer.
The black and white cow.
Ram not looking at camera.
The animal that is looking to the left of the photo.
a cow between 2 cows with a white face.
The black cow with the white face.
horse in the middle of the image.
A laptop sitting on a slide-out desk tray.
The Macbook Pro on the right hand side of the desk.
The bear on the left with one tooth showing.
a animal looking another animals mouth.
A slice of bread on a plate, out of focus.
A slice of sweet bread lying down on a small white plate behind a similar plate holding a piece of bread standing up on edge.
A donut touching two another and partly visible.
One honey glazed donut behind two more honey glazed donuts.
A blonde woman wearing sunglasses and a blue shirt holding a frisbee.
A lady in a blue shirt holding a frisbee.
A woman wearing a white shirt and a hat.
A woman standing with her sons on the beach.
A girl in a white long sleeved shirt holding a tennis racket.
the tennis player.
A woman seated at a table next to a small boy.
a woman wearing a dark colored dress, a watch, and glasses while sitting at a table.
A black man sits at a table alone.
Man next to wall in dark shirt and dark hair facing away.
A brown and white spiral pastry.
A disc with brown and white bread.
a father beside a child on the ship.
A man sitting on boat with shades on.
A pair of scissors pointing to a bottle.
woman sitting at table with black ring.
A woman in a 3/4 sleeve shirt sitting at a table.
A pizza just out of the oven with green olives on top.
pizza.
The girl in the blue uniform with brown hair.
Girl with dark brown ponytail in looking towards soccer goal.
A blue and white couch.
A white couch with a blue blanket on one cushion.
The food item to the far left on the tray.
The food item with white powder on it.
Yellow food on the right of the plate.
Yellow food on the right of the plate.
Baseball player striking down on the ground and wearing gloves.
A baseball player reaching a base, he is wearing a white and blue uniform and baseball hard hat.
a black color bag wearing a white t-shirt guys.
the man's black tote bag.
A wine glass with a clear white liquid in it.
a wineglass with clear wine.
The man standing with a black shirt on.
A man in a black shirt and khaki shorts using a Wii controller.
Blue tugboat with orange top, with white lettering, in water.
a blue ship in the ocean.
A black and white photography of a giraffe drinking water?.
A giraffe drinking water.
the two sandwiches on the left.
The sandwich in between the green and brown one.
open and empty red suitcase.
An empty open red suitcase.
The bed that is whiter than the other one.
a white coloured bedspread on a be in the room.
A blue and yellow plane with number 7.
A blue and yellow jet that is labeled 7.
A girl reading a book while other girl coming close to her.
Tow women reading a book.
A zebra with its head up.
A zebra that is standing straight up and looking forward.
the part of a table under a beverage mug.
The coffee table.
A cow with its head down and one brown eye.
A cow looking down.
A woman wearing a blue blouse and holding the hand of her young child as the child stands and holds up a tennis racket.
The woman holding the hand of the child holding the tennis racket.
Woman wearing a white apron looking down.
A woman in a brown shirt.
A MAN SKATING ON SKATE BOARD.
Boy doing trick on skateboard.
There is white color teddy bear beside the other teddy bear.
a white teddy bear wearing a scarf.
A silver chair outside.
A white chair sitting outside.
boy holding two bears.
A young boy with glasses holding two teddy bears.
A made bed with a white pillow on top.
A bed with a white pillow.
The man to your right.
the man in a suit on the right.
A giraffe chewing vegetation.
A giraffe sitting in a field eating grass.
side of couch that boy in blue shirt has elbow on.
A plate with fries and an open face sandwich.
The mushroom burger with fries looks delicious.
A glass half full of water.
A water glass.
A white dish that is being removed from the oven.
A white dish with a cake in it.
zebur.
A zebra on the far left side of the picture what seems to be moving out of the frame.
The blue couch.
The little girl is dressed as a bunny and holding two bears.
A girl in a bunny costume with two teddybears.
A woman wearing a red shirt.
a woman in a red shirt.
the blue skateboard.
A woman skiier wearing a blue shirt with\ a jacket around her waist.
The woman with the grey sweatshirt around her waiste.
Girl holding the bat.
A little girl swinging a hot pink plastic bat.
pouncing kitten.
A cat jumping over another cat.
beige love seat facing fire place.
A computer monitor with iTunes open.
left monitor.
adult sheep.
A very large, very fluffy sheep stands beside a smaller, younger, and freshly sheared sheep.
The legs of a stool near another room.
A dog in a party hat.
A small dog with a hat on its head.
A man sitting in his kitchen.
A man leaning back in a kitchen.
The pink foil wrapper surround a container with a plant.
The rose vase in the back.
The skis of the woman wearing a red top.
The blue and white train in the center.
a blue and white passenger train car.
the person in white.
older male wearing white shirt.
A brown white and caramel cat laying on a pink towel.
A calico kitty.
a man with game controller to his face.
A man in a brown shirt working a video game controller.
A woman in a green shirt is playing Wii, holding the controllers to her head.
A smiling woman in a green shirt with her hands on her head.
A book on the left.
a book about  the motorcycle road racing.
a computer with a blue cover.
a man holding a glass of wine.
A man holding a wine glass.
a foldable chair.
Brown fold up chair sitting next to vents.
Two giraffes looking right.
a man in navy blue jacket and tan pants running.
the man running in the middle.
the woman on the right holding a glass.
a woman wearing a red blouse with a brown tank over it and holding a glass.
A piece of bread holds slaw, hot dog and sauce.
A slightly burnt sausage on a piece of wheat bread.
The blue veteran plane.
A blue craft in the air.
The buttend of an unseen zebra.
back end of a zebra.
A green bowl containing carrots.
A bowl of chopped and peeled carrots.
A man bent to the side witha white hat.
old man watching the game seriously.
A zebra to the right of another zebra.
a zebra is eating grass in a zoo with another zebra.
a dark brown teddy bear.
A dark brown teddy bear sitting on a chair beside a second teddy bear.
atv fourwheelers.
The arm of a person who is reaching for something silver on the table.
A hand of man which was taking a silver cup.
A horse pulling the charriot which is a step behind the other horse.
brown horses run along side of road as they pull buggy.
An old man touching the behind of a sheep.
An old man with blue shirt and pants touching the sheep with his right hand.
A blue and white taxicab sitting next to a stop sign.
A white and blue taxi with white tire rims.
Tan chair on sand.
THE BACK OF A BEACH CHAIR. TAN IN COLOR.
Hot dog that has mustard and relish on it.
A hotdog with mustard and onions.
A woman who is marked number 14 and a pink hairband is running away from the goalie.
A white female soccer player that is wearing white shorts and a white shirt that reads 14.
A green suitcase next to a purple suitcase.
A green suitcase next to a purple suitcase.
Wooden chair next to a dining table.
person in cargo shorts holding a dog on a leash.
A person standing under a tree while walking a dog.
A horse standing in dirt next to two women and a man.
horse with white mane.
A black cat sitting under a vehicle.
A black cat under a car.
the car the name durham board rusted.
truck on left.
the tallest giraffe who's head is upright.
the tallest giraffe.
a giraffe looking to the right who is next to a second giraffe.
A GIRAFFE LOOKING HIS RIGHT SIDE.
A brown teddy bear wearing a blue garment.
A teddy bear that is wearing a blue and white outfit.
man sitting playing the guitar.
Man in a black hat playing a guitar.
A girl in blue is standing.
A woman with dark hair tied up standing behind a male tennis player.
A young man with a purple guitar strap playing a video game.
The many with the purple shirt and strap.
Red in white stop sign in front of a bank.
A stop sign.
A baby zebra.
A small zebra leaning against his mother.
Smiling man wearing a variety of ties.
man with multiple ties.
An upsidedown piece of broccolli on the bottom left of bowl.
The piece of broccoli all the way on the left, on the bottom.
Man in grey sweater on his knees in the snow with the boy.
a man in a gray sweatshirt and orange hat.
Bicycle on a stand receiving adjustments and work by a man.
A bike being serviced.
the yellow armchair not being used.
a chair behind the guy in yellow hoodie.
A white car parked on the side of the road.
a white car behind the white van.
a giraffe with its head up.
the giraffe that is standing tallest.
The animal closest to the people.
the animal closest to the camera.
A woman wearing pink and white riding on a horse.
A girl wearing pink pants riding a horse.
table with a tray of foo and glass bottle on it.
The table with the food.
the man who is skateboarding on top of what appears to be a mattress.
a person skateboarding.
girl in background riding merry go round horse.
The partial body of the little girl behind the young man.
An empty seat.
black chair.
the gray jacket in the left most side.
woman in black dress.
a woman in a black shirt.
Zebra leading the charge.
A Zebra running in a ground.
Chair of a man in glasses and blue shirt, turned to the woman with the microphone.
a red chair with gold borders, fronting the camera.
small monitor with ocean scene.
A computer screen with a background of rocks and fog with 15 icons.
a man with a blue shirt.
a man in a blue shirt eating.
bus number 380 squeezed between other vehicles.
NUMBERED 380 BUS CENTER FROM THE TWO OF THEM.
This is the arm of a bear that is partially in the photo.
A beer which was only showing its leg.
the hands of a person wearing a black shirt with a skull.
A black TV behind a laptop.
A television behind a laptop.
Reflection of skater on far right.
A man in blue jeans and a white shirt on a skate board going down a ramp.
A boy skating on the floor.
a boy in a red shirt riding a skateboard.
tennis player in blue shirt and white skirt.
A woman in a blue shirt.
laptop with dark backing.
the laptop on the right of the table.
This is the sandwich on the left in the oven.
A club sandwich in the left side of the oven.
A cross country skier climbing uphill.
man in green.
A man with a yellow shirt and a red hat.
the guy on the right in the right hand picture.
A hand holding food.
thumb finger of a person.
The lamp on the far left.
A large white urn.
A man sitting down on skates and taking a picture.
Man skating while kneeling.
A boy wearing a gray tracksuit on a tennis court with a tennis racquet.
Boy in gray suit.
an empty hand.
A hand which is not holding anything.
the table under the bowl in the right hand picture.
part of the table visible in front of the woven trivet.
Couch closer to the TV.
a wicker sofa with a white cushion is on a parquet floor.
A man in a red shirt with the number 21 on the back holding a catchers mit.
Baseball catcher wearing red jersey with number 21.
A shower tub.
The floor of the shower.
Shorter giraffe next to the tall one.
A guy with long hair wearing a helmet and riding a skateboard.
A man with long hair skateboarding through cones.
orange cat.
orange cat drinking out of the sink.
A tan cow.
Brown cow looking at the camera.
Horse with man in black hat in front of the group.
A green color wooden bench on the park.
A man with white hat and tshirt holding his friend.
a man in a white shirt holding a blue bag.
A boyw tiha  black glove is bent over while in the baseball field.
boy with the black glove.
A person in a black and orange ski outfit holding a ski pole and a person behind them in a white ski jacket facing away from the camera.
MAN IN ALL BLACK SNOW SUIT AND PURPLE GOOGLES.
black male.
black man.
The person in the dark top standing near the cofee pot.
A girl wearing a black sweater.
a white bed the man is laying on.
The bed the man is lying on.
a man with a black motorcyle.
The black motorcycle.
young man with a white shirt hanging over his shoulder.
person on the right.
A man wearing a striped dress shirt lighting candles.
A man in purple lighting a birthday cake with a woman.
the giraffe under the tree in the shade.
A giraffe stands under a tree.
A long boat carrying a variety of local produce and a man in a red cap.
A boat loaded with produce.
Man in a white long sleeve shirt wit a tie on.
A man in a white shirt and black pants.
The person standing on the left with a jar in the hand.
man in white shirt.
A person with skis on their shoulder.
A man in snow carrying skies.
A white-haired lady cuts a cake.
An woman with white hair, wearing a red checkered dress is cutting into a white cake.
floral designed top.
A woman wearing a dress with black tights.
the man in a blocking position.
A woman with his arm in the air playing sports.
a boy with red sweater and brown hair.
A person with wavy hair and a red shirt watching giraffes.
Sub sandwich near soda.
Long sandwich wrapped in plastic to the left of container of food in bottom center of picture.
A man with dark hair holding some animals.
A young man wearing overalls and a shirt with the sleeves rolled up, holding three baby sheep.
a little girl wearing a stripe shirt holding a yellow toothbrush.
the smallest child with the yellow toothbrush.
Cake cut into a triange in the orange colored container block.
the triangle shaped treat in the orange box.
The guy with the white shirt trying to grab the frisbee.
The man wearing a white shirt and blue shorts with curly hair.
Car parked furthest from meters.
Car furthest from parking meters.
the skiis in the woman's hand.
Ski board in the hand.
Two legs wearing white pants and white shows near a wall.
Bottom of a persons legs who is wearing white pants.
A girl in a red shirt making pizzas.
a girl eating slice with knife.
A passenger train is stopped on railroad tracks next to a river.
A train in the center.
A woman in pink top holding a wine glass.
woman in pink.
Skiier with an orange jacket posing for the camera.
A orange and black ski jacket on a man.
a griffee sticking out its tail.
A tall giraffe with its neck outstretched and its tail flicked up, standing next to another giraffe.
a woman in a pink shirt with a gray sling around her arm.
The woman wearing with rose colour T-shirt and her hand was broken.
glass directly in front of shorter candle.
A wine glass sitting upright in front of some candles.
A brown and white cat with a red collar on it.
A cat wearing a red harness.
Child in t-shirt with Spiderman design.
A black shirt with spiderman on the front.
A box of vegetalbes like carrot, plums and greens.
The white dish containing colorful vegetables.
A boy behind a birthday cake.
a boy was smilling.
A little girl wearing a pink shirt.
A little girl.
stray berry was on a cup.
A small white bowl with a few small strawberries in it.
A laptop screen.
The laptop screen.
the backside of a cow standing next to another cow which is being milked.
The cow next to the cow being milked.
The chair behind the vase of flowers.
The chair with wooden arms directly in front of the window.
A red chair in the foreground facing away from the camera.
The red chair in the bottom right corner that is closest to you.
A giraffe to the right of another giraffe.
The big giraffe on the right side.
blue and white bus with red wording on the back.
A young zebra rubs its head on the tail-end of another.
The smallest zebra is standing on a road next to a larger one and waving its tail.
A Lego chair.
Small brown lego bench.
the zebra on the far left.
A zebra swinging his tail to the right.
A man with glasses holding a Frisbee.
a man holding a orange disk.
A women in red dress.
The person is reaching for the cups.
A green bench.
A small green bench used for sitting.
The furthest back giraffe.
Two Giraffees are eating plant.
A single banana with a brand label.
Two jars of condiments on the right and center.
The bottle of syrup in the middle.
A closed, double wall oven.
A stainless steel double oven with tinted glass.
The urinal on the left.
The urinal with a shadow at the bottom-right.
A giraffe standing behind one giraffe, and in front of another.
A supreme pizza half.
The man in a black hat behind the counter.
The man in black behind the counter.
The light of the car directly behind the parking meter.
White car with reflective light.
Full size bed with two pillows.
2 beds pushed together in front of a display.
A young boy wearing red and white playing with a bat.
Boy wearing white and red shirt holding baseball bat with Brother.
A banana toast sits on a cutting board to the right of another banana toast.
Sliced bananas to the left of a glass of brown liquid.
A red couch cushion with a dog on top.
A middle red sofa cushion.
The skateboarder with black shorts.
A man with a black t-shirt riding a skate board up a ramp.
the baby on the laptop.
A baby in a white sweater with her hands on a computer keyboard.
A piece of cake with sprinkles on it.
the rainbow colored sliced cake.
An orange train at a train station.
A DB train standing at the station.
A dark haired pack horse bringing up the rear of a group of horses escorting a herd of sheep.
The last horse in line is black in color.
A large elephant statue with his trunk lifted toward the ceiling.
A large teddy bear with a smaller one in its lap.
large stuffed mama bear seated on bench with baby bear in her lap.
tablecoth on the table the mans at.
The table the man is sitting at.
A little white sheep with black spots.
The mostly white lamb with black spots on it. It is to the right of the other lamb.
A boat with 2 people, one is a man with a white hat.
A man's legs bicycling.
The guys two legs, really close.
A girl in a black shirt.
A woman with her eyes closed and smiling.
the zebra reaching towards the car.
zebra with visible head.
the toilet seat.
A White toilet seat sitting on top of the white toilet.
A kid playing baseball, squatting down because he is playing catcher.
A young man squatted down behind the batter acting as a catcher for a baseball game.
A boy in navy shorts holding a baseball bat.
a children plaing the base ball.
A boy with a number four baseball jersey pitching the ball to a player.
A boy pitching a ball with the number 4 on his jersey.
Pasta with green peas.
A bowl of pasta containing chopped meat and green peas.
Horse with white and red face mask on with jockey wearing red shirt.
The horse the jockey in red is riding.
A person walking toward the photographer  wears a wetsuit and grasps their surfboard.
Person on the beach carrying a surf board.
A green colored small sparrow sitting on a pipe and keeping her mouth inside it from the upper side.
Green bird pecking a tree.
egg salad sandwich cut in half on white saucer.
A half of an egg sandwich that is nearest to the edge of the table.
The person in a black shirt on guitar.
This is a man playing an acoustic guitar.
elephant to the left.
elephant on left side.
A brown ape sits behind a white teddy bear.
the brown stuffed animal to the left of the guy sitting.
Man in blue.
A man in a blue tank top holding a tennis racket up.
A white tow truck with yellow and red stripes.
a white grocery bag.
white colored carry bag on the hands of lady with heels.
parachute with white and orange colors, and black writing.
Yellow and white parachute with writing underneath.
A girl with long sleeves running.
The sports player whose hair is completely pushed bag from her forehead by a black headband.
Pizza top left with jalapenos.
a pizza with pepperonis and vegetables on it in the upper left hand corner.
A slab of cornbread in a glass baking dish.
A casserole in a rectangular glass pan.
A train to the right of another.
A train under the sign that you can see Co on.
A white and black sheep looking this way.
a sheep.
jumping man.
A man wearing a brown tshirt and blue jeans catches a frisbee.
a red color surf board.
The shorter surf board is bright pink.
The cow in the middle.
A white cow eats hay from a wooden trough.
A sunburned girl with dark hair and glasses sharing a chocolate glazed doughnut with another girl.
A girl with glasses eating a donut.
horse on the left.
horse on left.
A black and silver motorcycle behind two other motorcycles.
A MOTOR CYCLE WITHOUT HEAD LIGHT.
The person in a black shirt.
A person in a black shirt hodling a cake.
A person in a stripped jacket and yellow pants.
A snowboarder in yellow pants.
A wooden chair is visible at the edge of the image.
A small section of a wooden chair.
Herbs set in a plastic cup.
a plant planted in a bucket.
A teenager raising higher than the other person is trying to manage the skating board.
carrots and dip.
Carrots in a white bowl with dip in the center.
A boy holding a bat wearing an orange shirt.
A man wearing red T-shirt.
a wooden tabletop.
The table under all the newspapers.
A large airplane with the stairs down and people exiting.
A very large airplane with its steps down and a person exiting the plane.
The class with the amber drink.
yellow drink.
little boy putting banana on man`s face.
a little kid wearing a red cap, yelling, and holding a banana peel.
The backside of a kid's head with blonde hair.
back head with golden color hair.
A red tour bus in the city.
An orange bus.
a large plane.
The large airplane.
A smiling, balding gentleman standing beside the young woman cutting his red-and-gold tie.
The man who is holding money and having his tie cut.
the backside of a zebra looking back at it.
zebra with tail down.
The yellow sufboard on the right.
Large piece of equipment carried by man in a green striped shirt and jeans.
bass fiddle case being carried.
A boy doing tricks on his skateboard.
a boy in midair.
The only chair that has a jacket draped over the back on the farthest left of the image.
A chair with a black jacket draped on it.
A man in a blue shirt behind a partition works.
A young man in a purple shirt is sitting down.
the back table parallel to the mirrored wall.
A table covered in a white table cloth with boxes on it.
Black and white striped shirt of the person behind the diner in the foreground.
The back of a person with white shirt in the background.
an yellow color truck unloading a things.
A truck being loaded with grey sofa.
A big dog near by the man.
A white color tall dog.
A man holding his glasses and cell phone.
The man in the top portion of the picture.
The bench to the far left.
A wooden bench with a person sitting on it.
A person on a snowboard in a blue and grey outfit.
The snowboarder with light clothes.
A brown living room chair.
A brown recliner with a green item in the seat.
A parking meter on the right side.
a watch reading 00:59.
A grey van parked next to the sign.
A van parked in front of the open car.
Light reflected on a bench.
a guy in a blue baseball uniform on the pitchers mound pitching the ball.
a man was playing.
A boy in a red shirt with a hat on.
A boy wearing red t-shirt and red cap.
Wood and metal bench holding two people.
A light brown bench with people sitting on it.
dark colored donut with coconut shavings all over it.
A donut with chocolate frosting and white coconut sprinkled on top.
man walking in the right corner.
The farthest right person with an umbrella.
A brown teddy bear with a white lace collar and pink ribbon.
A brown teddy bear with a lace collar.
The person in the orange tee shirt.
A woman wearing an orange t shirt.
arm of woman in turqouise.
A woman in a blue sweater taking a picture of a giraffe.
Baseball player holding up a bat wearing a white and red uniform with the number 15 on the back.
baseball player number 15.
a woman holding a wii controller sitting on a couch.
a woman with two controllers in her hand.
A police SUV.
A police van accompanies a officer on a motorcycle.
A man wearing black defending a frisbee player in blue.
a man wearing a black shirt.
An an athlete in a green shirt watching another athlete in green head a soccer ball.
A short black man in green.
A zebra with its head down eating hay.
A zebra that is kneeling down eating grass.
A woman holding a child.
A woman holding a baby.
a woman on a bench in a black shirt.
Girl sitting on the bench reading the magazine.
The polar bear with its mouth closed.
A polar bear that is wrestling another bear and does not have its mouth open.
Number 12 bus waiting at stop light.
The bus is going to Fillmore.
Person in front of boy sitting.
Person in a grey coat and dark pants.
a black skateboard being riden on by a man.
Skateboard in active use.
A table with a coffe cup on it.
Black motor scooter parked on the curb.
the moped on the right edge.
The taller of the two giraffes.
the giraffe on the right.
The chair beside the girl with the orange shirt.
Chair to the right of woman in orange shirt.
The back of a black bus to the left of the picture.
Black trailer located in left-most part of the frame.
a duck with its head turned around.
The brown bird on the right.
a woman wearing a hat sitting in a horse drawn carriage.
A woman in a hat driving a horse and buggy.
reflection of a little girl in polka dot jacket in a bathroom.
The girl's reflection in the mirror.
a man wearing blue colour pant.
Left leg in jeans and  sneaker on skateboard.
Fingers handling spoke.
A hand holding a fork.
A MAN IN A WHITE JACKET SKIING.
Skier in the white jacket.
Man in a red sweatshirt wearing a badge around his neck.
A guy wearing a red hoodie.
slive of pizza near a red purse.
A fire engine parked between another fire engine and a gold car.
The firetruck door has an emblem on it.
the green table.
the blue table with the gruit on it in front of the displat.
The zebra on the right.
Part of a zebra's body to the right of another zebra.
The back of a man leaning to his right.
A person in the background looking away.
Brown cow with horns standing to the right of another brown cow.
The bull on the far right center.
A person sitting it a chair which has a towel on the back of it reading a book.
A person at the beach reading a book.
A baseball player holding their hands out to another player.
The body of a baseball player holding out his arm for a handshake.
A bus to the right of another bus.
a yellow, orange and white bus with chrome radiator grill.
A glass of wine rests on the table behind an elderberry pie.
The bottle of wine that is to the right, closer to the paper towels.
Guy in white shirt and red baseball cap.
A man in a white shirt and red hat.
the sandwich on the left.
bread sandwich in the left.
A goat looking up while two other goats eat grass.
A goat with horns standing between two others and facing the camera.
A white bowl of bananas.
All of the bananas.
Adult in navy Tshirt.
man on phone.
Horses tethered to a plow.
foremost mule transporting a man.
a man in paleing.
a father haolding a purple bat ready to hit the ball he is holding.
the table that the plate is sitting on.
A leather table holding a cake and a young woman with her mouth open.
A sheep looking to the left.
A fluffy and woolly adult sheep standing in front of younger lamb with head turned.
A white stuffed bear dancing on top of the refrigerator.
A Cute white toy dancing on a Fridge.
a blue and white umbrella.
umbrella just dance.
Woman laying down with white shirt barefoot.
Woman sitting on black couch with her legs crossed.
woman in a blue shirt holding a little boy`s leg.
A woman wearing a blue t-shirt.
smiling lady.
A woman with a grey shirt holding a cake with a man.
A person riding on the back of a motorbike.
The motorcycle passanger.
The skateboarder wearing beige pants, gray shirt and a black jacket.
body of a man wearing khaki pants ridin skateboard.
A soccer player wearing a green uniform with the number 13.
Man wearing number thirteen soccer jersey.
the white teddy bear.
White bear wearing an orange hat who is lower.
half a sandwich in the back facing same way.
The half of the sandwich that is on the top part of the plate. The crust for this portion of the sandwich is facing the camera, and the middle of the sandwich is facing away.
The elephant that is leftmost behind the tree.
A brown haired girl wearing a black and white shirt sitting at a table with food in front of her.
A child sitting at a table ready to eat wearing a black Tshirt.
Woman in orange jacket and black hat.
A woman in an orange jacket and black cap on skis.
A woman skier in a black and orange coat.
Cup of espresso.
A white and green coffee mug.
The inside of an empty bathtub.
A white bathtub below a city view in a window.
THe Giraffe to the right side of the photo.
The smallest of the three giraffes.
girl on the floor in pink playing wii.
A girl in a pink shirt sitting on the ground.
A large bowl contains bread and potatoes.
a plate of meat and potatos.
The bird on the right hand side.
The seagull on the right.
man with white shirt.
a man in white shirt, reaching for frisbee.
chair in front of man with black shirt.
wooden chair in the right side of the image.
A red and blue bag.
A wooden tabletop with a drink sitting on it in front of a couch.
A small coffee table with a green bottle on top.
pizza on plate with food.
A gourmet chicken pizza.
A small blonde teddy bear with a pink bow sitting in the lap of a larger teddy bear.
A teddy bear with a pink ribbon around its neck sitting on a bigger teddy bear's lap.
A LARGE GIRAFEE STANDING BEHIND A WOODEN FENCE.
A giraffe looking over a post.
A full body of a giraffe, hunched over and licking a stump.
a giraffe eating wood.
down side of the wooden table.
a fast moving red bus.
A red double-decker bus.
The lady holding the red purse.
A woman in red.
A man in a blue suit .
A MAN  WAS WALKING AND SITE POSITION WEARING THE BLUE COLOR GORT.
the top of the empty table in the back.
The man sitting in the middle of the three people at the round table.
a man with a plaid shirt drinking tea.
blue bicycle in the middle.
Bicycle with blue frame.
a woman in the background with a brown shirt and big boobs.
A large woman in brown.
chair behind cat.
A wooden chair with a light-colored cushioned and positioned behind a white cat.
Red stool to the right of bananas.
Red square on table.
A man play G Frisbee golf with his friends.
A man on dark dress and a black cap with an emblem on the cap throwing a disc.
The larger pizza.
The bigger pizza on the right.
a brown and white horse.
A horse with a white strip on his face facing the camera.
a catcher reaching for the ball.
A ball catcher.
The continental airplane.
Big airplane on the runway that has Continental written across it.
An adult zebra standing next to a baby zebra.
A big zebra walking next to a baby zebra.
A large blue umbrella propped against a wall.
The umbrella that is leaning against the concrete pillar and has a wooden handle.
a horse with stars on its forehead.
head of the horse standing behind the person with no.1 on the shirt.
a black man in a striped suit wearing a red tie.
The couch with the pet and red pillow on it.
A boy in red playing ball.
A boy in an orange shirt.
A white boat.
The small grey boat parked at the dock.
A flannel chair.
The chair to the right of the wood chair.
Horse with mange facing the meadow.
small brown horse facing left.
A woman in a white shirt sitting at the table.
A woman wearing a white tank top.
Red four door sedan.
the red car.
A baby elephant standing behind a tree.
A BABY OF AN ELEPHANT.
lufthansa airplane.
An airplane sitting on the tarmac.
A plate with four biscuits, sitting under two other plates.
The muffins on the bottom of the photo.
the horse on the left in the right hand picture.
Horse on the far left that a man in checkered shirt is holding.
The entire profile of a zebra walking.
The zebra with its head lowered.
The little girl.
LITTLE GIRL WITH WHITE T-SHIRT.
standing boy leaning over arm of chair to look at something.
An vessel with a smooth face and ruffled edge.
The long grey vase.
A baseball player leaning over and conditioning his bat.
a cardinals baseball  with bat in hand.
Apple slices in a plastic container.
sliced apples.
red skis, black ski boots.
a scatting board one person ride.
A soccer player wearing the number 9.
A white man with red hair wearing black with the number 9 on his shirt running near two other men playing soccer on a field.
A boy in a baseball jersey and a baseball helmet holding a blue bat at the ready.
Little boy holding a baseball bat fiercly.
A large U.S. Air Force plane sitting on the runway.
an Air Force plane with a red tail.
A smaller giraffe looking over a wooden fence next to a larger giraffe.
A giraffe to the left of another giraffe.
A man with full facial hair and glasses tilted sideways upon a skateboard at a skate park in casual jeans and green shirt.
the skateboarder on the ramp.
A man sliding to a base.
A man wearing a black hat.
A Delta plane that is between two other Delta planes and is larger than the plane to its right.
the long plane in the middle.
The pizza on the silver platter.
The large pizza on a serving tray.
left hand hotdog.
The left hotdog on the plate, which has mustard and onions.
The laces pulled through the leather.
A fern in a black pot hanging down the side of an entertainment center.
A plant in a black pot hanging from a shelf.
An open laptop sits to the right of a glass of beer.
White laptop with green keyboard open and turned on with email page showing.
Woman with a scarf on her head touching fruit.
ONE WOMAN AND ANOTHER PERSONS ARE STANDING AT THE BANANA SHOP.
cow in front.
A cow with white patches on its running first on the road.
A bowl of cookies.
a clear tub of chocolate chip cookies.
A toilet closet that is second from the left.
A man in a gray shirt sitting in front of two men on top of an elephant.
A mahout taking two other men for a ride on an elephant.
A flat box full of plants labeled Wegman's Nursery.
A SET OF FLOWERS.
a circular painting on the wall grey and yellow.
A circular artwork with a picture of a castle in the middle.
man in brown shirt white pants.
A guy in white color pants running behind the girl in green and white tops.
the green and wooden chair facing the camera.
Chair you can see all of.
The tennis racket of the man closest to the camera.
Atennis racket just about to hit the ball.
A man in a green beanie sitting on a couch.
A man wearing a eyeglasses with a bunnet.
A tall Giraffe standing with the smaller giraffe.
tall girrafe.
The man in the black coat.
The man is helping the women.'.
A white woman with a brown ponytail wearing a red tank top crouched and washing the foot of a goat.
A woman shaving a sheep.
A red bus with the door open.
red bus with information stops on top.
The man in the black jacket and hat.
man wearing black on the far left.
An older man with gray hair wearing a plaid shirt riding on a bus.
Man in blue and white plaid shirt on right side of bus.
The center food tray.
the slices of pizza in front of the person with a wrist band.
a chair with a foot stool.
The reclingin chair that has a stool in front of it.
The balding male cook.
a man was cooking.
A black motorcycle leading another motorcycle.
A woman in a red dress.
a women wearing red colour dress.
zebra standing in front of the pond and the log.
A zebra walking in the grass.
kid with black suit smiling.
A man wearing glasses and a white colored shirt underneath a jacket.
A man with a white shirt.
A person's mirror reflection of them playing with a cat.
a woman's hands and a reflection.
The umbrella that is last in line.
The orange umbrella closest to the man with his hands in his pants.
the last unbrella.
Two wooden park benches with green metal arm rests in a park.
an empty seat far away.
A white teddy bear to the left of a green bear.
The small white bear to the left of the largest one.
Tennis player with beard.
A man holding something behind his back.
An airplane with a blue tail.
White plane with blue tail.
a brown chair behind another chair at the table.
An empty wooden chair in front of a soft plush chair.
A black backpack sits behind a little boy.
A black suitcase with a small blue bag placed on top.
A man wearing a black sweater.
bald man in black shirt and sunglasses.
The back end of a semi truck with no container on it.
The back of a semi truck.
There is a man holding onto the elephant's trunk.
A man in a white shirt holding onto an elephan'ts trunk.
a little girl brushing her teeth.
A little girl brushing her teeth.
A lady wearing pink and blue riding a long skateboard that has blonde hair.
The blonde woman on the skateboard.
A white umbrella on a pole in front of other umbrellas.
Umbrella over a patio table.
a brown horse eating in front of another horse.
a fuzzy, rough-looking pony eating hay.
A baseball player wearing a jersey with 85 on the back.
A man wearing a baseball hat with a baseball glove on and wearing a backpack.
A lady posing a photo holding a magazine.
a blonde woman wearing a striped shirt and holding a magazine.
Giraffe standing in shade in captivity with another giraffe in background.
A giraffe showing its head and part of neck in a zoo.
A woman in a purple shirt and holding a cup.
A woman in purple blouse holding a Pepsi cup.
A portly man standing with his hands on his hips.
A man wearing white pants.
chair of girl on left.
chair being sat on by woman in blue jacket.
An elephant between two others.
a man from behind.
The back of a man's head with shaggy brown hair, wearing a grey tshirt.
This is a sandwich containing assorted meats and cheeses.
A large plate with food on it.
An elephant at the bottom of the steps with another elephant's trunk resting on him.
An elephant with a trunk resting on it's back.
A rear facing chair with a blue towel on top.
chair on the right side.
a woman playing tennis.
The woman tennis player.
A silver car waiting patiently on the road.
white car on right.
wine glass between the two bottles.
Winge glass behind the wine bottles.
large zebra left of screen.
Zebra in front of all the others.
A formally set dining table.
A large table with white cloth.
A little boy in a firefighter's hat.
The kid wearing the fireman hat.
black dell laptop on far right.
Laptop in the table watching by the boy.
The chair in the back.
An expty chair with a child next to it.
A man wearing khaki pants and a black jacket skateboarding at a skate park.
A man using a skateboard.
The legs and shoes of the person with both feet on the skateboard.
A person wearing white sneakers with red laces.
A baseball player wearing a purple shirt and gray pants swinging a bat.
A player who is trying to hit the ball.
A man rides a skate board wearing a green t shirt and pants.
A man with a green shirt and white pants riding a skateboard.
An orange cat sitting on someone's left arm.
Orange tabby kitty helping type a email.
cat on the right laying on the couch.
a womans watch.
The watch on the woman's left arm.
A woman with an orange skirt and sandals on looks on at her friend.
The woman to the right of the woman holding money.
The man pushing the banana cart.
A man with a light blue shirt standing looking at something to his side.
The pizza right in front of the women.
Pitza that is in front of the woman.
orange far left botoom.
the orange to the left of the yellow food.
The surfer.
the backside of a man in black surf suit carrying a surfboard away from the camera.
Two bikes leaning against metal fence in the snow.
A yellow cycle parking in park.
the three large pieces of carrot.
Chunks of carrot.
Big zebra.
A mother zeebra.
a man in a white shirt.
Man in blue shirt watching kids play a game.
woman bent over small white stove.
The woman in the white and blue shirt.
leftmost giraffe.
A giraffes rear end with his tail down behind his left leg and gray and tan spots.
A groom in a tuxedo looks at pictures with his new bride.
this is a groom with a pink tie.
A teenager in redshorts and a blue shirt watching to see if his team scores the goal.
Man on the left wearing a blue t-shirt and red shorts.
A small girl in red hat.
a young child in a red and yellow striped hat.
A man wearing a dark  blue and gray backpack.
Dark blue backpack with silver and black trim.
the giraffe to the left.
The two yellow skis of the person falling with long hair.
The woman skier's yellow skis.
the black umbrella.
Black umbrella held by a woman.
A man in a blue t-shirt and jeans is holding a white frisbee.
A guy with a white frisbee.
The giraffe in the front of the herd.
A giraffe that is front of two other giraffes.
A computer keyboard with black keys.
black keyboard.
A womans hands holding a knife cutting a piece of chocolate cake with blackberries on top.
A GIRL'S HAND CUTTING A CAKE BY KNIFE.
The brown and white dog sleeping on the arm of the couch.
A btown and white dog sleeping with its chin on the arm of a couch.
Knife laying partially on a fork.
chair facing the kitchen.
Chair furthest from the counter.
The person that is holding the sprayer.
person wearing black shirt.
The wooden bench the woman is sitting on.
The bench the woman is sitting on.
The cat on the left.
cat on the left.
the woman in the left side of the picture with longer hair.
woman that is holding her hands together.
a yellow vase with a plant in it.
yellow pot and plant in the right hand picture.
Motorcycle.
a byke was rod.
A woman in a purple tennis outfit is about to serve the ball.
woman in blue shirt.
The giraffe that is in front of the other giraffes.
A black chair which rolls on the floor.
black chair.
An old lady in the background.
The woman in the background with a flower in her hair facing towards the left. She is also wearing glasses.
a man with black pants and black hoodie.
A man wearing all black while talking to a laptop salesman.
yellow airplane.
A yellow airplane hanging from the ceiling.
A woman in a plaid shirt to the right of two other women.
woman in a red plaid shirt.
A martini glass being held by a woman.
Margarita glass that woman is holding.
An umbrella not behind the man.
A boat on a lift with a duck crossing sign on its left.
A boat to the right of the pole.
A tennis player wearing a red top and white shorts.
the tennis player in the red shirt.
Table touching table with apples.
A table with a red and white table cloth, covered with food, connected to a perpendicular table with a green and white tablecloth.
person wearing green cargo pants standing in front of a bench.
a kid with green pants and brown shoes is standing up next to a bench.
The corgi behind the other corgi.
The dog closest to the man.
A bowl of bread and cheese.
bowl bottom left side.
A boy riding a bike.
The Asian man on a bicycle.
the white colored pickup truck back portion.
backend of the white truck.
A half of a sandwich on the far right side of a blue plate.
A dark soda in a plastic cup from Panera bread.
older redish/orange truck in background.
A red pickup truck next to a green truck parked.
The base of a wine glass further back on the table.
The bottom of a glass that is standing near a taller glass on a table.
A woman in a black dress looking into the mirror.
Blonde woman in black dress and tall black boots bending over a counter.
Girl standing on the back of a bike.
A young girl holding the shoulders of a boy riding a bicycle.
A group of red and green apples.
red and green apple in a fruit bowl.
White cup with the green vegetables in it.
A small bowl of green sliced food.
A beer of the brand James Boag's sitting on a counter.
A bottle of James Boag's.
Bear in a red shirt.
the teddy in maroon dress.
A grown chicken walking with a younger chick.
A large black chicken.
A surfboard being carried by a man walking right.
A White surfboard.
back of couch.
Back of a striped seat that the girl is sitting on.
A woman in a blue shirt riding an elephant.
A woman in a blue dress riding an elefant.
donut with burnt cheese.
A donut that has some red crushed topping.
zebra in the middle, facing right and eating.
A balding man with a beard and glasses.
Mother is playing with kids in the golf ground.
A person wearing blue jeans to the left of a little girl.
A bus numbered Brigada 74.
The front of a white bus with a sign in the window that says Brigada 74.
A out of focus person behind a child blowing the candles of a birthday cake.
adult person on the left behind kids.
A train going through the station.
A train is parked at the station.
The large truck and its cargo on the right side of the road.
A cargo truck with a red and white striped rectangle fastened to the back.
A baseball player in a grey uniform running.
A baseball player in a red helmet running.
A giraffe gazing to the left while standing in the grass next to another giraffe and a zebra.
A giraffe standing tall near another giraffe and a zebra.
A zebra laying down in an enclosure.
A zebra in the zoo setting.
The chair of a man holding a newspaper.
chair under man to the far right.
The grey chair on the right.
a woman sitting with arms folded.
a women.
A bushy dog with belt.
A woman with glasses holding a phone with two hands.
A girl on a phone in an argyle sweater and blue jeans.
a girl wearing a necklace is ready for the shot.
Table and food from which the guy is having meals.
The table has a plate of food and a bread basket on it.
young man in a blue baggy tshirt.
a young man wearing an over-sized blue shirt, and sagging pants.
A player with a black and white striped top ready to kick a ball.
A man of African decent wearing white shorts and a black and white vertically striped shirt is about to kick a yellow and purple ball on a snowy field.
A bidette.
Bidet in a totally white bathroom to the right of the toilet.
the semicircular shaped panini.
The bottom half of a sandwich sitting on a plate.
A dog lying on the seat of the loveseat closest to the guitar.
the right dog in the right hand picture.
A man with glasses in a green shirt that is sitting on a couch.
man wearing glasses sitting down.
A lady wearing a white color gown holding a sweet on her hand.
LADY WITH DARK HAIR IN A SLEEVELESS WEDDING DRESS WITH A RED SATIN BACKGROUND FEEDING CAKE TO A GENTLEMEN.
pizza.
large pizza waiting to be sliced.
The man has on a dark shirt and no hat.
a guy that's on the very right with skiis.
A brown striped pillow on a couch next to a cat and a man's leg.
Shirt of person.
man wear hat and blue shirt.
man in a blue pinstripe shirt with hands on hips.
Nearest bench.
A wooden table in front of the man.
The desk which the man's working on.
Brown cow seen from the back.
The brown cow.
A dish with shrimp.
A tupperware container holding shrimp and broccoli.
A young boy with his hand around a girl.
A small boy sitting on the skating slider and a girl hugging him.
The man in the striped shirt.
A man in a striped shirt with glasses.
Young elephant with very short tusks walking towards the camera.
An elephant with white tusks.
A jacket under umbrella next to a kissing lovers with bear.
The shoulder of the person holding the black umbrella.
red train with a number 2 on it.
RED TRAIN.
Girl in black shirt playing Wii.
A woman in a black jacket is holding a controller.
The bear whose face is visible.
A black bear that is leaning over to check a other bear.
child in middle.
A GIRL WEARING WHITE TSHIRT AND BLACK PANT IS HOLDING A DOG TOY.
A man with a jacket over a blue undershirt, holding an electronic device.
The older man with the beard who is wearing a jacket.
A larger woman wearing a yellow blouse and khaki pants drinking from a mug.
The lady is drinking out of a mug.
The two teddy bearst.
A brown teddy bear holding a flower.
A man wearing a jacket with a white hood.
Man in blue and white windbreaker turned away.
The umpire of a baseball game.
A picture of an umpire crouched down behind the catcher.
The leg of the person mostly unseen.
The leg of someone with white sneakers on.
A bar chair that is farthest to the left from the others.
empty bar stool on the left end.
The partially visible brown bear farthest to the right of the others.
The bunk bed near the window and the tall white dresser.
A bunk bed with blue sheets.
A prepared sandwich, cut in half.
A white sheep slightly covered by another sheep.
A sheep at the top of a mountain, eating grass.
A man in a black shirt holding a paper plate that is above a pizza.
hand holding a white plate.
left side of a sandwich.
Far left half of the sandwich on the plate.
A short yellow suitcase with the sun reflecting on it.
player bent over.
A baseball player stands in the outfield.
The white vehicle beside the motorcycle.
A silver car parked next to a motorcycle.
The rightmost urinal.
The urinal on the right.
Outdoor table covered in a white tablecloth at a military function.
Table with white tablecloth.
A boy wearing white t-shirt playing with skate board.
A boy on a skateboard doing a trick.
Teddy bear with a pink nightgown.
donut with sugar.
A doughnut next to a glass full of red wine.
A man standing with blue striped shirt.
A man in black jeans and blue and black striped shirt holding wii in hand standing in front of TV.
The big elephant among the two.
Elephant standing in a clearing in front of another elephant.
a person on a bicycle behind another.
A police bicycle officer with a yellow and black jacket.
A black and white cat laying on its side.
The cat laying on its side, in front of the other cat.
bus.
parked bus.
leaves of house plant inside the bathroom.
Girl in green shirt and blue shorts.
A woman in a black shirt and blue jeans.
Person with only one visible arm reaching for the ball.
A boy in a purple long slevve top and sandles.
Boy on the grass wearing blue shorts next to a boy flying a kite.
A woman watching a cow and cat next to three other women.
A person in a green coat looking at the cows.
A computer monitor with three girls on the screen.
Computer screen all the way to right on desk.
A green bus that is next to a white and blue bus.
green color bus.
Zebra on the left.
A large, white truck parked near an airplane.
A white handbag with a yellow ribbon between two other pieces of luggage.
A white bag with black handles.
baseball umpire.
umpire.
A bed to the left of another bed.
The pillows on the bed in the back.
A green color sport bike.
A green and black motorcycle with sponsor and brand decals.
Someone with their middle finger up.
hand giving the middle finger.
A small group of carrots.
A zebra facing right.
The closest zebra.
the silver car nearest to the camera.
The white car closer to the bald guy.
A banana laying outside another banana at the edge of a plate.
The farthest left banana.
A three cushion brown couch in a living room.
a plush brown sofa with velvety upholstery.
The couch nearest the door.
A couch near a front door.
The train car with a green roof on part of it.
Part of a cake, designed to look like a train car with blue walls, windows, and a red and green roof.
A glass with dark red liquid.
A glass of wine in next to the bowl of soup.
The man in the green long sleeve shirt.
The gentleman in the green rugby shirt with white sneakers and dark blue jeans.
The elephant with its trunck curled under.
an elephant.
A woman in a green and white outfit playing tennis.
A female tennis player landing on her left foot after a serve.
the person wearing the gold bracelets.
Two hands of a women wearing gold bracelet.
Cut up disc on top of a teddy bear.
the bear with broken cd's.
A giraffe standing away from a fence.
a giraffe that is looking to the left.
man to the left.
man with shiny belt buckle.
A stuffed bear with a blue hat.
a bear with a blue hat.
tennis player in front.
An older woman wearing a purple shirt and glasses.
short plain board on far right in the row.
There is a maroon suitcase on top of the pile.
A maroon bag on top of other bag's.
Sandwich on the plate closest to the person.
sandwich in plate in front of man.
a man throwing a frisbee.
A man in a blue shirt throwing a pink frisbee.
artwork on a desk.
Book with pictures of paintings lying open on a table.
The person sitting to the left of the scale.
Woman selling produce in an outdoor marketplace.
The tail of a white Boeing plane with the initials VC-14 on it.
A man in a white plaid shirt.
Man wearing a checked shirt.
A man in a black shirt looking up at a ball.
A man in a black shirt looking upwards.
A small black laptop in between two other laptops on a coffee table.
A small black laptop between two big ones.
a large green potted plant.
the backs of two wooden chairs on the far left.
A dinning chair with a kid sleeping on it.
The cow that is mostly white with a few black markings.
A black and white cow stopped in the middle of a stream facing the camera.
A lady with her hands behind her back.
the woman wearing a black sweater.
A teddy bear holding a yellow bow.
a white teddy bear with a yellow bow.
A man with a funny look on his face in a white shirt and black tie.
Man in white shirt and black tie.
The rear end of a white and blue airplane that is smaller than the orange and green airplane in the forefront.
the plane with the blue tail on it.
Hand that is holding the baby.
A person holding a baby.
A toilet in a public bathroom with black walls.
A toilet with the seat up.
The person's leg underneath the table below the pizza.
A girls legs with lack shorts on underneath the table.
red color car in the back side of the image.
a red color car at the back of the family.
A person in glasses.
A man in black jacket working on a computer.
The empty side of the sink.
A plant in a large white pot.
Plants sitting at the end of a sidewalk.
A man in an ocean carrying a blue skiing board.
person standing in water.
Man standing upright and not wearing any rings.
a man standing tall in a zippered sweatshirt and jeans holding Wii controllers.
The cookie that is closest to the white plate and has a triangle missing from it.
a heart shaped cookie.
The giraffe behind the other.
The giraffe in the background of the image.
An olive green vehicle.
The gray-green bus.
The person in the yellow coat is wearing a helmet.
The old plane is painted dark blue with white lettering and numbers.
An airplane with the number 215 on it.
bowl to the left of the pizza.
An empty bowl rests in front of the fork.
woman wearing red jacket is standing near a man.
A woman dressed in red standing next to a male skier in red on a ski slope.
red train in the middle of the tracks.
train cars on the middle track.
a small zebra next to a large zebra.
Small zebra standing to the right of a bigger one.
a bicycle tire on the far right.
the wheel of the bike to the right of the blue biker in the picture.
The plant in a ceramic vase under the picture of a man.
plant.
Cup of water to the left of a wine glass.
Water glass on a table.
Steamed broccoli.
cooked broccoli.
The french Fries is served ready to eat.
A basket of fries next to the ashtray.
Monitor on the left side.
Skies of a man wearing a black and tan jacket and tan pants.
the ski that is on the right foot of the man standing to the farthest left.
sofa in the living room.
A yellow armchair with a red bag in it.
Black,tinted pick-up truck parked in front of a stop sign.
Black SUV driving in front of a stop sign.
A female tennis player on court, jumping to hit the ball, wearing a red blouse and black shorts.
Serena Williams serving a tennis ball.
A bowl with red sauce and a spoon in it.
A relish for putting on the pieces of bread and cream cheese.
A horse with three legs visible facing the camera near another slightly taller horse.
A horse standing with his face directed at the camera.
Terrier with brown markings.
An angry dog with a brown head and ears looking forward.
A red container holds cut up pieces of mango.
Yellow fruit in the orange bowl.
A blue and white striped couch.
A white and blue lined three seater sofa.
A man with Maroon colored hair and a white manbag is standing by some cars.
The back of a woman holding a purse.
A black and white horse with a rider at an outdoor ring.
Black and white patterned horse with child riding it.
the underside of the umbrella closest to us.
BEACH UMBRELLA.
A white linen tablecloth on a restaurant table.
White folded table cloth.
girl about to hit the ball in the left hand panel.
The girl on the right in the left image.
sheep in extreme right sside.
The back of a tan sheep.
the image with only the dog in it.
Dog standing tall on back legs.
Coffee table being used to hold snacks, plates, and drinks.
the wooden table top.
man with black tights holding surfboard.
A shirtless man holding a surf board.
A standing giraffe facing left.
A shorter giraffe next to a taller one with cloudy skies behind them.
A black and white striped zebra running on the left side of a giraffe that is also running.
The backside of a zebra running from a giraffe.
a bird in the sand, the one without his shadow.
The bird to the left.
The dog is watching the TV.
A small, white dog getting really excited about what's on the television.
Baby elephant hiding behind adult's trunk.
A smaller standing African Elephant.
bus to the right.
person wearing red outfit.
A boy in red shirt and brown shorts chases a yellow Frisbee.
a swirly donut.
A twist glazed donut on a white plate.
Man in the red, whte and blue outfit leaning towards the white bus.
The left half of a club sandwich.
sandwich on the left side.
A giraffe laying down.
A giraffe relaxes in the grass among the rocks on a sunny day.
A red and white soda cup with a straw.
coca cola cup with a straw.
A man in a green shirt.
A man in a green shirt, behind a pizza with green toppings.
An elephant stands behind another one near woods.
An elephant with two long tusks.
the woman in a white shirt who is not playing the wii.
person on right.
A man who is skeeing in a large blue winter jacket and black pants.
Young male skier wearing dark blue jacket and red and orange beanie.
A clear glass that is empty sitting behind a glass of brown liquid.
A clear glass with no liquid in it.
Couch in the background with two blankets on the side.
Dark brown leather couch along a wall.
the umbrella on the right.
A umbrella in a glass that is sitting underneath another umbrella.
coffee cup.
There is a coffee mug on the right side of the picture.
A white cup with soup in it.
A cup of soup.
parked toyota car.
car on the street in the left side of the image.
the giragge on the left.
A giraffe facing the left, eating branches from a tree.
A powdered donut on a plate, stacked below a donut with nuts on it.
The powdered sugar donut.
A red doubledecker bus with number 53 on the display.
it is a red bus.
This is a black bird next to another black bird.
A bird nuzzled under the other bird.
The white minivan.
The light colored car in front of the train and bus.
A long wooden bench.
brown railing in front of green chairs.
A man with a ball in front on him.
baseball.
A tall man wearing blue pants with a tennis racket.
Man in a white shirt without a hate holding a tennis racquet.
The horse in front of the striped poles.
a horse on a cake.
Tooth brush kept in stand.
The top half of the closest toothbrush.
A tall giraffe walking next to a shorter giraffe.
A giraffe walking through some brush, head held high, next to another smaller giraffe.
Cat on bottom left of other three cats.
cat sitting the perch on the left.
Broccoli forming the "hair" in a piece of food-art.
Some broccoli is placed at the top of a dish of food arranged to look like a person.
the man who's head is not visible.
headles man with umbrella.
A small, white lamb eating grass.
A lamb eating some grass to the left of another lamb.
The tallest child, wearing black tall socks.
A boy with a little girl's hand on his shoulder.
a man wearing black and red cap and t-shirt.
A man preparing the pizza for a small boy.
A man wearing a black shirt sitting in a chair makes a hand gesture.
The person in the black shirt whose face is not visible.
The woman with the white shirt.
the person with white shirt.
A man in a black suit and a grey tie.
a man in a suit stands by a Christmas tree.
a man without glasses.
man wearing santa hat.
A woman wearing a blue jacket.
A woman with an umbrella and a brown bag.
3 slices of uneaten pepperoni pizza.
The side of an elephant behind another elephant.
A SMALL ELEPHANT IS STANDING NEAR A BIG ONE.
The stem of broccoli facing it's crown to the camera.
clump of broccoli in front.
White bottle of Futur E moisturizer with directions label.
A bottle of FUTUR E Moisturizer.
A zebra with his head down eating the grass in front of him near the giraffe.
A zebra behind a giraffe eating grass.
toy on plate next to cake.
The spaceship shaped piece of food.
A kid in a dark blue and white striped shirt playing Wii Bowling.
A kid wearing glasses and a striped shirt playing video games.
blurred man in striped shirt.
blur of a man in blue checked short sleeved shirt.
The chair leg closest to the dog's face.
Chair leg beside the dog in the front.
The plane in front of other three.
White AirTrain airplane on the right of 3 other airplanes on a runway.
the tallest giraffe on the left.
A man in a blue shirt getting assistance by another man with tying his necktie.
A man in a blue shirt.
A child in a white shirt.
Baby wearing white t shirt and light ash color pant next to blue t shirt wearing boy.
man flying a disc wearing a white banian.
man in white shirt and visor.
A green open umbrella.
A green umbrella in front of a blue umbrella.
The container of yellow liquid.
A container containing orange juice.
A red, orange, and yellow-ish apple in a fruit bowl.
The apple closest to the bananas.
A red quilted chair facing the camera across from another chair and table.
the pattered, pink cushioned chair with wooden back closest to fireplace.
The shorter of the two giraffes.
a giraffe leaning toward the right.
the seat where her feet are resting.
The seat that the suitcase is primarily sitting on.
the largest spoon on the tray.
Big spoon on the side of a tray of food.
waiter wearing a blue apron.
The person wearing the apron.
Pizza pie portion to the left.
Slice of pizza immediately to the left of a pizza slice being removed from the plate.
A person wearing blue color jacket wearing goggles.
A guy in a grey jacket holding a black Burton snowboard.
Bear with no hat.
A teddy bear with floppy ears.
first Bench.
A road side bench, right side to the ruspidge board.
A pan full of broccoli.
The broccoli.
part of the back of a shinny grey car.
A white car.
large canoe boat with bananas on top of green material.
the boat full of banannas.
Train with yellow front.
The train with 378 214 on it.
serving spatula.
The serving knife closest to the cake.
a umbrella.
A colorful umbrella on a boat.
a man wearing a blue jacket standing next to a woman.
man in blue jacket and jeans.
a girl wearing a fake indian headdress licking a donut in front of a boy.
the girl licking the food.
lower plant sitting on the floor in the corner of the room.
A houseplant on the floor in the corner.
The black chair that the boy that is eating is sitting on.
Dark folding chair.
semi truck carrying a carnival ride.
a white truck.
pizza on a plate.
Piece of orange closest to the white cake.
An orange slice with some chocolate sauce on it.
The sandwich on the right.
Piece of sandwich that is closets to the barley and rice dish.
A motorcycle with a storage box behind the seat.
A motorcycle with a storage container.
one guy wearing black tshirt and crossing the road.
The man in the black shirt and red shorts that is carrying his skateboard.
A woman lying in some snow wearing skis.
empty bench next to the woman holding the fork.
A white bench is being sat on by an elderly lady.
The child in the outer most right side of the photo, he is standing upright and facing towards the left side of the photo.
A small boy standing straight in the playground.
A laptop being held up by a box.
the laptop in the top right corner.
A brown dish of food.
A brown plate on white place mat with two pieces of toast framing a cheese dish.
A man with light brown hair bends over a counter while filling out a form at a wine tasting.
A man looking down at a paper and writing with a pen.
A bunch of green apples just below the mushrooms.
Some green apples.
A black duffle bag lying on the floor.
Black small bag on the floor by itself.
A bear eating a pumpkin to the left of the tree in a zoo exhibit.
dog in the left side of the image.
A parked white Ford SUV.
A light colored Ford SUV parked along the street.
bowl of broccolli with stars.
Two stars with eyes.
The left half of a sandwich.
A slice of pizza in the air above plate.
a piece of pizza not on a plate.
A man in a blue shirt plays Wii with other people.
a man with a blue shirt.
A black and white dog catching a Frisbee.
black and white border collie looking up at a red frisbee trying to catch it.
A kid wearing brown.
a boy with camoflage pants and a brown shirt.
Person in theater mask with gold tie.
A man wearing a mask and a shiney gold necktie.
A baby child.
Baby sitting on a blanket next to a dog.
There is big sheep sitting with small sheep.
A mother sheep sitting in the grass.
The blond haired woman is holding a Frisbee.
a woman in a halter top holding a frisbee.
The black horse next to the white horse.
The pure black horse at the end of the line.
The bright eyed guy on the end to the right.
the man on the far right.
A car in a river next to a boat.
A grey Range Rover parked in water.
A double decker bus with a Bombardier logo on the side.
An orange double decker bus is on the street.
A bowl of soup in a whie bowl that has an egg on top and the spoon is in the bowl.
White plate with bowl of soup on top.
The player who is at bat.
A player in white dresses id hitting the ball.
The dark green duffel bag.
A green duffel bag that's in a carriage and is underneath some other bags.
A parking meter reading 01:13.
Time meter that reads 1:13.
A baseball bat being held in a player's left hand.
man doing scating.
A woman in white and blue skiing.
The small clear bowl holding red sauce.
A side dish of ketchup ready for dipping fries in.
a black man in an apron.
the dark skinned man with apron.
A giraffe with its head lowered, walking towards another giraffe.
It is the closest giraffe that is also in an enclosure.
the vehicle across the street, on the right side of the other car.
the car behind the man on the phone in the center in the right hand picture.
a woman sitting at a wooden table eating pizza.
A woman in her 40's.
Blue cupcakes sitting in a clear container.
a bench in a forest.
brown park bench in front of a group of people.
small red toy bed with roses.
A small knit red and pink bed for a stuffed animal.
This is the tan chair without a blanket on it.
The partially obscured couch,with a pillow, and remote, next to the curtains.
the back of the white car.
a white car with its red brake light on in the rear window.
A man in a blue shirt and shorts holding a baby.
a man holding a baby.
The spine of a blue book that says London.
A blue book with white letters on the spine.
A woman wearing pink color hat and dress.
a woman in a bucket hat.
elephant whose head can't be seen.
An elephant standing behind two other elephants under a shelter.
A blurred photo of a broccoli stem.
A yellow and blue miniature train.
A Yellow train engine bearing the words Chessie System.
Top of an empty chair.
An empty chair at a wooden table.
A woman wearing a black jacket.
The red hed.
The small piece of sandwich.
A half of a sandwich with lettuce exposed.
A male in an orange shirt surfing in the ocean.
a person surfing.
A white blurry boat.
A man in a checkered shirt playing the Wii.
Man wearing plaid shirt and blue shorts standing up.
Grey monitor to left of television.
A grey computer monitor on a desk.
A small orb like vase painted with flowers.
a lady with brown hair, checkered scarf sitting down.
Woman sitting down to the right of man on cellphone.
A knife with a black handle sitting next to fork.
man in background wearing red hat.
The gentleman wearing a white shirt and white shorts, he is also wearing a red baseball cap and looking downward.
A white and blue sailer flag on the boat.
a blue colored boat parked in the sea.
sandwich that is not cut.
bread inn the left side of the plate.
a umbrella behind one umbreela and beside another.
tv laying on its screen on sidewalk.
A black TV laying screen down.
A man with a black wrist band is holding a tennis rack with his right leg up.
A tennis player in full extension after just hitting a tennis ball.
a chair behind a large stuffed dog.
A living room chair with red seating.
A fork upsidedown on a plate of cake at a fancy table.
A fork laying on a plate with a cake.
a pink bowl with a banana in it.
A worn white plate with a banana sitting on it.
A scowling woman.
A MAN WEARING BLUE COLOR TSHIRT SITTING NEAR BY A OLD MAN WEARING YELLOW AND BLUE COLOR LINED  TSHIRT.
Cauliflower piece lying above a green colored piece of cauliflower in a steel vessel.
Two green pieces of veggies with a medium sized piece of cauliflower coming off to the upper right side.
Goofy's body.
body of the man wearing Goofy's face.
a bland woman.
Woman faces us.
A young man helping cut the cake.
A younger man gingerly touching a sword next to an older man.
Black rolling bag.
The black suitcase.
A boy with black t-shirt watching his friend jumping to hold a disk.
A man in a black shirt.
a white and blue woman.
The lady with short hair and colorful scarf.
A white airplane.
An airplane parked at an airport.
A snowboarder.
Snowboarder not on snow.
Rear of truck, leftmost.
The back of a van ahead of the bikers.
The plant hanging in the window.
A plant in front of a window with a yellow curtain.
Man playing with a little girl.
The gentleman on the skateboard, holding the little girl up. He is wearing a red baseball cap, a polo style shirt, and mid-wash blue jeans.
a man wearing a tie.
A man in a blue shirt, blue jacket and pink tie.
Zebra standing on its own.
A zebra with its ears layed back standing apart from two other zebras.
A boy wearing a black zip up and backwards hat swinging his arm.
person in black coat and faded blue jeans in background.
A large decorative box under a smaller decorative box.
A woman taking a picture with a light blue phone.
A woman wearing a Santa hat holding up her blue phone.
A person on a bike holding up an umbrella at the same time.
A man riding a bike and holding an umbrella.
A skier on knees waving.
A snowboader in a black, blue and white jacket kneeling in the snow.
a blue bus with zona E written on its front.
A blue colour zona E bus.
the maroon sofa.
The couch closest to the woman's right foot.
A wii remote.
A Wii controller, with Wii written on the label.
A reflection of a bed in the mirror.
The bed in the reflection.
A white and blue airplane.
the big airplane in front.
the front of the black car next to the bus.
The blue car next to the bus.
A blue fedex branded train.
A blue train car with 5 windows, white writing on the side, and a blue, pink and white design below the writing.
A bus white with red color which is on right.
A red and white bus reading IPSWICH RAIL STATION 66 on the display.
A fuzzy picture of the white chair sitting outside in front of a dog playing with the frisbee.
Blue chair located in backyard.
an elephant with wrinkly trunk.
an elaphant right in front of the camera with others down below.
Seagull in back.
A woman in a pink sweater holding a blender.
A woman in a pink shirt holds a blender.
dinning table with food.
wooden table in the image.
the bottom cat in the picture on the right.
a cop car with the door open.
A police car with an open door.
A boy with the word Fifty written in white on his red shirt.
A boy wearing a red shirt with the word Fifty on it.
A man sitting on a concrete platform.
A young man sitting on a mattress.
A table with two plates and a cup.
A blue table cloth with paper plates of food on it.
The chair of the woman who is behind the woman reaching for her glass.
The back of a chair with a woman sitting in it.
big bear.
The adult polar bear.
A bear is looking into the distance.
Bear looking over their shoulder.
yellow color taxi on the road.
A NYC taxi.
a bike on the left.
The Red Bull bike that whose rider is more visible.
a man in a brown shirt holding a game remote.
A smiling man in a brown shirt.
A woman in a purple shirt sitting at a table.
a women was smilling.
coffee in a white cup.
to go coffee cup.
A wine glass with some dark wine in it.
Glass on left.
The sitting man with the camera.
A man with a camera.
The horse furthest to the right.
Horse nearest fence.
bearded man holding wii remote.
A man standing resting his left hand on a grey color chair.
man in brown coat pointing the truck.
The man in brown pointing.
the giraffe looking right.
The necks and heads of two giraffes.
Horse at back of picture in 3rd place with outstretched legs.
Child in the far left of the background.
smiling child in the left side of the image.
A mother reading a book to child laying in bed.
The woman laying by the child.
The person in the black sleevless shirt, facing right, sitting behind the first umbrella.
A woman kneeling behind a umbrella wearing a blue tank top.
A white wooden furniture frame.
A glass bottle to the left of a larger bottle.
The bottle with the smaller lable.
The first surfboard on the right next to the sign.
Profile of a skater sitting.
A man on a bench watching a skater.
A silver car reflected in a window.
A white sedan's reflection in a window.
A desert cake.
A pineapple upside down cake.
The computer screen has multiple windows open.
A computer monitor with three programs open.
bat that the batter is holdig on the right.
A bat held under a man's left arm.
the birthday girl with glasses going to blow our her candles.
A woman with glasses on.
black bird on left tangled in plant leaning on other bird.
A baby bird resting its head on another bird.
A sandwich is right side of the plate.
Triangular shaped sandwich to the upper right of an identical sandwich.
A bald man in a white t-shirt talks trash while playing Wii.
a man in a white t-shirt and glasses.
Groom standing next to bride.
The groom in the tuxedo.
The wine glass in the bottom right of the picture.
The glass in the bottom right.
There is a bench where a couple is sitting and kissing.
The bench with the two people kissing and sitting on it.
An elephant standing next to a young elephant and infront of another adult elephant.
mom elephant.
Man in a blue shirt.
A men smiling and wearing lavender color shirt.
A woman standing on pavement next to a cart.
Bottom half of person standing in black coat , pants and shoes by luggage cart.
A young lamb being comforted by its mother.
A pair of baby lambs with their mother.
A brown sofa.
A brown leather couch is in the living room to the left of the room.
the vacant white seat on the right.
A white spoon in a left hand.
THE WHITE SPOON IN THE HAND.
The elephant that is most clearly visible in the picture.
The elephant with no tusks whose face is seen.
a sheep being help by the lady in the black shit; left side of the picture.
The animal being petted by the blonde lady.
the two bananas at the back side.
bunch of bananas.
Bird sitting on tree below oteher bird.
A full bodied sillouette of a vulture sitting on a branch.
The light brown luggage on the luggage cart, second piece from the left.
The light brown suitcase.
A man with spiky hair and glasses is testing out a Wii system at a retail store.
Man in a jacket with a Bluetooth in his ear holding a Wii remote.
a sofa chair in a hall.
back and right arm of chair.
a roasted pizza ready to eat.
Pizza.
standing giraffe.
A GIRAFFE LAID DOWN HIS NECK AND EATING GRASS.
A BURGER NEAR THE CABBAGE IN THE WHITE PLATE.
Half of sandwich with meat showing.
A MAN WEARING RED T-SHIRT &  TROUSER.
A boy wearing a red shirt.
skier in front, leaning into turn.
front skier.
A train with three red lights at the top.
A train with two Americal flags.
End arm of a brown couch near the woman's elbow.
Bearded man with a red tie and tattoos on his fingers.
A balding man in a suit with tatoos on his hands taking a photo of himself with a cell phone.
A zebra behind another zebra.
A zebra facing to the left.
man in plaid shirt.
The boy with the plaid shirt is looking at the computer.
the bowl of food near the camera.
A plastic container that contains brocolli, rice, and other foods.
The man in the uniform with the 6.
A baseball player with jersey #6.
A zebra laying down on the dirt next to a tree.
A zebra laying down in the dirt outside./.
A cow, at the front of the herd.
A cow with a part of the tail is visible.
This is a girl dressed in blue jumping on a bed.
Girl in white and blue pajamas jumping on the bed.
This is a bowl of vegetables and seasoning with two utensils placed in the food.
A bowl of food with two utensils in the bowl.
The silver fighter jet.
A fighter jets above two other smaller aircrafts.
The person riding the elephant on back.
The young elephant rider in the background of the photo somewhat hidden by another elephant.
The man staring at the guy in the middle.
the ball boy in the black shirt.
A man wearing black shirt and tan khakis that is hidden behind a tennis ball.
The banana in the middle of the bunch that is touching an orange.
The banana in the middle in front.
A white surfboard with it's front half sticking out of the water.
A white surf board in the water.
There is red bus back of a women in pink t-shirt.
A horse with a white mane standing behind another similar horse.
The top of the horse's head in the back.
A black car driving near the silver car on the street.
A black car beside a grey one.
A piece of broccoli.
The orange closest to the banana.
orange between other oranges and a banana.
The tan cow that is hidden behind the white lattice fencing.
A brown cow standing behind the fence.
a small white fridge with magnets on it.
A half-sized frigde door.
A blonde girl wearing a pink outfit is at a picnic table with a little boy.
A blonde girl in a pink shirt sitting at a picnic table.
A cream color sofa cover.
white sofa in house.
The wooden table.
A wooden table with a pizza on top.
A white stop sign instructs to stop for pedestrians.
A stop signal board erected right side of the road.
woman wearing a black long sleeved shirt.
A woman with a black long sleeved shirt and a skirt with circles.
A laptop computer.
the apple product on the right.
Brown couch under the electric guitar player.
the sofa cusion on the left.
The woman looking at the camera.
A woman wearing a brown hooded sweatshirt with her mouth open and eyes wide.
The sandwich has bacon on it.
A sandwich with bacon sticking out on a white plate.
A boy wearing a helmit, yellow shirt and khaki pants runs.
A young baseball player running down the baseline.
blue boat with lots of rigging in front of boat with two men in orange on it.
large blue boat.
A man in baseball uniform with dark hair and eyes standing to the right of another, shorter baseball player.
The taller of two men in an old picture wearing baseball uniforms.
Back of a bus.
the back end of a red fire truck.
BLACK HORSE.
a black horse standing next to a tan horse.
Man singing.
A lead singer who is in the middle of singing on stage.
A white bowl placed beside a pizza.
WHITE COLOR BOWL WITH FOOD.
A vase to the left of the other vase.
A flower vase sitting to the left of another flower vase.
Lady in a blue shirt and red scarf eyeing the red wine.
A woman holdig up a wine glass and wearing a red scarf.
A YOUNG GIRL IN PURPLE JACKET ON SKATEBOARD.
A girl in purple skateboarding.
a baby.
A toddler being held up to see the giraffes.
The dark brown colored floor.
brown colored floor in the right top corner.
A small bed closer to the curtains hanging on the wall.
a white and blue couch thing on the left.
The orange in front, on the right.
A phone case patterned in red, white, and blue squares.
An Orange, Blu, and white checkered phone cover.
Man in polo standing in front of cake with candle lit.
A man holding a cake.
A silver car with tailights lit up.
A GREY COLOR CAR WAITING FOR SIGNAL.
Young girl holding up a cell phone.
A little girl holding a red Samsung phone.
Woman wearing white ruffled skirt while skiing.
A girl to the right of a man on skis.
a wine glass behind the food.
A nearly empty red wine glass.
A child wearing blue clothes.
A little boy in blue pajamas.
A child in a black skirt and pants standing on the headboard of a bed.
a girl wearing a black skirt.
A girl in a blue suit in the water on a surfboard.
The kid in the surf on the yellow board.
smallest male wearing white shirt and white and black cap.
A young man in a white shirt and white trucker hat who has just tossed a flying disc.
A man playing the video games along with a lady.
man holding wii controller.
woman in pink sweatshirt that reads ALASKA.
The woman in the pink hoodie that says Alaska.
A boy sits in a row boat near a pier to sell fresh fruit.
A girl in a striped shirt sits with vegetables.
Toes nearly rise up to block the TV screen in front of them.
the leg of a person.
Asian women talking on the flip phone in the back of a car.
a women was speeking cell phone.
The woman hitting a tennis ball to the right of an identical woman.
The woman hitting a tennis ball to the right of an identical woman.
leg of a snowboarder with white pants.
Two feet strapped in to a snowboard.
A couch in the middle of the room.
a white round chair with wood as the base.
The brown mit cake.
A baseball mitt made out of cake frosting.
top left apple.
Shiny green apple to the upper left of the rest of the fruit.
The zebra furthest to the left.
large zebra in the front.
The larger of two plants.
a plant with a flag in it on the side of a smaller identical plant.
A boat behind two other boats.
blue boat.
A big brown cow.
A brown cow standing still while her calf nurses on her.
An empty chair closest to the table.
wooden chairs in the distance, left side.
red, white, and blue tail of an army plane.
The back of a blue, red, and white plane that says USA/Army.
a man in jeans.
a man wearing a blue jeans carrying a travel bag.
red chair on left.
a fancy couch in a posh house.
A black cow behind a brown cow in a field.
A black steer standing behind a brown steer.
Sandwich to the right with meat and spinach on it.
The piece of sandwich on the right.
a hardcase piece of red luggage with an extendable silver handle.
A red traly near the cycle wheel.
The zebra on the left.
A man in a black coat walking down the street.
man in a long black trenchcoat.
A green couch with a yellow pillow.
Green couch with one pink and one yellow pillow.
the monitor below the girl with the red skirt and black sweater.
a Dell computer monitor that is on the left.
The mostly hidden horse with the rider who is looking to his right.
Dark brown horse in the middle of the group.
dark brown horse.
A red tour bus parked to allow passengers on.
A dark orange charter bus sits idle as passengers stand near its entrance.
a green sofa with a little boy sitting on it.
The area of couch between the little boy in red and the woman in white.
The cow with its head in the air.
cow in the back side of the image.
The back end of a zebra to the right of another zebra.
zebra walking towards illuminated part of wall.
A person holding a polkadotted umbrella.
Woman beneath umbrella.
A horse being ridden by number 6 jockey.
Horse which has a blue color rein.
A man in a striped shirt and glasses sitting at a table across from another man.
Man in striped shirt sitting on a striped chair.
A sofa.
a gray sofa.
a sofa in home.
couch.
horse to the right.
A white hose with brown spots.
a brown loveseat with a striped afghan on the arm.
a loveseat.
A man with a black and white stripped shirt and rolled up jeans standing on a skate board.
The guy on the skateboard.
A beige couch with two decorative pillows sitting on it next to a wall.
a couch with two pillows, near a window.
A giraffe facing the camera.
The giraffe looking right at the camera.
A giraffe looking at a kid and older man.
A giraffe looking at a man and child.
the man with an apple on his head.
Man in a crate with an apple on his head.
the horse on the far right.
A horse up on its hind legs with a woman rider.
Black mens skis on the white snow.
The boat in the back with the roof.
The last ship in line.
The wine glass closest to the camera whose stem is not showing.
A woman wearing glasses.
A woman in floral pattern black shirt with glasses.
A man wearing a green button up looking at the view with a woman.
A man in a green shirt looking out over a pier.
person on the right.
The car with its door open.
A car that has it's door being opened by a man.
A piece of sandwich below another piece of sandwich.
The sandwich underneath the other sandwich.
the taller giraffe whose head is not visible.
A tall giraffe.
A brown goat wearing a brown collar with a bell and a red and yellow tag on his ear.
a sheep to the left of another sheep.
Plate which was carried by the person.
The bowl in the left hand.
A woman in a pub is standing with her arms crossed behind another woman.
A woman with her arms crossed sitting behind another woman.
Parked Bicycle.
The bike to the left of a blue handled scooter.
blue cloth in chair.
Folded up material on a chair in the background.
A blonde haired girl eating food from her right hand.
A girl in a flowered top sits and eats a snack.
A boy in black and a black beanie.
a man petting sheep behind a fence.
A man in a blue jacket riding on a yellow bicycle.
A man in a blue jacket wearing dark blue pants with a white stripe who is riding a bike.
A car covered in graffiti.
a car covered in graffiti.
small slice of pizza with fork and knife under it.
back most pizza slice.
One half of a toasted sandwich sits behind a bowl of soup.
A bread sandwich is touching the soup bowl.
Zebra standing in front of another zebra, drinking from water.
woman in oragne on the bench.
amn reading in the park.
A houseplant in a grey tin.
Box with word Dalas on it.
A black and yellow box that says NDALAS at the top.
The gentleman holding the baseball bat.
Batter in mid-swing.
hand.
the hand in the right hand picture.
a man wearing checked shirt bearing goblet.
man's plaid shirt and hand, the parts not shown behind the wine glass.
A sheep looks straight at the camera.
goat face.
A man wearing a suit and a salmon or orange tie.
a man in a black suit an beige colored tie.
Racquet with a brown handle.
The tennis racket of the player scratching just above his ear.
The person sitting down.
The man sitting down and leaning back with his hands entwined.
A cell phone with a full physical keyboard and a screen.
A cellphone with a qwerty keyboard and a "slide-able" screen.
A tennis player in a blue shirt and blue pants about to serve the ball.
Guy with Blue shirt preparing to serve a tennis ball.
A bride cutting the wedding cake.
The bride cutting the cake.
The shorter giraffe compared to the other giraffe.
A young giraffe standing next to a larger giraffe in a field adjacent to trees.
a cup on the bottom.
a bathroom mug sitting below another mug.
crosswalk on left signaling okay to walk.
A traffic light shows a man walking.
A bag which was carried by a woman wearing black dress.
a black bag.
The dog down on the ground.
dog in the bottom side.
a red and white train on the tracks.
A red and white train car alone on abandoned tracks.
a man in a blue shirt holding a surfboard.
Surfer wearing a blue wet suit.
a man in a blue jacket looking off in the horizon.
A man wearing a denim jacket.
the green fabric strap of a small bag.
Bed on right side on which a bag is kept.
A man in white work pants in front other other workers.
A man in light brown shirt, white pants, and green suspenders working on equipment.
the zara shopping bag.
zara bag that the man is holding.
A spoon on top of another spoon.
Silver spoon on top of another spoon.
The horse that is on the left.
THE HORSE WHICH IS NOT VISIBLE FULLY.
man yelling at elderly man while holding cell phone.
man wearing black coat and red plaid scarf.
A white remote control in a box with a kitten.
a wire basket with a kitten in it.
The black laptop in the middle of the other 2 laptops.
The lap top which has got green monitor that is near the white one.
a man in a black uniform, wearing a black hat.
asian man in military uniform wearing a dark colored hat.
Boat with blue seats docked in front of another boat.
the closer boat.
A motorcycle with a man standing next to it.
A motorcycle with a man standing next to it.
the donut laying in the sauce.
A fried pastry in some brown sauce.
A woman with dark hair stares intensely ahead as she plays Wii.
woman playing the wii.
The ski on the right side of the backpack.
Right ski tied to pack.
The blue umbrella in the far top left corner.
A large umbrella on a restaurant patio near four young men eating bar food.
A giraffe which is close to the kid.
A tall giraffe reaching out to a child.
Half of a sandwich on white bread between two other sandwiches.
the piece of bread under the other piece on the plate.
The sandwich that is in the middle.
the middle hot dog and a row of 3.
A table with food on it.
The table that the people are sitting at.
the sandwich with no bread on top.
The burger that only has a tomato and cheese on top of it.
A dirt bike numbered 47 being ridden by a man in black, on a muddy course.
a motorcycle with the number 47 in yellow.
A pizza in the background of another pizza.
Runny omelet in back of plate.
A chair with its back directly to the laptop's table.
Boat with 04 written on it.
the boat with written 04.
The cot on the extreme right of the camera.
a bed to the right.
animal closest to camera.
A ram looking to the right in front of the camera.
A person wearing a blue coat with a snowboard laying on the snow.
A women in a blue coat who has fallen while snowboarding.
an older woman.
A lady near the cake and her hand holded by a gentleman.
A stuffed pink bear between a yellow and pink bear and a Winnie the pooh bear.
pink teddy bear.
The giraffe more to the left.
the giraffe on the left.
A single leg in dark blue jeans wearing a running shoe.
Leg of a person wearing blue jeans and sneakers standing next to dog.
Man in vest using laptop.
man in black vest and sunglasses on.
A woman in black baseball cap, tight jeans, black shirt and purple ugg boots.
a woman in tight jeans leaning against a storefront.
red dump truck.
Red truck.
A man reclining in a beach chair.
A man on the beach reading his tablet.
A red luggage bag.
redluggage bottom left.
The couch on the right, where the woman wearing a dress is sitting.
Couch next to window with woman sitting on it.
yellow frisbee on man's hand.
A yellow frisbee.
Some kind of brown sauce in a small plastic cup.
A cup of brown sauce in a transparent cup sitting on top of a beef steak.
A messy pile of blankets on a bed.
The blanket underneath the window.
A white man with a blue shirt and jacket standing with another man and two women.
A man in a button down shirt smiling.
A sausage link atop other sausage links.
a sausage ink on the top.
white micro wave oven near a pink one.
the white microwave on the left.
A woman in a black jacket and pick long sleeve shirt standing on a dock.
A woman was standing.
Guy standing in background with black cap on and black shirt with blue decoration on it.
A man in black watching the man in white.
smaller ANA airplane to the front.
The plane fully visible.
A surfboard with a young man in a white t-shirt standing immediately next to it.
blue surf board next to boy with blue shorts.
Wide eyed cat.
Cat with a chipped ear.
Only van whose front end is visible.
The grey car is not affected when the racing motorist splashes muddy water, but alas the woman in scooter is affected.
Baseball player with beard on pitcher mound.
An Oakland As pitcher looking towards the outfield.
a food on tabule.
The giraffe that the person's hand appears to be resting on.
Giraffe standing slightly ahead of others.
a glass was on the table.
a glass with liquid in it.
Boy wearing healmet with bat on the ground.
There is one child with helmet and cap both on his head holding a bat.
A giraffe behind a gate leaning its head down.
A large giraffe with its head lowered facing a baby giraffe.
A utility truck.
A crane driving on the street.
lady holding glass on the hand.
a woman in a black dress is making a strange face while reaching for her wine glass which is on a table with food and dishes.
A mug with a picture of a dog on it.
a black mug with a picture of a dog on it.
A pink, oriental umbrella faces the camera.
an umberlla have white color & a women can get from china.
the back of the brown wooden chair.
A brown chair.
The sofa with a white towel on it.
Reclining chair covered by blanket.
a parked motorcycle to the far left.
The piece of pizza that contains two slices of tomato.
person riding bicycle with dog in basket.
Man on the bike.
Woman wearing red hat not hitting the ball.
A hot dog with ketchup on top.
hot dog furthest from camera.
Person wearing skii's next to the orange hoodie person.
Green apples are in a white bin next to a bin or oranges and plums.
A bunch of green apples on a fruit stand also containing plums and clementines.
half of a grilled cheese sandwich sitting on top of its other half.
sandwich half on top of other sandwich half.
man seated on far end of couch, to left of man in plaid.
man in middle with solid grey shirt.
A calico cat sitting on a purple plaided blacket with a persons hand touching it.
A cat staying on top of the purple and green blanket and touched by a hand.
A book of papers with a cat on the top.
The binder with the gray cat laying on top of it.
CAKE PIECE WITH FOLK IN THE WHITE PLATE.
A fruit cheesecake on a plate.
A man in black coat and boots with beige pants and gloves.
A man with a beard, smiling, about to go skiing.
A young boy wearing a white shirt riding a brown horse along the beach behind an older man on a horse.
youg child.
A coffee cup standing on a table.
A coffee cup with a lid on it.
A blue truck.
The blue dump truck.
The airplane with the green stripe on the tail.
An airplane with red, green and navy stripes painted on it's back wing.
a tray of carrots.
A container of baby carrots.
A piece of green luggage.
The green suitcase with a handle up.
A serrated knife.
a steak knife with a black handle.
A chair with a box in front of it.
Chair scooted in at table.
The man with the white beard.
A man with a beard wearing sunglasses.
A woman with brown hair holding a cup and playing wii in between two other women and a child.
A woman, wearing a black tank top shirt, seated between two other women.
A man in orange shorts playing tennis.
A guy playing tennis with orange pants.
This is a storage unit wagon in traffic with other vehicles.
A silver truck parked directly in front of a yellow van.
A lady wearing tennis shoes, kakhi pants, a black jacket, sunglasses, and a helmet.
The girl with the helmet riding on the back of the motorcycle.
An armchair next to a row of windows.
A geometric patterned chair sits between a coffee table and a large window.
An orange bus in between two other buses.
The bus in the middle.
A MINERAL WATER BOTTLE IS AT THE DINING TABLE NEAR THE FOOD.
A water bottle on table behind the food.
baseball player in a white uniform trying to catch a ground ball.
A man chasing a ball on a field.
Bear cub climbing up into woman's lap.
A bear cub with his head on a woman's knee.
A bowl of cherries and grapes sits beside a bowl of salad and a bowl of carrots and peas.
A bowl of Grapes and Cherries sitting with other bowls of veggies and appetizers.
giraffe sitting on ground.
A giraffe sitting down.
A giraffe standing behind a tree.
A giraffe behind a tree.
reflection of cat.
Upside down reflection of a cat.
A red color boat in water with wordings troon.
the farthest away boat.
Engine and propeller of a fighter Jet on its left side.
The plane propeller is not moving.
The man with the gory makeup on primarily in the image.
a man dressed in a costume all covered in blood.
Roof of the hut the woman is sitting under.
The straw umbrella that is over the woman opening a condiment package who is facing the camera.
Red and yellow umbrella sheltering people in car.
red and gold umbrella over convertable car.
A keyboard that is sitting on the table between the two laptops.
The keyboard that is not part of either laptop.
A wood rocking chair painted red.
The red chair to the front.
The hot dog and bun on the front of the plate.
A man with a red shirt #54 getting ready to swing the bat at home plate in a baseball game.
A baseball player wearing a shirt number 54.
A man wearing a charcol sweater.
A man in a sweater with arm around a woman's shoulder.
The woman wearing the beanie.
A woman in a coat and hat bending down next to a child.
The racquet in the hand of the woman with the glasses.
Black and white tennis racket held by a blond woman embracing a second blonde woman.
A horse that is covering up another horse.
two clydesdale horses on a carriage.
A woman in a bink sweater covering a white dress with pink flowers.
A woman wearing a backpack taking a picture on her phone.
A young girl with black hair in a plaid dress playing with a toy kitchen set.
The little girl on the left with black hair and wearing a plaid dress.
A red patterned chair with it's back facing the camera.
A red chair.
The pizza with pepperonis just behind the closest pizza.
pie towards the back with a black handle coming out of it.
One doughnut all by itself.
the donut on the left by itself.
red motorcycle closest to camera.
a red & black color bike in ftont of the three guys.
giraffe in front looking down.
a crouching giraffe.
A white bowl of dipping sauce next to a sandwich.
A brown sauce in a white square bowl.
A piece of toast with jelly on it.
The piece of bread has red liquid on it.
A black and white addida track suit unifrom for men.
A man in a black warm up suit is holding a tennis racquet and ball between a net and another man.
A woman snapping a phone of another woman.
The person taking the photo.
A man holding a glass and bread.
A woman with a cute pixie haircut holds up breadsticks and a glass of wine.
A man in a black robe with a black hat.
POLITICAL FIGURED MAN IN LONG BLACK ROBE.
A baby wearing a white and red shirt.
A young baby in red a red and white outfit playing with some blue yarn.
Half a sandwich with lettuce and bacon on very white colored bread.
A hero sandwich on a white plate with lettuce and cold cuts on it.
Biggest piece of broccoli.
a table covered in newspaper.
a table covered in newspaper for crafts.
the magazines through the picture in the right hand picture.
A bowl of carrots on a table.
Cooked sliced carrots in a blue ceramic bowl.
A glass half-filled with beer behind a square plate of food.
A glass of beer to the top left of the square plate.
a police officer sitting on a motorcycle.
a man was sitting on the byek.
There is a van parked next to a school bus.
A gray car parked by a yellow school bus.
Gray van with tinted windows in parking lot.
A various assortment of alcoholic beverages, mostly if not all champagne. Maybe for a house New Years party perhaps.
bowl.
A blue bowl containing shredded carrots.
A man standing behind a table looking at a sitting woman.
A man standing up wearing a grey shirt.
The vase that the pink flowers are sitting in.
A vase with red and pink flowers in it.
a white car.
The back end of a white car turning in front of a blue motorcycle at an intersection.
A man sitting on a sofa wearing a tie.
An african american male wearing a white shirt with grey pants sitting on a couch next to a white woman.
Sliced carrots.
Carrots on a white plate.
A person in a blue shirt.
A person's shirt that is light blue.
The horse was in brown colour.
the brown horse,first  from the front.
Two small pieces of cheese pizza sitting on a white plate with blue design around the edge.
The two slices of pizza on the child's plate.
A young man in a white T-shirt touching his mouth.
a person with a ring, touching his face.
The portion of the couch to the woman's left.
A blurry person in white in the background.
A person in white behind the bananas.
The man with medium-long dirty blonde hair.
The only person pictured with no eyeglasses.
A glass of water sitting behind the sandwich.
glass of water.
The portion of car and car mirror to the bottom left of the shot.
a woman with violet dress.
a woman with a wine glass.
A piece of bread on a plate.
the top piece of bread for a sandwich.
A shirtless baby in a highchair chewing on a blue item.
baby with a blue object in its mouth.
a wooden bench with three guys sitting.
A wooden bench people are sitting on.
A baseball player getting ready to bat who is wearing a helmet.
a baseball player holding a baseball bat.
The bottle of sauce labeled HP.
A condiment bottle with HP and a mustache on the label.
A hand holding a hot dog that is mostly eaten.
wood burning oven.
A oven that is turned on with someone reaching in to it.
A mannequin wearing a blue shirt.
A male mannequin wearing lingerie.
A blurry woman dressed in black walking behind a man dressed in black and white.
A blurry woman.
A clean lemon next to a dirty lemon.
A man in an orange shirt and white pants hitting a tennis ball.
A man in a orange shirt hits a tennis ball with a tennis racket.
A silver train in the background.
A passenger train on a railroad track.
An elephant grabbing ahold of a stick.
An elephant with his truck touching a tree branch.
A GUY IN A BLUE SHIRT.
man with black shirt on sitting on couch.
the back of a woman in a white skirt.
A brunette in black with her back turned to a woman talking on a cell phone.\.
childrens play doll brown teddy bear with a golden brown bow.
Tan teddy bear with tan ribbon tied around the neck.
A woman walking with a black umbrella.
A woman holding a black umbrella walking across a street.
A man in a blue shirt holding a plate in a food line at a potluck.
MAN IN BLUE SHIRT.
A lady holding a child.
A grandmother holding her granddaughter while having lunch.
The rear side of an adult African elephant standing in the grass.
the back of an animal.
A man with a helmet.
The man with the helmet on the motorcycle.
Man playing tennis with back to camera wearing a blue shirt and black shorts and tennis racket pointint to his left foot.
tennis player with arms outstretched and one foot behind him.
An airplane with the word united on it.
white united airplane.
pillows from the couch.
gray couch pillow and brown couch pillow on other couch.
The small plate with the pastry which has no icing.
a white plate with a muffin on it.
A white cake on a white table.
a birthday cake.
A person laying in bed by a dog holding a brush in its mouth.
A person off screen laying in bed under the covers.
the cow facing the camera standing behind a cow.
white cow.
The giraffe that is being licked by the other one.
The giraffe being licked by the other giraffe.
a girl sitting in a sofa.
Person sitting on couch in long boots.
A sandwich with a piece of green lettuce on top of it.
A sandwhich with a piece of green parsely on it.
man in a brown shirt holding a frisbee.
A bowl of soup next to a sandwich.
A white bowl of soup next to a sandwich on a white plate.
a dark brown horse.
hourse.
horse on the right.
A dark horse to the right of the other horse.
The person in the blue shirt.
A woman smiling with a knife in a blue shirt.
The red chair on the far right.
A chair on the front of the man whose top portion alone is seen.
wording displayed in bike.
Side car that dog is seated in.
A horse with a white stripe going down the front of his face that is also being ridden by a female.
a brown and white horse is ridden on a beach.
The closest chair to the photographer.
bear far left top corner.
A plane with a dreamliner logo on its side.
the ANA flight with wheels.
Pizza with chesse, cherry tomatoes and fresh basil on top.
pizza with a lot of meat topping.
a zebra grazing in the grass.
A zebra up close by the camera eating grass.
wood table.
A woman wearing a black shirt.
A woman in a black shirt and blue Jan.
a man wearing a hat smiling.
A photo of a man during safari with giraffes in the background and a camera in his haand.
A carrot laying between a bowl of cherry tomatoes and another carrot.
A carrot to the left of another carrot.
Some broccolini on a plate.
The asparagus at the bottom of the plate.
slice of pizza with 5 tomatoes and 3 sausages.
The bottom right slice of pizza.
Child baseball player swinging a bat wearing a black and red helmet.
Child batting.
A WHITE CAR TO THE RIGHT OF THE MAN WITH THE LUGGAGE.
A white car parked in a parking space.
part of a giraffe that is shown in the picture.
The blurry backside of a giraffe.
The black horse in front.
black horse grazing.
A glass of ice water.
GLASS OF WATER.
The bowl of soup with crackers broken up on top, just the bowl and crackers, not the plate it's sitting on.
The bowl with crackers on top.
a white unoccupied chair.
White chair in the background that can be seen more of that's close to the cooking pot.
A bouquet of flowers on the table.
MULTI COLOURED FLOWERS ARE ARRANGED IN A POT.
The lowest plane in the sky.
The light colored plane numbered 34.
an orange skateboard.
A red skateboard.
The right half of the sandwich.
Half of a burger with lettuce a mayo to the right of the photo.
THE SMALL SQUARE GREEN & SILVER CAR IS AT THE CURB.
A silver car parked along the street in front of a building.
yellow couch in a family home.
A couch with a man laying on it.
A man in a blue shirt.
A man wearing a blue shirt.
bowl on left with orange peels.
The green and white in the bowl is full of orange slices.
A little boy with a red and blue T-shirt on any lanyard hanging around his neck.
a child wearing a red shirt with blue sleeves.
bed on the right side of room.
A twin bed on the right side of a table and lamp.
a bottle.
A blue and whit spotted jar holding butter on the right.
A bench the skateboarder is sitting on.
cruise ship in background.
A big cruise ship.
A tennis racket that is in the hand of a man in white.
tennis racket on left man in whites holding.
a 3 seat couch with 6 pillows on it.
Dark tan three cushion couch on the right side of a living room.
battered surfboard that a person is carrying.
Man wearing Giants baseball jersey.
a man was speaking in a mouth peace.
The giraffe that is walking behind the other giraffe.
the giraffe in the middle.
The lower portion of table between the blue and green plates of burger patties.
A blue and white table cloth on a table.
The entire train except for the two closest cars.
The horse that is facing backwards and urinating.
The brown and white horse is urinating.
There is an all black keyboard that is partially shown.
The black keyboard.
A plane with a light blue dorsal wing.
the plane in the middle.
The bench that the girl with the stripped shirt and headphones is sitting on.
The soldier standing straight up and not holding anything.
person in short sleeved shirt.
the white puffy mattress.
The right side of a bed next to a man and a dog.
A red and white motorcycle.
The red bike that the boy in red is sitting on.
A white toilet tank.
The top of the toilet.
A blue chair with a brown cushion sits in front of its twin.
a blue chair in front of another blue chair.
A red jeep.
Red truck behind a herd of sheep.
the brown table to the left of the people with the black chairs.
wooden table.
Mr Datz with the number 28.
A baseball player named DATZ.
spoon directly right of the wine glass.
Silver spoon that is to the right of the wine glass and is in the foreground of the photo.
The motorcycle closest to the camera.
the motorcycle handlebars and gas tank in the front.
navy blue luggage with tall handle raised.
The first white bus from the left.
A glass of red wine being held by a woman.
glass on right.
A light-colored couch against a wall.
chair pushed up to table with nothing in front of it.
Wooden chair with nothing in front of it.
The man to the left of the man with the laptop.
A man who is not holding a laptop.
Carrot sitting on cutting board.
The carrot between the bottom carrot and the green onion.
A person wearing white pants and a red shirt.
a unbrella held my a woman.
Plaid style umbrella being held by a gray haired woman.
the man in the green tank top.
a man wearing green shirt.
fork that the bird is not standing on.
A fork which a sparrow is not sitting on.
the white refrigerator.
the fridge in the right hand picture.
a white chair, facing the TV, farthest from the window.
A man in a black shirt with a guitar design on it and black sunglasses.
A man wearing a black shirt with ble graphics.
A leg next to a skateboard.
A persons leg on a skateboard.
A girl in blue pets a horse.
person on right.
The back end of the adult elephant.
A zebra next to a fence.
A zebra which is close to fence.
a white coloured cushion type sofa is placed on a carpet.
A white armchair in a living room area.
The elephant behind the elephant with its mouth open.
A man in a plaid shirt with an orange plate in front of him.
The older man in the dark plaid shirt.
Woman in maroon shirt with flowered undershirt sleeve.
The woman in the red shirt.
The girl is wearing a green jacket.
Girl in green coat.
A woman with a white shirt and brunette hair holding a baby that has blonde hair.
A woman in a white shirt facing a giraffe.
The black and beige backpack to the right of the purple-pink suitcase.
black and beige backpack.
Birds sitting on a person's shoulder and arm.
The person in the grey and white striped shirt.
A lady with long dark hair and a white and grey shirt sitting at a table with a drink with a straw in front of her.
A man on a bicycle.
Man riding a bicycle.
large elephant on the far left of the photo.
large elephant on far left.
A large gray elephant in chains stands over it's child.
An adult elephant.
A blue umbrella held by someone in a red coat.
blue umbrella over the person wearing red and squatting.
A chair that is to the left of the one with the woman sitting on it,.
reflection of cushions.
the second wine glass  from the front.
glass  on tabule.
A bowl of soup with meat and vegetables.
a bowl of soup closest to the camera.
Person holding a baby.
A guy carrying a baby near a door.
A kid slides in the dirt in a game.
A baseball player in a helmet sliding into home.
bun.
The top half of a bagel.
a tennis player with a yellow shirt and black pants.
Tennis player in yellow shirt.
A man playing soccer wearing a green shirt.
A man wearing a green shirt and black pants.
a motorcycle underneath two men.
This motorcycle is being ridden by two men.
A woman's reflection in a mirror brushing her hair.
Reflection of a woman brushing her hair.
Looking at the Mirror while shaving.
man facing laptop.
A smiling kid standing behind a photographer.
Smiling child with glasses and a white shirt.
a goose in mid flight.
The bird is flying out of the water.
A small sheep laying down with it's eyes closed and red spots on it's back.
A sheep relaxing on the grass with its eyes closed.
A player in a red shirt.
Tennis player in a red shirt.
The baby in the white shirt with pink polka dots.
The little baby is looking at the giraffe.
The baby touching the face.
A little girl in a pink shirt wearing a birthday hat pinching her moms cheek.
bar stool that is farthest to the right in the kitchen.
Stool furthest to the right.
A skier dressed in red and white leading a race.
Women skiing with red and white pants and shirt with a black hat.
Boy in white shirt sleeping on a bed.
a small boy sleeping on the end of the bed.
A small mountain goat in the back.
Small baby at the back of the line going up a mountain.
A muffin with red jelly.
a slice of bread with butter and jam on it.
person with sandals.
the sandal ed foot of someone walking away.
A cup of food where the screw lines are visible and there is a large amount of red broth or juice inside.
Container of vegetable soup.
The very dark chair next to the bookcase.
A person holding an umbrella walking ahead of another person holding an umbrella.
The person on the left.
A BLACK COLOURED SIGNAL LIGHT WITH WHITE GLASS.
A traffic light lit green.
man in white shirt.
A man walking in a  blue shirt.
a man was jumping with scating.
a man in yellow t-shirt is holding a mobile.
A man in yellow holding a white glip phone.
A dirty butter knife on a plate, being used to eat food.
Woman in the picture.
the woman in the right hand picture.
a girl in a blue and white striped shirt holding an umbrella.
The girl in the striped shirt.
A baseball player in a blue shirt with a light blue cap clasped to this chest.
A baseball player holding a light blue hat to his chess.
A sandwich on the left side of the plate with tomatoes.
Half a sandwich on the left side of the plate.
right hand standing elephant.
the elephant on the right of the middle elephant.
Red train.
A train with a red door.
SKATEBOARD IN AIR WITH GUY HOVERING OVERTOP.
The man on the right.
the man on the right side.
Wooden flower container.
A silver sedan, parked in a driveway.
A silver car with a spoiler on the back.
The girl standing up.
A woman in glasses walking by a man in a gray sweater.
A brown cow with a white face.
A brown cow with a white face.
AN image of a blurred woman wearing a bag.
A man with a brown backpack outside of a Doughnut shop's window.
A man in a leather jacket looking at a cell phone.
A man in a leather jacket and t-shirt using his hand to shade and object.
A computer monitor between two other monitors.
black framed monitor with white wires in front of it.
A bar stool in between the other bar stools.
The giraffe on the left.
The giraffe on the left hand side.
The person behind the bench by the coffee cup.
a man standing behind a coffee cup.
A man in a white shirt and shorts, holding a yellow hat and a tennis racket.
a man wearing white clothes holding a yellow cap and tennis racquet.
a baseball player in a batting helmet about to run.
A ball player running.
Blonde woman in black shorts.
The player with the white shirt.
A bicycle in the left hand of a man who is walking with another bicycle in his right hand.
A bicycle in the left hand of a Guy.
A clear glass close to the edge of the table.
a glass upside down.
Woman in black shirt holding controller.
the woman with red hair.
A smiling girl holding a white and brown puppy.
LADY IS HOLDING HER PUBBY.
A male in a long sleeve shirt looking at a computer.
A young man with glasses working on an Apple laptop computer.
woman sitting on motorcycle.
Boy with blonde hair riding a motorcycle.
the front cup of water.
A glass of cold water next to the red wine.
the only person in the photo holding a tennis racket.
A young girl wearing a white hat, white shirt, and white shorts carrying a tennis racket.
A wooden table in an Asian inspired restaurant.
edge of the brown table closest to the camera.
left most white umbrella.
The white umbrella on the left.
red, grey, and black car.
A gray and red car behind two boys in a parking lot.
A baseball player in an orange shirt.
The player on the right is wearing an orange shirt and cap.
A large elephant with shortened tusks.
The tallest, lergest elephant.
A large monitor behind a laptop screen.
reflection of the imac on the wall.
A big black bull.
A bull with its hind legs tied together.
a man wearing glasses looking at an Apple.
the person who is looking at the apple.
A women who in cuffing.
The bartender who has her hand to her mouth.
cup on left.
The larger cup of coffee.
Rear of a horse that has a blond tail.
a horse carrying a woman with a grey shirt on.
Brown horse with a white line down it's face standing close to the camera.
A brown horse with a hairy main in front of the other horses.
pug with a pirate hat.
A pug dog wearing a pirate hat.
side reflection of dog looking at self in mirror.
THe full body reflection of a dog.
an extremely happy baby laughing in a sink while bathing.
baby laughing sitting in sink.
There is train on the railway tracks.
black train with yellow on front.
A large animal leading smaller animals on a trail.
A cow walking across the ground in front of other cows.
A black duffle bag with green stripes and a small padlock.
A green duffel bag.
the second bench in the right.
a green bench closest to top right corner.
The blue cup in the front left.
A blue cup rim.
A bottle of pink juice.
The bottle of half-full pink liquid next to the bottle of brown liquid.
A keyboard protector with black key covers and clear background.
A set of keycaps on clear plastic.
a man with an orange T-Shirt with pizza.
A man in orange shirt.
A bus bench with a blonde lady sitting in it.
The empty seat next to the woman in purple.
A red bus on the road.
a red MetroBus.
A man in green pants walking and talking on a cell phone.
A man in a navy blazer and green slacks walks down the sidewalk while talking on his cellphone.
The youngest girl located furthest left.
The child in the chair on the left.
Large plate of food with fork and knife on top.
A large plate of vegetables and noodles.
A vase with two plants.
The vase with the plant with red leaves in it.
a motorcycle riding in front of another motorcycle.
People on a white motorcycle.
The black goat with its head raised.
a black goat looking at the bag.
man's tatooed hand holding a black joy stick.
tattooed arm.
man.
The man on the right side of the picture is dressed up to go out.
The last white bed closest to the doorway.
woman wearing a blue dress.
the lady with the man cutting the cake.
A hose pipe hold by a woman who is standing next to a child in red pants white t-shirt and wet shiny orange umbrella.
A woman holding a hose.
the beige headboard behind a cat.
A faded green motorcycle to the left of another motorcycle.
The dark green bike to the left of the green bike.
couch the woman is leaning on.
the umbrella is kept on field, on it written many text.
top of an umbrella.
plane bottom left.
plane that is being blocked by the railing.
scatting board with person.
A man wearing black dress skiing on ice.
A woman sitting down on a luggage cart in an airport.
woman sitting with a watch and t-shit that is black.
The umpire watching the ball and the batter.
A baseball umpire watching for the baseball.
The couch that the two men in the middle are sitting on.
full sized couch.
A small pizza that is under a tuna pizza sign in the display.
A pizza with a yellow sign on top of it.
A wooden table near to the child.
A kitchen work station made out of wood.
right hand pizza with pepperoni topping.
A pizza with pepperonis scattered on it.
The hand that's holding the pizza cutter.
Fingers holding a pizza cutter.
the front elephant in the right hand picture.
elephant in front.
The skier who is wearing the blue parka.
A person in a blue coat standing on their skis.
The entire body of the larger horse.
large brown horse.
A BOY PLAYING THE FOOTBALL WITH COULLEGS.
meter with green sticker and yellow font.
Coat.
something that almost scared me(black sweater).
A baby bird beside its mother.
baby bird being fed by mother.
A chair covered in floral print with a pink pillow on it.
Floral patterned chair with pink pillow.
a mcdonalds cup.
A white and red McDonalds soft drink cup.
A fast food coffee cup featuring a promotion to win a car.
A Tim Horton's coffee cup.
Man with the glasses in the white shirt.
A man with a long sleeve white shirt and glasses.
a man in a black shirt watching two other people play a video game.
a man in a black shirt.
The number 1182 train.
A shaded giraffe with its head hidden.
A giraffe to the right of two other giraffes eating leaves.
person using skis and pole wearing a white jacket and a back pack.
A person with white overcoat slidding on the snow and two more people following him.
The blonde haired child in the back.
a goal keeper with a foot ball player.
the yellow fridge in the right hand picture.
an old fashioned yellow fridge.
A blue parking meter.
a soccer playerwearing a white shirt.
A man in a white soccer uniform kicks a ball.
wooden fruit bowl.
Wooden bowl with fruit.
the middle giraffe in the right hand picture.
2 giraffes standing near each other, looking in opposite directions.
white striped couch.
the sofa behind the table.
Man in black shirt doing dishes.
A bald man wearing black.
The man with no shirt.
A picture of a shirtless man trying to catch a frisbee.
the right leg of a person playing a baseman in a baseball game.
A leg sticks out ahead of the base.
Wooden end to bench in from of overweight man.
A wooden bench holds several people.
Glass.
A clear dimpled water glass sitting on the table.
a men with blue t-shirt holding other men.
A man standing holding another man's shoulders who is sitting in front of him.
A horse being ridden by a jockey who is standing up.
The horse that is third in line of the four shown, with its jockey in a standing position.
the two apples below the bowl on the table.
The plate with vegetables and meat on it.
The blue and white bowl.
bus in back.
The tall beverage glass that's half full.
a half full glass of dark liquid sitting on a green and white coaster.
The baby on the couch.
An infant girl using a laptop.
The sandwich half on the right side of the plate.
Cross section of half sandwich.
woman in blue jeans on bike.
A women watching friends with cycle.
A man wearing a red tie stands in a photo.
figure in front.
a large flat screen television.
A shaggy, light-brown goat standing behind another, darker-colored goat.
A hornless white goat standing besides a black and white big goat.
A newer macintosh laptop in between two older machintosh laptops.
A laptop where keyboard is viewed fully and a women is typing it.
A tall man wearing a white shirt and holding a Wii remote.
A man in a white shirt holding a Wii controller.
A man wearing a yellow and grey coat with his hands in front of his chesr.
a man in a yelow jacket.
the man in the background watching tennis.
The man that is standing behind the tennis player who is cut out of the picture.
pizza.
A pizza in a restaurant kitchen.
A large luggage case, next to a smaller luggage case.
A green color trolley being pulled by a women.
Snowboarder with yellow coat and goggles.
a snowboarder with a yellow jacket and a full face mask.
the wagon behind the rail guard.
A bowl of food in a white bowl sitting on the table.
An up close shot of stirfried vegetables in a little bowl.
the back of a woman walking to the right of a man.
A woman wearing dark clothes and a nice purse walking beside a man down a street covered in graffiti.
A black cat on left top.
The darker of the two cats.
A young calf eating wheat.
A calf laying on the ground looking up.
A white woman with a black t shirt with her hand over her face.
A woman in a black t-shirt pushing the hair out of her face.
a women was smilling.
The woman in the brown sweatshirt.
The oven directly behind the woman.
Oven directly behind the female chef.
A multi colored balloon being held by a kid.
a multi-colored umbrella being held by a person in a blue jacket and rainboots.
A man with an HBo helmet.
A man in a black suit and an HBO helmet sits on a motorcycle.
A grey bull dog with a scarf on its face lying next to another bull dog.
A dirty white dog wearing a red head scarf.
A black bear eating something on the ground.
A small black bear to the right of another bear.
a lady in an old photograph holding a large briefcase at her side as well as a purse and a jacket on the other arm.
A woman with buttons on her dress holding a suitcase.
Hand with wrist watch and person is wearing brown shirt.
Someone in an orange shirt sitting on a seat outdoors surrounded by brown grass and brush.
There is a suitcase pictured on the bottom that has a graphic design on itn.
A blue suitcase.
The white bicycle.
The bicycle that is closest to the man who is sitting on the bench.
A man wearing a sweatsuit playing the Wii.
male wearing glasses and a black and grey jacket playing wii.
The left third of a green couch.
Tennis racquet in a woman's hand.
tennis racket held by girl wearing pink.
A man with a moustache and tie shaking hands with another man.
A man with a mustache wearing a white shirt.
a white highchair with a baby in it.
a chair at which the boy is sitting.
The back of a stuffed bear's head can be seen in the middle of two others.
Teddy bear just past wagon writing on side.
A guy brushing his teeth wearing a white button up shirt.
a man in a white buttoned shirt brushing his teeth.
A PIGEON FLYING SECOND POSITION WITH ANOTHER ONE.
A bird with a white wing.
A black and white backpack laying on the ground.
A teenage boy smiling and riding his boogy board.
a young boy on a blue boogie board playing in the surf.
the big brown horse.
A large brown horse being led by a man in a grey shirt.
the middle giraffe in the right hand picture.
A giraffe which is showing its body and two legs only.
A blurry brown object on the side of a vehicle towing a dog in a small carriage.
The trunk furthest to the left.
The trunk under the carriage's small wheels.
A tall giraffe standing next to a tall pole.
A giraffe which is very near to the tree trunk.
A man holding a piece of paper.
A man in a sweatshirt sitting on a bench.
Bike tire obscured by light.
The large white light glare over the bicycle.
The man in the long sleeve, white button down shirt.
A man wearing a white collared shirt eating a table with two other men and a woman.
The girl woman hanging on to the dog, she is wearing a green headband.
A blonde woman with a green headband is holding a black and white puppy on her shoulders.
Bigger giraffe behind the fence closest to small giraffe.
A very large elephant standing behind some trees.
Largest elephant partially behind bushes.
A red couch in the living room.
A red colored couch.
A MAN STANDING THE TOILET ROOM FRONT OF THE MIRRIOR.
A man looking to a mirror.
A light brown horse behind the dark horse.
Light brown horse behind a darker brown horse.
brown bag on woman.
The bag on the back of the woman with the turqoise shirt.
A man in a red shirt playing frisbee.
A boy in red t-shirt is playing sport.
The tall piece of black luggage that is the furthest to the right, it is behind a pair of sneakers.
a black luggage case standing on the floor to the right of other luggage bags.
blue backpack that the girl is wearing.
the straps of the backpack.
white lawn chair.
An empty white plastic lawn chair.
A head of purple cauliflower, sitting to the right of two other similar heads of cauliflower.
purple cauliflower closest to front of bin.
A CYCLIST WEARING REFLECTIVE VEST AND HELMET.
person in safety vest.
Giraffe behind others, looking outside/to the right.
A pink toothbrush.
A white and pink toothbrush.
a silver oven with a towel on it.
silver oven range between two white cabinets.
The cat picture in the second row on the left above the black and white sheep.
airplane in middle of picture.
A large aircraft with the word 'Pauling' written on the side.
A man riding a bike with a dog in the basket.
The man riding the bicycle with a dog.
A boat with blue walls on the inside hull.
a little girl fielding a softball.
The pitcher bending down.
The floor plant on the right side of the TV.
A large, leafy houseplant next to a television set.
The back of a open van.
WOMAN SITTING IN VEHICLE COVERED WITH MANY SUITCASES.
A PERSON IN BLACK SHIRT AND BLUE JEANS IN CABINET.
The person in the black shirt and jeans.
The container with the strange brown objects.
small round bowl with brown things in it.
paper cloth.
A large bowl of seafood and vegetables.
An orange bowl with a shrimp dish in it.
Giraffe leaning towards people at fence.
The giraffe that is to the right of the other giraffe.
the green vehicle.
the back of a green van.
a black cellphone in a little girls hand.
A black flip cell phone.
a man behind a group of three ladies by a stop sign.
man behind of the women.
A large adult elephant that is being followed by two small infant elephants.
Big elephant.
A woman with a baby eating a banana.
A woman with a white tank top on holding a baby.
a sitting child with brown hair and a black and white shirt looking at a white apple computer.
The child on the white macbook.
brown and blue couch with matching brown cushions with a lamp on each side.
couch in the left side of the image.
the chair on the right.
A chair at a table behind a table with a donut and coffee on it.
the black thing with the xgames 15 logo.
A shirt with writing draped over a chair.
The bird facing the right.
AN EAGLE STANDING IN THE LEAFLESS TREE SEEING RIGHT SIDE NEAR BY ANOTHER EAGLE.
a caka on tabule.
a tiered wedding cake topped with red and pink flowers.
The chair in between two other chairs at the counter.
A tan wicker chair, in between two other chairs.
A bed with a white blanket.
A single bed with white sheets.
A black haired Asian woman with a purse around her hips.
a girl weared a black dress & handbag and sitting in a bar with her friends.
A small girl.
A child wearing a pink shirt with stripes.
Little girl in pink skirt with glasses making faces.
A small asian girl  posing for a photo snap with the funny action.
The pizza on the white paper.
the pizza with utensils resting on it.
The table with opened laptop on it.
table were the laptop is been placed.
A wooden seat across from the girl.
The bench seat to the picnic table that is across from the little girl.
A person's black hair in the picture without the face shown.
A man sitting in front boy at dinning table.
colorful chair.
the seat to the left of the child.
The second zebra in line.
The middle zebra in a group of three zebras.
the boy dressed in red.
a guy in a red outfit reaching for a frisbee.
a white blanket on a bed.
Bed in the corner with white comforter.
man on back right.
A man holding a black bag.
A balding man wearing a plaid red and white shirt.
The man in the plaid shirt, looking down at the food he is preparing.
A man holding a boy.
A man and a kid posing a photo.
Fire truck behind 3 fire fighters.
firefighter truck in the distance.
girl in pink shirt and bikini surfboarding.
a woman in red shirt surfing.
A green airplane which is a few feet above the ground.
the green and white airplane.
Man with glasses wearing a black suit with a white tie standing between a man with a gray suit and a woman in a white pants suit.
A man with glasses wearing a black suit and shirt with a light tie.
Woman standing next to yellow surfboard.
The woman to the left side of the photo wearing a gray and black wetsuit, holding a golden colored surfboard. The surfboard has a black nose and white stripes on the body.
A woman wearing a head scarf.
The woman waiting to cross the road.
A square sink above a toilet.
A white sink in a store.
the light blue bowl of soup in the background.
the blue bowl behind in the green bowl.
A dark bus in the background.
middle bus behind the protesters.
Someone is skateboarding.
PANT.
A car with a white dog behind the windshield.
A car with 2 poodles in the front seat and a woman driving.
A clock face reading 11:35.
a giraffe leaning toward another giraffe.
a giraffe behind a tree.
The edges of a table.
a woman wearing beige shirt and black pants hitting a tennis ball.
A woman in a cream shirt and black yoga pants playing tennis and serving a ball.
Zebra behind the zebra with hairs.
The zebra that is next to the closest zebra.
Smaller laptop of the two laptops.
small laptop.
Female in green fatigues closest to officer in tan shirt.
A woman with brown hair wearing a blue camouflage shirt, sitting at a table between another woman wearing camoflage and a woman with glasses wearing a tan shirt.
blue arm chair in corner of a room.
The striped blue chair that is to the right of the lamp, under the city picture.
woman riding in the back on bicycle.
a person riding a bike with closed toe shoes on.
A bowl full of green lettuce salad.
A table and big bowl on green stuff on it.
A parachute in the sky behind the man in blue.
Two bears painted on the fence.
Painting of a bear on the side of a barn.
A clear glass dish containing a green vegetable salad.
fruits in the box.
A clock facing a waving UK flag.
clock face 11:35.
A woman with a black shirt and khaki shorts sits on a bench looking at pastries while holding a small paper cup of coffee.
The girl in the black shirt.
Luggage with yellow tag.
A black piece of luggage and a yellow tag.
Ball player number 25.
Player number 25.
a yellow coloured lemon is placed along with other fruits.
A lemon in the middle of a bowl of fruit.
Sake cup placed counter clockwise from sake bottle.
A flower cup sitting behind another identical cup.
The catcher behind the plate with the baseball glove.
An umpire with a glove in behind a baseball player.
A red and blue lego cake portion.
cake with the red lego pattern.
A covered grill with red knobs.
Stainless steel fryer and burner inside a commercial kitchen.
baseball player wearing number 4.
A baseball player wearing the number 4.
man playing tennis.
A man dressed in white swinging a tennis raquet.
A urinal hanging on the wall.
A urinal on the wall.
brown and tan stuffed toy with sign around neck.
The man on the left.
A man that is wearing glasses.
an empty bench next to a woman sitting on another bench.
An empty chair near to a girl.
a young woman holds a girl by a cow.
A woman in a blue shirt holding a toddler.
A bride in glasses watches a man cut a small cake.
A Beautifully white dressed lady observing the cake cutting celebration.
There is a medium size suitcase in the middle.
Medium red leather suticase.
the arm and the brown shirt of the person standing on far right.
partial view of a man in brown shirt.
A boy in a giraffe costume.
Young boy wearing giraffe pajamas.
Orange vegetables in lower right of bowl.
A white pair of sneakers near a stool in front of a fruit basket.
A person wearing blue jeans with a cuff.
The man looking at his food.
a black tshirt wearing man looking in his breakfast.
A small blue compact car parked and sitting in front of two green bushes.
A light blue car parked in front of the motorcycles.
A sheared sheep behind three other sheep.
A man with a red t-shirt with his left arm up.
A male basball player in a red hat, red and white shirt, white with striped red pants and ablack glove catching a baseball.
A woman with glasses holding a kite.
The girl in brown pants holding the kite.
A wine bottle witn no name and behind a wine bottle named as "great ".
Bottle to the far right with no visible label.
Half of sandwich in front of Guiness.
sandwich.
A motorcycle with only rider.
The bike directly behind the truck.
a brown clay dish which holds bird seed and is overflowing with hungry birds.
A brown bowl that has many birds resting on it and bread inside of it.
the orange fruit is kept between middle of fruit.
The orange third in line from the one closest to the camera.
Breakfast food o a white plate.
no image.
a man.
A man with a tennis racket.
A player sitting on the bench.
A basebal player watches from the bench.
A youn man in a blue shirt, standing with his arms crossed.
A mean wearing a blue button down, with a black shirt underneath, looking on as another man fillets a fish.
A man dribbling the ball in a baskeball game.
Player with the ball.
The empty metal chair closest to the man wearing the shades.
The back of a metal chair with no one sitting on it.
bowl of carrots.
orange carrots.
Blue cloth to the right of woman.
The partial blue chair back to the woman's right.
A slice of pizza being served.
A slice of pizza being cut.
woman in a chair.
A woman in a green stripped shirt sitting.
bue and white plane left bottom.
The airplane with the blue tail.
A white mug on a table behind a plate and between two other mugs.
Coffee mug in the top left of the photo.
the person wearing a yellow headband.
A woman, kneeling, with a yellow headband looking at a display of a cow.
An officer on a horse in between two other officers.
The police officer on the left, rear horse.
a brown cow with a white face.
the front cow in the right hand picture.
A skateboarder in jeans and a white shirt doing a jump and grab.
A man wearing a white shirt and jeans performing a skateboard trick at night.
a blue and black backpack.
the blue bag resting at the pole.
A young white woman in a green patterned dress and black sweater eating.
A lady eating off a plate with form and knife.
Bananas hanging above yellow-orange basket.
People taking pictures on their phones of a train.
People taking snaps of a train from a train compartment.
A bitten hotdog which is hold by a man.
the smaller hot dog.
elephant with a man in blue horts on top.
Elephant with a man riding him on the back.
A baseball catcher waiting to catch thebaseball.
baseball player in catcher's uniform.
A woman dressed all in black.
A young girl who is a singer gives the microphone back to the man after she sings the national anthem at the baseball game.
A man playing tennis.
A man hitting a tennis ball.
A goat standing up wearing a purple collar.
The goat with the purple collar behind the goat laying down.
Dark red fluffy pillow.
Pizza closest to camera.
the plate next to the camera.
A man in a black coat staring at somebody on a laptop.
A old man wearing a Grey coat.
the tea in the jar on the far right.
A mason jar containing brown liquid.
The women in pink is playing video games.
A woman wearing a magenta dress with a green sash.
An elephant with a broken left tusk.
Two elephants.
woman in blue top.
A woman wearing Blue shirt and jeans.
RED BUS YO UCAN BARELY SEE.
barely visible tire and rim of the bus behind the bus that has batman on it.
Bent-over giraffe.
A giraffe hiding behind another giraffe.
person with crossed arms wearing dark glasses.
a woman watching.
the body and extended arm of the person in black and white seated behind cupcakes.
Woman in brown and tan sweater holding cupcakes.
Girl in black shirt and blue jeans.
a woman standing behind another holding a controller for a Wii.
two remote controls in a line of remote controls.
Two remote controls of the same size.
pizza in a plate.
Pizza on a plate with a knife and fork.
person in cold weather clothes wearing grey helmet.
A man on a snowboard wearing a gray helmet without goggles.
cow on the right.
unspotted cow on right drinking water.
A table with some pizza on it.
white table with pizza, cups and plates on it being used by a young boy.
A silver laptop sitting on the lap of someone wearing blue pants and white socks.
middle laptop on person lap.
A red and orange pillow on a gray love seat.
A sofa with two colorful pillows sits furthest away from the kitchen table.
A giraffe lying on the ground.
giraffe sitting in zoo.
A piece of broccoli on some beans.
A stem of broccoli touching both black and yellow foods.
A all black horse eating grass.
BLACK HORSE.
the woman pouring chocolate into the blender.
woman pouring something into a blender.
Husband and wife during pleasure driving in the Motor Bike.
woman that is holding on to man.
A lonely piece of broccoli separated from the rest of the broccoli.
the piece of broccoli on the front right.
Baseball catcher.
the catcher.
a man with a yellow shirt and balck shorts holding a tennis racket.
male in yellow shirt.
the jumping man.
Man in white shirt.
A moped that is being ridden by a person in an orange jacket.
empty seat next to man with black shirt and blue jeans on.
An empty seat next to a man using a laptop.
A man playing tennis about to hit a tennis ball.
a man wearing a white polo shirt, black shorts, and tennis shoes, holding a tennis racket in front of a man wearing a black shirt.
a long, low to the ground table with a floral sheet covering it.
A low lying piece of furniture with white cloth.
THE BACK OF A HIGHCHAIR WITH A YOUNG CHILD SITTING IN IT.
The cushion on the back of the highchair with a kitten pattern.
pillow on lower left bed.
A BLACK MAN IN A GREEN SHIRT HOLDING A WHITE PHONE.
A woman in red carrying a cup.
A woman in a red coat holding hands with the invisible man.
The man standing with umbrella.
man in too-small black shirt and white sneakers.
A brown couch with two guys sitting on it.
The end of the couch the man with the pink cup is on.
brown bear behind another bear.
TWO BEAR IN A CAVE.
An egg salad sandwich with an orange toothpick holding it together.
A delicious looking sandwich showing it's contents with egg salad, tomatoes and cucumbers.
A zebra to the right of another zebra.
Zebra facing left.
An elephant lying in the river water with her caretaker standing on it forelimb.
The large elephant.
A mother holdering her child on a bench,.
A mother is holding her daughter in her lap.
Baby elephant in full view.
a baby elephant in front of adult elephants.
A boy sitting at a desk with a red shirt and baseball cap on.
Boy in a white cap and red shirt moving his computer mouse.
The strap of a bag across a mans chest.
a green strap going across a man's chest.
Military man holding 3 chains that are attached to 3 dogs.
person holding leashes for 3 dogs.
The long horned sheep whose head is above and to the left of the others.
Girl on the left with black shades holding a cell phone.
A girl wearing black sunglasses.
A baby elephant standing next to one of his parents.
A young elephant pointing its trunk upwards.
Woman in blue shirt sitting at table.
Woman at table.
A man holding a baseball bat.
A man playing baseball hitting at the plate in a GV uniform.
A girl with a white hand bag standing in front of another girl.
A woman wearing black and white holding a white purse.
The baby Giraffe sitting on the ground looking to the left.
the giraffe on the far left.
The back of a person wearing a jacked with a white stripe on it.
A man in a blue coat.
A British Airways Boeing 747 taxing at an airport.
A british airways airplane on the runway.
the farther away red chair.
VASE ON LEFT.
the vase that is clear.
A woman wearing a black hoode with brown hair.
a girl ina a black t shirt.
man in black shirt and light colored pants.
A man wearing a black shirt and no shoes.
Giraffe standing between two fences.
GIRAFFE IN DISTANCE.
A plain white bus.
a white double decker bus.
The pizza on the left with the missing piece.
The pizza that's missing some slices.
A OVEN NEXT TO THE NAMED ONE BLODGETT AND OPENED BY A CHEF.
There is a micro oven with light.
a man surfing in the sea.
A brown haired man standing on a surfboard catching a wave.
older lady with blue and white shirt.
the lady cutting the white cake.
Skier in orange coat and sunglasses skiing slowly.
a man in an orange jacket is skiing.
A white table.
A coffee table sits in front of a couch where a dog and cat are lying.
a bald man in a striped shirt, crossing his arms.
A man who is wearing blue checked shirt.
The left most person.
The man in the striped shirt.
A piece of plain cheese pizza.
The biggest plain piece of pizza.
A blurry part of the picture behind and to the left of the man holding the disc showing another player wearing high white socks with a vertical stripe.
woman in green tanktop and black shorts with long white socks.
man's left ski.
The closest giraffe.
giraffe in front.
the back luggage on the left in the right hand picture.
A large brown suitcase with circles on the left.
catcher with a light tan mitt.
This is a player whose head is cut off by the picture.
A large bunch of green brocoli at the market.
the white table the girl is sitting at.
A white table in front of a young girl.
An elderly man in a portrait stands next to a woman in pink.
an elderly gentleman in a black suit and tie.
backpack.
a black seat with a panda bear in it.
A bear sitting to the right of another bear.
brown bear on right.
child in orange.
a child wearing a white and red striped hat and orange coat.
Child.
A young girl with blonde hair, a purple shirt, and orange shorts holding an adult man's hand.
child in stripped shirt trying to bite a donut.
A kid opening its mouth to bite the donut.
White couch facing two black chairs.
the white leather sofa with the glass table against the back of it.
A cappuccino with no foam.
the cup in the front in the right hand picture.
A black and white cow in front of an orange cone.
the animal in the front of the orange cone.
CLOSEST COW LAYING.
A medium sized animal laying on grass with its hind quarters facing the camera.
A woman holding a blue bag.
A woman carrying her purse.
A kite, shaped like a blue u.f.o., with a three eyed, polka-dotted alien riding inside of it.
A blue color kite in a ground.
Horse on the right where only its rear half is visible.
Horse that is in the background in which you can only see hind legs.
A bed in a large room near a chair.
a colorful bed.
The woman with the white purse hugging the bear.
Woman in brown shirt with white purse hugging bear.
a knife used to cut pizza.
A knife being used to cut pizza closest to the camera.
closest chair.
a dog.
Black dog sitting next to a laptop and staring at the screen.
The reddish orange train close to the walkway with the people.
A train on a track with people waiting near it, and to the right of another train.
A bicycle being held by a man in a blue shirt with a yellow collar and light shorts.
The piece of broccoli that is out of focus.
The blurred piece of broccoli,  closest to the camera.
a slice of fresh pepperoni pizza.
seperated slice of pizza.
man catching frisbee in water.
The guy catching the frisbee.
The black jeep is a police vehicle.
A black jeep with its door open.
A man in black pants and goggles getting ready to go skiing.
A snowboarder.
A cat on a ladder.
A tabby cat on a ladder.
A bench that is behind a table.
An empty bench near a pizza.
A black backpack slung across a blond woman's back.
The black knapsack on the back of blonde-haired woman with lips tightly closed.
A white sofa with dark colour pillow.
A white couch with a dark, furry, pillow.
Bowl of soup.
The bowl of soup next to the sandwich.
A black truck in back of a green semi truck.
The tempo van painted in black colour.
the black cow on the left that has just a little bit of white on its head.
A cow that has a white spot on its head wearing a chain.
the bottom elephant in the right hand picture.
the side of the car visible in the mirror.
The reflection of a car with a dog hanging out of a window.
The women laughing very smartly.
A woman wearing a yellow shirt laughing.
The man in tennis court who was wearing red shirt.
the person wearing the red, white, and blue striped shirt.
BROWN LEATHER COVERED CHAIR.
Leather chair.
An empty, dirty mug with a gold spoon in it.
An empty glass with a spoon inside of it.
Bicycle parked behind the lady.
the bike behind the woman with plaid shorts.
the hot dog on top of the other hot dog.
A hot dog with red toppings.
The elephant in the middle of two other elephants.
smallest elephant in the image.
large tilted umbrella with blue color hanging over to other umbrella.
A shamiyana that is on the top of other shamiyana.
fork about to eat pizza.
fork in the front side of the camara.
Large canopy in the middle of two other canopys next to a tall orange flag.
A straw umbrella between two others.
A man in a suit and tie on an elevator.
Light-eyed man wearing formal clothing with green tie.
Silver double decker bus number 9.
A silver double decker bus parked ahead of a second bus.
elephant without its' head.
A white car in a parking lot.
lighter silver car.
A man in white is facing camera and working on motorcycle.
A man working on a yellow motorcycle with a look of concentration.
A young child holding a frisbee.
the kid with the frisbee.
A man wearing pink is in the background watching a tee ball game.
The man in the background with a red shirt on.
A zeebra eating grass standing towards the left.
a zebra eating grass with its nose almost touching the grass to the left of another zebra.
A wooden chair with a blue seat.
The chair with the blue seat cushion.
A black dog with its head on the pillow, looking at the wall.
Black dog with blue collar laying on pillow.
A women in white tees shirt playing soccer with to men.
A asian young woman playing soccer ball on a soccer field.
a guy in a gray shirt playing wii.
A man with glasses wearing a gray shirt.
A small white marbel sink being reflected in a mirror.
Reflection of sink and faucet in mirror.
floral pattern blanket below everything.
flowered tablecloth under the pizza box.
A cow eating grass.
Cow facing away from the camera.
The woman with a white jacket.
A woman walking a bike in a white blouse.
The train cake with the number 38.
a slice fo cake with a 38 on it.
giraffe behind tree.
The giraffe whose face is blocked.
a man was on black color t-shirt.
man in black polo playing wii.
The head and neck of a giraffe located to the left of three other giraffes.
A rice dish in a black container with seasoning on top of the rice next to another container with some greens.
A food item like rice is in a blackpot.
blue jacker.
woman in blue coat skiing.
Armed chair in a bed room.
The brown chair near the wall with pillows on it.
A brown leather couch with two pillows.
A black sofa couch.
The horse on the left who is not getting sprayed by water.
a horse to the left of a man with a horse.
A woman wearing a green hat holding a red jacket.
A woman wearing a hat and holding a red blanket.
A silver compact car driving down the road in the snow.
The back of a white car.
White wii controller.
A Wii Remote.
man in a black suit.
a man was on black soot.
A girl with a pink hairbow and green top.
A little girl in a stripped shirt and green vest with her back turned sitting at a table.
A sleeping bear to the right of another sleeping bear.
The bear closest to the wall.
A mac laptop screen that is being used by a man in a hoodie.
A person wearing white tea shirt.
A young dark haired man in a white t-shirt and jeans doing a skate board trick over a short metal hurdle like object.
A woman carrying a suitcase.
Woman walking in bicycle lane carrying a red suitcase and white bag.
The whit truck with pepco printed on it.
white pepco truck.
a white table in front of a little girl.
The table that the girl is sitting at.
A side dish in a dark colored bowl.
The bowl of food on the top right of the bowl of greens.
A kid in a red, white, and black shirt plaing in a fire hydrant.
Boy in red, white, and black shirt being sprayed by fire hydrant.
The closest motorcycle.
A moped with a black suitcase on top of it.
the man who has a black eye and is a chicago white sox fan.
a man wearing a black shirt and khaki shorts with his hand on a red countertop.
The leftmost front computer screen.
The black monitor with a blue green sticky underneath it.
Two people walking.
Two young adults walk across the street.
the monitor to the right in the right hand picture.
A monitor with nearly all white screen.
a bowl of carrots on the counter.
carroats peaces was on the plate.
A white couch on the left.
A white couch in between two lamps and facing a TV.
SOFA.
An empty couch seat behind the woman holding the Wii controller.
The back of a chair next to a long haired man.
An empty chair in an office.
A keyboard on a macbook computer.
Keyboard with black keys.
A woman watches on as someone else uses a laptop.
A woman's face near a laptop.
girl on the right.
a woman with a white outfit.
An animal's reflection.
the reflection of a dog in the mirror.
A boy in a striped shirt is holding a teddy bear.
A boy having brown color puppet toy in his hand.
the train on the left.
The train on the left is heading away from the houses.
A woman wearing an apron and holding a silver spoon and pot.
A woman  surving tha food.
The sofa facing the television.
a couch that has a unique pattern on it.
A man with beard.
man in striped sweater.
burger in the plate.
A sandwich made on three slices of bread with meat and lettuce.
A right side half clock.
the right 10,9,8 clock in the right hand picture.
zebra in the front side of the image.
A zebra that is sideways to the camera grazing in a field of grass.
A large wooden planter box around a tree with ivy growing on it.
an officer standing beside his motorcycle.
A police officer is standing next to a motorcycle.
A grey armrest on a sofa.
A grey colored couch arm.
A little baby girl with brunette hair, a pink and white dress, and is being fed frosting from her mom.
A young baby wearing pink.
A baseball player behind the pitcher.
A man behind another man pitching.
The bigger zebra on the left.
The two zebras.
A sandwich portion with green poking out the side.
The empty yellow chair.
This sitting chair is opposite to the man and it have light.
The stove in a restaurant kitchen.
A oven behind the counter on the left.
The chair on which the kid is seated.
An ash color chair cover.
A spaghetti sandwich in the center of other sandwiches.
A sandwich between two other sandwiches.
The vase on the near table.
A vase half filled with water.
Laptop screen that Doesn't like Mondays.
A blond haired woman wearing a hat, sunglasses, a long sleeved pink top and long pants holding a blue item and holding her right hand up to her face.
women was speeking in cell phone.
A translucent glass vase containing water and lilies.
A glass vase holding a plant.
a car mirror.
the man on the right.
A silver mercedes van.
A silver Mercedes van.
Woman in an aqua shirt sitting in the stands.
A baby with a red and white striped hat.
A baby looking down at cows.
A chair which is near the entrance.
The blue chair on the left.
The black chair in the bottom left corner.
the blonde kid holding the fence.
the kid without a hat who is watching his team mate bat.
A woman playing tennis.
female tennis player in white outfit.
a white oriental spoon in a bowl of brown substance with an orange on a plate next to it.
The spoon in the bowl of soup.
A cow standing behind another cow.
A cows torso, its face is behind the other cow.
A man wearing read scarf on head , standing near to a shelf.
A smiling man with dark hair, facial hair and a red headband in a kitchen wearing a uniform.
a man eager to wait for catch the ball.
a catcher.
A yellow plastic contanier with food inside next to other plastic containers of food.
A yellow bowl in the middle with brown meat.
a white car on the street.
the white car next to the curb.
A boy without shirts sitting on cupboard.
A shirtless boy sits on a granite counter.
A Hannah Montana backpack.
a kid sittin on a bus looking out the window with a hannah montana backpack.
A truck with an elephant in the back.
The truck that is hauling the animals.
a person in a white shirt walking in the backround.
man in background.
A can of English Breakfast Tea stacked on top of another can of tea.
A tin of Tower Bridge, an English breakfast tea.
a man in a black shirt no number.
The umpire.
A man in blue with skis standing next to two girls with skis.
A man in a blue coat holding ski poles.
An orange cat with its eyes closed.m.
A cat under man's left arm.
The woman holding the sandwiches.
A woman holding sandwiches.
The child on the right.
small giraffe on the right.
There is a shorter giraffe shown in the picture.
The car parked on the left closest to the stop sign.
A white car that is parked by a bunch of graffiti signs.
Woman wearing black showing someone a technique.
woman with sunglasses on her head is cutting a roast in the kitchen.
the right couch in the right hand picture.
A blue couch.
The kid in orange.
A little boy playing a game is along side another little boy.
A black color rolling chair.
The black chair which is near the dog.
A red toothbrush.
a red, blurry toothbrush with with white, blue, and green bristles.
The baby elephant.
A baby elephant standing in front of its mother.
A grey cargo plan with a yellow ladder against it.
An airplane with a ramp leading up it.
A man in a tuxedo.
A groom cutting a wedding cake.
Man filing a horse's hoof.
A man stoops below a horse in a black and white photo.
The giraffe in the front.
A giraffe behind fencing walks in front of another giraffe.
man seen from behind.
Man with short hair in a dark green shirt talking ot another man in a black shirt.
A zebra's full body.
The zebra in full view.
The side of a white bottle with a silver cap.
Plastic bottle of lotion with grey cap to the right.
blue and white umbrella behind woman.
a white and purple umbrella.
Pizza slice seen near to the coca cola bottle. Seen with other tow slices.
A soup boul is on the right side.
The bowl on the bottom right of the picture.
the person in blue t-shirt with a ponytal.
A person with a purple shirt plays a game.
A bear in front of a patch of grass.
A bear in front of another one.
a white guy singing with a hat on.
A man singing into a microphone.
A black train on the tracks.
A green colour tram with full of passengers.
Plastic cup in between another plastic cup and coffee cup.
The glass on which two spoons are inserted.
A small white sheep.
Small white sheep in front of a grey sheep.
The ski equipment to the left of the black bag.
A pair of skis stuck up in the snow.
A boy in a red shit sitting.
A child with a turtle on his shirt.
GIRAFEE STANDING BACKSIDE OF HIS FRIEND.
The backside of the giraffe .
A peeled yellow carrot.
the yellow object on the plate.
A woman in a blue dress.
The woman in the dress.
an ice cream cup.
A container full of yellow dipping sauce directly next to a donut.
the right plane in the right hand picture.
A miniature plane who's directly facing another airplane.
A young person with dark hair walking beside an old, red truck.
A girl with a book bag walking beside a red truck.
A tabletop covered in food and drink.
The black table is full of flatware.
The small white cup on the right.
the bowl of rice.
Bus that is to the side of the yellow truck.
A bus with two levels of passanger seats next to a garbage truck.
The third plane in the line of planes.
A USAF jet flying in the sky behind two other jets.
the slice of pizza on the left.
The slice of pizza on the left hand side of the plate.
the smaller patterned vase on the table.
Light colored vase with dark splotches all over it and thin mouth at the top.
The zebra in the middle.
A zebra standing behind another zebra.
A man who is pictured on the computer screen with his back to the camera.
The person with their back tword the camera located in the laptop screen.
A black recliner.
A black reclining rocking chair on a wooden floor next to another black chair with an ottoman in front of it.
Man on a hospital bed with a laptop.
The man in glasses upper torso.
A cup of tea and a baked bread.
The cup with coffee in it has a pig on the side.
The pastry furthest from the Starbucks cup.
a man rushing towards the soccer ball on the left.
A boy in a blue shirt playing the wii.
Boy in a blue shirt in front of a TV.
A concrete planter in front of two other planters.
A concrete planter in front of two other concrete planters.
A white van on the road.
the white bus with an advertisement on the back.
plane with J-1127.
a plane in the airport.
Half a sandwich with a pickle next to it.
A giraffe standing behind the other giraffe.
left most giraffe.
The bird had long nose and watching for the food.
A bird standing in a bog, staring ahead.
The piece of sandwich being held by a person.
The part of the sandwich being held by the person wearing a tie.
The bench closest to the scissors.
A white horse hitched to the drivers far right.
The furthest horse on the left.
A man with a black hat and dark jacket holding two cellphones.
The man holding two cell phones.
This is a black laptop on a wooden table.
The laptop in front of the man.
a baby.
Asian child making shaped cupcakes in a molded cupcake pan.
A woman in a kitchen with her back to the camera.
Back of a person wearing a white hat.
Not a visable whole orange.
A red motorcycle with a winged logo.
A little girl with blonde hair eating pizza.
A little blonde girl eating pizza.
a man sitting spread eagle on a grey couch.
The lower body of a man with spread legs sitting on a grey couch.
A person with curly hair and wearing a white shirt.
A man with curly dark hear wearing a white shirt has his elbow on the table as he watches a presentation.
The table the women's laptop is sitting on.
Glass of milk on office desk next to a plate and clipboard.
A GREEN COLOR BUS NUMBERING 35 TURN RIGHT ON THE ROAD.
A bus at an intersection with a taxi and bicycle riders in front.
The white part of the chair the violinist is sitting in.
chair with lady.
a bride in a white dress.
A woman in an elegant white dress.
A wedding cake sitting on a table with a tablecloth under it.
The table that the cake is on.
A man in a black coat prepares to play fetch with a dog.
The man playing with his dog.
left chair.
A small red car.
A red car on the road.
A young giraffe standing next to adult giraffes an enclosed area.
the wood on the bottom in the right hand picture.
Few strawberries and cumber and cherries with some designed items are in a box is displayed in the image.
Tray of food at the bottom left.
A hand, blue suitcase, and faded jeans.
A person wearing jeans.
A baby held by a woman in the background.
A person wearing a blue shirt, arm linked with another.
The smallest of the giraffes.
A juvenile giraffe.
Portion of sandwich on left with two red peppers on top.
a sandwich with red peppers on top.
A number of books on a shelf.
A bunch of books on a shelf.
A woman on a cell phne.
woman with brown hair sitting in black boots looking at her blue cell phone.
The bus facing the camera.
blue color bus with number 308 in the right side of the image.
A wooden chair at table near fruit.
The chair to the rable's right.
A young black male wearing military fatigues and black gloves.
Tennis player with both feet on the ground.
The man with wristbands on both arms.
A horse's tail next to two other horses in a barn.
The back end of an animal.
A pick donut with sprinkles.
A donut with pink icing.
A boat carrying a shipment of things and a man in an orange vest, near to the shoreline.
barge in foreground on right.
A tower of banas in the center.
Middle large group of bananas.
A green shoulder bag with a water bottle in the side.
A black shoulder bag.
A skateboard being ridden by  someone with blue shoes with white tips.
skateboard ridden by man in jeans.
A girl standing outside the field with yellow t-shirt with white and red stockings.
Woman running in blue skirt.
A piece of cake on a blue plate.
the cellphone on the right.
A smart phone to the right of a similar smartphone.
A small cup of coleslaw on a plate next to a slice of pickle.
A small plastic cup containing a side of cole slaw salad.
A man dressed in black standing behind a man dressed in red.
A person in a black sweater.
A laptop on a bed.
Laptop computer sitting on a bed covered in a black bedspread.
The big horse next to the little horse.
Horse beneath sunbeams.
the lighter teddy bear with a polka dotted ribbon.
white teddy bear wearing a green bow tie.
A baseball player at bat.
Player with the number 18.
A greyish colored cat laying on his right side.
A girl wearing a white shirt.
Green broccolini in the corner of a plastic dish.
the man in the grey shirt.
man looking at items on a table.
sandwich on the left in the right hand picture.
top half of sandwich.
a woman is sitting a table wearing a black and white striped shirt.
The woman in the black and white shirt.
A bus is parked with it's lights on.
Fully visible bus.
a kite laying on the grass.
The colorful kite.
A giraffe to the left of a group of giraffes.
Lead giraffe.
The blue car.
blue vehicle behind man.
The woman on the right who is holding a Wii controller and has her hair up.
The girl in the tan shirt holding a wii remote.
The brown hair of the person standing on the far right.
The hair of a woman standing mainly out of view.
a silver suv.
The rear of the vehicle.
Lighter colored giraffe.
A giraffe walking with one behind it in a rocky field.
elephant on left.
the elephant in the left.
The honda accord to the right of the pay station.
The rear of a dark painted Honda parked on the side of the road near a meter machine.
Green semi rusty boat all alone on its side.
Green boat on the grass before other boats on sand near a lake.
the left horse in the right hand picture.
a giraffe standing next to a tall pole, with his head down.
A giraffe is walking in the zoo.
A man playing tennis in a blue shirt.
A male in a blue nike shirt and shorts holding his back in pain.
The girl holding the flower next to the man.
A woman holding flowers.
The black cow behind the cow in view.
Black cow in background.
A blue and yellow umbrella that is covering a food cart.
An umbrella on a hot dog stand.
A glass bowl of food that is sitting on a whicker circle holder.
bowl on right.
person standing in the far back with a black longlseeve shirt and light tan color pants on.
blurred person in back, wearing black top and khaki pants.
A plane carrying a space shuttle.
the airplane carrying the shuttle.
Small monitor on table next to package of cd disks and headphones.
first from the left computer monitor.
A person reaching up to catch a frisbee.
a man in a red shirt and grey pants jumping to catch a frisbee.
The grey digital clock that displays temperature.
A silver, rectangular digital clock with weather and temperature options.
Man wearing a white t shirt and black shorts.
a man in a white shirt.
A kid using a computer and being helped by his mom.
A boy using an iMac pauses to take a picture with a woman.
Laptop with red background desktop screen, with keyboard section covered by papers.
The computer monitor has a webpage loaded with a red background.
a glass of milk.
glass of orange juice nearest the bowl of food.
A cow with white fur on his head.
cow with yellow tage in ear.
A man with his arms outstretched in front of another man.
Two people playing Wii together.
A pizza that has 10 pepperoni on it.
Pepperoni pizza on wooden slab.
A fork that is half under a tray of pizza.
Eggs Benedict on the right to the left of the orange slice.
Toasted English muffin with sausage patty and egg.
A suitcase being carried in a man's left hand.
A black piece of luggage, being carried in a soldier's left hand.
The elephant who's back only visible.
The elephant whose head is not visible in the picture.
The black car behind the rear of the motorcycle.
A clear vase holding a bunch of flowers.
The glass vase with crystals in it that the flowers are in.
An umpire to a baseball game.
Catcher wearing red protective gear.
A catcher wearing red.
A man in a black jacket and red tie.
A man wearing a black suit with a red, white, and blue tie.
A guy with a brown shirt and blue jeans playing the Wii.
A man in a brown shirt playing a video game.
a guy walking on the beach with striped shorts and a white surfboard.
A man in striped shorts carrying a white surfboard with two other men carrying surfboards.
Bottom slice of pizza.
A man with blue T-shirt.
A bald man in a blue shirt looking at bananas.
A wicker placemat.
The place mat with the food on it.
An orange table.
The table on which the omelette is placed.
An orange umbrella which is half opened.
by with a unique saffron umbrella.
The guy in a black shirt where it says you guys.
Man in photograph in collage that is holding a chair back.
A white sheep with black face.
A white and black faced lab that is standing to the right of two other sheep.
A MAN WITH BLUE SHIRT STANDING NEAR THE SHOP KEEPING HIS HANDS INSIDE THE SHIRT POCKET.
The man in the blue jacket.
A knife barely in the picture frame and slightly under a piece of pizza.
A young boy wearing large goggles and a black snowsuit.
a kid wearing a black dress & ready for scatting.
A billboard with a young woman on it.
an ad at a bus stop.
The tail wing of a plane in front of the United plane's tail.
The intersection of the two planes.
A red apple that is brusied sitting beneath other apples.
An apple with a soft spot sits below two other apples.
giraffe facing right.
A giraffe showing his face.
The person in red is riding the horse.
Person wearing red sweatshirt on horse.
girl is eating burger.
the woman on the right eating.
a woman in a white and red jacket flying a kite.
A woman in a white and red coat pointing up with a girl in a pink coat.
a guy playing with his kids.
a man sits with little girls on the grass.
A green mug with a teabag in it.
The green coffee mug.
a man with black pants and a blue jacket skating.
The boy riding on the concrete wall.
a man laying in the grass playing with his cellphone.
A MAN OPERATING MOBILE PHONES.
tan and white dog.
a light brown dog.
A white dog in with patches in front of the other dog.
A guy sitting on the couch that is petting the dog.
A man in a blue shirt petting a dog.
A green dish displaying a white type candy.
The woman with the green bracelet looks bored.
The girl with the green wristband.
a truck with blue writting.
The back of a white van.
The diner bench on the right.
The tall sandwich with shredded lettuce.
a really tall sandwitch.
The rider with only one hand on the motorcycle.
A blue motocross motorcycle number 7.
The truck covered in the snow furthest to the right.
An old truck covered in snow except for the grill and door.
The strap across the guy's chest.
the strap of a backpack the guy is wearing.
The opened foodtruck that is blue.
An open food truck with two people standing outside.
The woman with curly hair that is on the right side of the photo, she is looking at the other woman in the photo.
A pale woman in green leans against a small white passenger plane with arms crossed as she looks to her right.
a black motorcycle in the front.
The polar bear behind the log.
Bear lying down relaxing.
A calendar display on a clock with a winged and sword-wielding figure next to it.
circle design directly underneath the clock.
skinny carrot closest to sandwich.
nose with no face attached.
A small portion of a man's face.
A Microsoft Windows manual.
the book titled microsoft windows manual def.
A man in a white uniform with the number 15 on the back, who is swinging a bat at a ball.
A man hitting the ball in baseball.
The bright green grocery bag.
A green bag behind a boy holding a banana.
a white boat.
A boat farther away from shore than another boat.
Empty spot on park bench next to man.
the bench to the left of the man in blue.
the dog that is not showing any teeth.
A tan dog with a tan collar.
A brown and white stool to the right of an identical stool.
The stool that's closer to the fridge.
A man in a dark wet suit is carrying his surfboard.
A tan surfboard being carried by a man in a long wet suit pants.
A man wearing glasses and has a bue shirt with a white sheet wrapped around him like a toga.
A bald man wearing glasses and a toga.
A woman in a white soccer uniform is getting ready to kick the soccer ball.
The girl with the blue headband is going to kick the soccer ball.
maroon umbrella closest to the street.
Maroon umbrella furthest from shop.
An avocado placed above another one, and to the left of a bunch of bananas.
A lime to the top left of a bunch of bananas.
A machine and vent that has the lettering DEEP NO. 1 written on it.
It is the refrigerator directly next to the chef on the left side that reads "Deep No. 1.".
A train on the track inside the jungle.
A train with yellow and red cars.
a baseball player batting at the ball.
A baseball player striking a ball with a bat.
A MAN STANDING BETWEEN TWO PEOPLE.
A Middle Aged Person Wearing A Blue T-Shirt And White Pants.
side of the gray train on left of platform.
Side of a subway train.
a man in a white and black uniform playing baseball.
A man in a white baseball uniform holding a bat.
a 3-seater sofa with a pumpkin poster at the back.
The empty front right side of the table extending to the front of the Van Gough Mango box.
The empty counter space closest to the camera.
Blue chair next to red chair.
The blue sofa on the right.
An elephant whose tail is facing the camera.
the elephant walking away from the scene towards the wilderness.
The zebra behind another zebra.
Two Zeebras having their food on the field.
There is a banana on the lemon with sticker.
Right most banana.
A white cup filled with liquid.
cup of coffee with cream or milk.
A silver sink.
An empty sink next to a sink with a cat sitting in it.
The bottom layer of the cake.
Bottom tier of the cake.
The woman tennis player with the blue outfit and getting ready to hit the ball.
Tennis playing in blue dress serves the ball.
A drink with ice in it.
The drink with a straw.
A short-haired gentleman in a blue t-shirt, standing behind a man with a black tie.
a man in a blue t-shirt.
A  child with a red shirt eating a white frosted donut with sprinkles.
The boy is eating a donut with sprinkles.
A man in a blue shirt who's tie is being tied by a man standing behind him.
A man having his tie adjusted.
A man riding a long board with knee pads and a helmet.
Man skateboarding down the road.
a black dog with curly hair.
a big black dog.
Grass and other vegetation below the blue doll, parts of the feet of the doll.
A little boy with long blonde hair and a red jacket.
A girl wearing a red jacket.
bending over person in back.
A barber in Black.
seat behind cat.
a gray seat in a car with a cat on it.
a woman in a cowboy hat with a microphone.
A woman in a white hat holding a microphone.
A guy on air trying to balance the skate board.
a boy in a bright yellow helmet and striped red tshirt riding a skateboard.
PLATE FULL OF FRSH CUT BROCOLLI.
broccoli on a blue plate.
The first booth on your left, closest to camera.
An elderly man next to coca cola ad.
man with red circle held in front of him.
a man in a blue shirt sits on top of an elephant.
A man sitting on the neck of a elephant.
Grey motor bike in front of the white one.
A dark grey motor scooter parked in front of a white scooter.
boy wearing white shirt with a bag.
A boy with glasses, wearing a white shirt with a tan messener bag.
A bull standing behind another bull.
A cow behind another cow.
A gray cat is trying to drink from the cup.
CAT IS WATCHING HIS PARTNER.
yellow pool chair with white towel on it.
lounge chair that is leaning back further than the lounge chair in front of it.
jumbo jet.
An Alitalia jet on the Tarmac.
The pink suitcase.
The pink suitcase in front of the cat.
The third glass from the left.
Wine glass without lettering.
Right side corner part of the red color sofa on which the lady is sitting.
The player with the number 5 jersey.
The player in a white jersey with number five.
The airplane in the middle of the picture.
airplane near fence.
a boat with man.
the largest boat.
a small green and white laptop computer.
a tablet with a keyboard.
A squat glass of beer.
some beer in a glass.
The umpire getting ready to make a call.
A umpire wearing black and blue as a uniform.
Chair back in the right background.
back of a chair on other side of table.
A MAN PLAYING BASE BALL.
A man wearing a helmet and batting.
A red piece of luggage with wheels.
red troly bag.
The back of the chair in which the girl is seated on.
The chair that the young girl is sitting on.
A giraffe leaning over.
A giraffe smelling a rock.
a young girl texting.
A young girl using a phone.
a boy in a blue shirt.
A young boy in a blue shirt.
A woman wearing glasses.
a women sitting the table.
The fire hydrant closest to the camera.
A canoe with the words 'sams pride' written in it.
a boat with the words  Sam's Pride is docked against the wall.
the eggs benedict on the right.
A black roller suitcase in the middle of two other suitcases.
black suitcase with extended handle in front of person.
A giraffe that is on the middle of other two giraffe.
Black car driving in the rain with 4 doors.
Black sedan moving on the street.
The cutting board with carrots on it.
white cutting board with mushroom caps and carrot slices on it.
A young skate boarder in black doing a trick.
A young fellow wearing black t shirt and black half pants wearing helmet and white shoes is surfing on a skate board is in the image.
a burger in the plate.
plate of food.
A man in blue jeans and black shirt jumping on skateboard.
a man doing a trick on a skateboard.
porcelin bowl with cut up red apples.
Apple pieces kept on the plate in the table.
The single stem of broccoli in the middle toward the bottom.
A piece of broccoli with a long stem.
A man with a rifle pointed at a zebra.
A gun who has kept his gunon his lap.
Women holding a plug behind the refrigerator.
a women was on white t-shirt.
GREEN BROCOLI.
the big broccoli on the right in the right hand picture.
a wooden chair with a brown cushion.
A chair with a wooden frame.
Little boy wearing a dark shirt, brushing his teeth.
a small boy brushing his teeth.
A man with french beard and his left hand showing thumbs up sign.
A long hair man with his left hands thumb up.
The referee with the yellow shirt, farthest left in the image.
a player wearing yellow colour t shirt.
A young boy eating a hot dog with no bun.
An young kid eating.
An old woman in a white hat.
A white woman sitting on a bench wearing a white hat.
man sitting on bench with face in hand wearing hat.
The man on the bench resting his head in his hand.
The keyboard in the middle.
keyboard in the middle.
A boy throwing the disc to the other boy opposite to him.
a man wearing a tan vest and jeans.
Baseball player waiting on pitch at home plate.
Baseball player number 23 standing in the batters box getting ready to hit.
Man in beige suit coat.
A man wearing a tan jacket.
a man is playing with his kid.
The person holding the white frisbee behind his back.
A dark gray couch.
The black sofa has a black pillow and a green pillow on top of it along with some bags of goodies.
A woman with black top And Blue skirt Having Drink In a Resort.
woman holding wine glass.
A bearded man wearing glasses and a brown or purple shirt.
Man with beard and child in his lap.
Two large giraffes standing next to each other, only separated by a thin wooden fence.
giraffe in background.
The right-side duplicate of a skateboarder in a yellow shirt.
A man on a skateboard in the air.
a cloth sofa with a towel on it.
A brown couch to the left of an easy chair in front of a fireplace.
A cellphone with its back showing next to one with a fancy screen.
The silver phone laying down.
A blurry sandwich.
The blurry sandwich that is to the right.
The young elephant reaching his trunk towards the camera.
A young elephant with no tusks.
A dark colored couch.
A dark colored couch sitting in front of a red rug.
The blue motorcycles with the orange handled saw on it.
A motorcycle with a saw attached to it.
The tennis racket with the black rim that the man in white shirt is holding.
A tennis racket in the hand of the man with the white shirt.
A woman in a white shirt and blue jeans sits at a table with bad posture.
A man sits with a napkin in his lap.
the bicycle nearest to the camera.
the bicycle nearest to the camera.
A work truck parked in front of the electric sign.
The truck in front of the black digital board.
A photographer wearing a blue coat and jeans, taking a picture of skiers.
The photographer in the blue coat.
A sandwich with a bottle of water.
A black table with food on it.
A dark haired women with two men eating pizza.
the women in the group.
A guy doing tricks on a skateboard.
A man who is jumping on his skateboard.
A person with a black scarf on their head.
A person wearing a black head scarf watches a man catch a frisbee.
A young smiling girl wearing a yellow long-sleeved shirt putting a red hat on a black dog.
A little girl in a yellow shirt holding a red hat.
A giraffe standing apart from two other giraffes.
This is a railing  behind the ball player.
above the head of a baseball player is the bottom portion of a bleacher.
The racquet the man is holding on the far right.
The tennis racket with the all black rim that the man with white jacket is holding.
A calf drinking a milk.
The baby calf under the cow.
A New York Yankees baseball player in the middle of throwing a pitch.
n.y. player throwing ball.
A red color train is going to pass.
A red train car.
beige cloth tote bag with face on the side.
A brown tote bag with a picture of a face on it.
A woman with black hat.
a woman in a black hat behind the table.
Skis on a man.
A set of skiis that are being used by man in black jacket and tan pants.
African american youth wearing denim jacket leaning over to look at girl's phone.
A man in a jean jacket.
The soccer player in the blue uniform.
Man in blue playing soccer.
The second from the right orange vegetable.
A carrot second from the right.
kid in a headlock.
the woman in the greenish boots.
chicken closest to the camera.
A chicken with red body parts on its head.
man in suit with red stripped tie.
An elderly man in a dark green suit.
A tennis player in a white coat.
a man with tennes rocket.
One ski near the black snowboard.
An orange that is closest to the camera.
the piece of fruit that is closest to the camera.
A counter top with half a sink showing as well as other miscellanious items.
The brown countertop.
A man with purple and red shirt who is skeing on the left corner.
the skiier wearing the purple, red, black, and blue coat.
horse in lead.
The horse in front.
the light brown horse in the background.
a orange color horse standing near the bald headed man.
coffee cup in the light.
the teacup in good lightning.
A man in a suit wearing glasses.
A man in glasses in deep thought.
black bull stands in a field.
a black cow standing in a field.
the middle cow in the right hand picture.
The light brown cow with the dark brown mane.
The person lying on the bench.
A man lying down on a bench.
The person standing with the long sleeved black shirt.
the surfer wearing a black long sleeve.
A woman snowboarding.
The person on the snowboard with sunglasses.
black dog.
A black dog sitting on the beach.
A girl in red near a girl wearing sweater.
A young girl wearing a red shirt.
A woman wearing blue track suit.
A woman in blue and white with her hair in a ponytail playing tennis.
A wooden chair with beige cushions.
An empty chair with wooden arms and legs and light colored padding with an article of clothing hanging over it.
A wooden chair with a cat sitting on that.
A tan colored chair with a cat sitting on it.
A plant under mantle.
A MAN IN TAN CLOTHING AND EYEGLASSES PLAYING THE WII.
person standing in the right most corner.
The sign with the red hand.
A crosswalk lit sign with a hand saying stop.
A man's black tie under all the other ties he is wearing.
The solid black tie around the mans neck.
The clock, at the top of the building.
the clock face at the top of the tower.
An umbrella to the right of two other umbrellas and behind another umbrella.
The umbrella second from the right.
A giraffe bending over a zebra.
The giraffe with his neck over the zebra.
A boy on a skateboard.
Skateboarder sailing through the air.
pink bag that woman is holding.
The red purse that the woman is wearing.
A old elephant standing on top of a log.
The elephant on the left who is perched on a tree stump.
Man in hat with plaid button down shirt holding skateboard.
the man with the hat in the right hand picture.
The suitcase on the very right.
Black suitcase with a small bag sitting on top of it.
Woman wearing a dress.
The woman.
man on right.
A dark-hared man in a red shirt with a black tie eating cake.
Th man with the beard is smiling.
face of man with a beard.
A brown horse walking along the beach with a woman riding her who is in front of the others.
A brown and white horse being ridden by a woman on the beach with three of her friends.
The man is holding a surfboard.
Surfer near the shore.
the polar bear in the left.
A hairy white bear lying upwards with opened mouth in the zoo.
A bowl of salad.
bowl of salad.
A young man wearing blue and white shoes holding his raquet out.
A man holding a tennis racket at arms length.
A woman is in the left wearing blue jacket and black pant.
tall person in blue on left.
SIXTH NUMBER PLAYER.
baseball player in uniform number 6.
the smaller open black case.
the case on the right in the right hand picture.
A white horse between a brown and white horse.
the right white horse.
A gut with a sky blue stained shirt.
a man was standingi in blue shirt.
Child with her hand outstretched over the pizza.
Twin child at a table that looks to the left with the yellow bowl.
a teal colored snowboard with yellow writing on it.
a blue coloured scatting board hold bya woman.
the man behind the guy with long hair and glasses.
The man between the two guys in front with his hand over his mouth.
smiling woman talking on a cell phone.
A woman wearing green and black talks on a phone and smiles.
The double decker red bus with a hat painted on the top and 19 on it.
large red bus with #19.
A hand holding a racket and a white ball.
A tennis racket with a blue handle in the hand of a dark haired man.
the bus in the back.
bus.
the girl.
The girl behind the man with the skateboard.
A woman wearing a black tank top and jean shorts.
A woman holding a camera and wearing a black tank top and jean cut off shorts.
the middle ship.
middle ship.
A black tennis racket held by a man with long hair.
A tennis racket in the man's hands to the left.
woman to the right.
The long haired woman sitting on the far right.
blue bicycle woman on left is riding.
A woman riding a bicycle with blue fenders trailing a similar bike.
The player in the blue jersey.
A baseball catcher.
A man in tan shirt and khaki shorts walking along the beach.
The man in the khaki shorts.
Orange in a fruit basket with apples pineapples and plums.
A wooden chair that a woman is sitting in.
Baseball player holding a bat in a gray and maroon uniform.
Batter.
The elephant behind the elephant facing the camera.
elephants in the rear side.
The arm of a person wearing a white shirt, resting their elbow on a table.
The woman wearing a white shirt was drinking wine.
A white SUV.
a white color car is on a road.
A girl playing football in the ground.
Girl running with hands up.
a yellow pink and small bear.
Multicolored bear.
the elephant squirting water in the air.
The elephant spraying water.
A person with a grey shirt and apron on with their back to the camera.
The chef who we can't see is wearing gloves.
Part of fridge on the left, rest of fridge not pictured.
light gray refrigerator mostly out of frame.
a piece of chocolate cake bathed in orange paint.
The chocolate cake with the orange frosting on the left.
Woman using a blue towel on a silver ring.
a woman drying her hands.
A elephant following the first one by holding its tail.
An elephant walking behind another elephant.
A blue glass.
A blue glass standing beside an empty clear wine glass.
A black lamb standing behind another black lamb.
A man in grey striped shirt.
older man in striped shirt.
beer in the middle.
sheep facing left.
A partially eaten burger next to sauce.
A half-eaten sandwich on someone's lap next to another sandwich, fries and ketchup.
A old man wearing  a cap and sit in a chair near the dinning table and eat dish in a bowl.
An older man in a dark shirt looks up over his bowl of cereal.
A bearded man playing with a WII controller.
A man playing wii.
the gray armchair next to the dresser.
front end of a car waiting for a motorcycle to pass.
The front grill of a black car that is in back of a motorcycle police.
A Gerophy stand near tree.
the street light.
The signal light which has an airplane design on a white placard.
The woman in a white shirt.
A woman in a helmet holds her white bike.
A brown chair that the woman is sitting on.
The chair the woman in pink is sitting in.
Taxi cab with open door.
A man covering his mouth with his four fingers.
The frame where the man is covering his mouth.
A long white airplane with red, white and blue details on tail and website on engine.
SunExpress airplane on runway.
Wii CONTROLLER ON BLUE PILLOW.
Wii remote sitting on the blue chair.
A red traffic light warning people to not walk.
A traffic signal with the do not walk lit up.
a view of the nose of an airplane.
The plane that is closest.
Three burner gas stove having three pan on it.
A stove with pots on all six burners.
Sink in the middle of two other sinks.
The sink between two soap dispensers.
An orange truck that says Scania on the front of it.
Big orange trucker rig.
A backpack with white writing on the side.
a black pack pack with a gray helmet hanging off of it.
A red car with a white roof inbetween two other cars.
A classic car attached to a silver trailer.
A blue char with a blue jacked on the back of it.
Blue chair in with black jacket over back.
A slice of cake sitting in front of another slice of cake and to the left of a cup of coffee.
A chocolate cake in the middle with fork.
third cow in row of cows, standing closest to trees.
A brown and white cow standing away from two other cows.
the middle zebra of the three zebras.
The zebra grazing in the middle.
Chair on the right of the two.
A tan-and-brown patterned chair sits empty at a kitchen island.
A red and white trolley bus.
A red and white trolley bus.
A chef wearing an orange apron and white chef's uniform making a meal in the kitchen.
A man with his head turned and a red apron around his waist.
A zebra standing to the left of another zebra.
the man hold and walking with horse.
A man leading a horse.
large giraffe in front, directly in front of the girl.
A girafee which is looking at a women.
the chair the girl is sitting in.
A wooden chair being used by a young girl.
Half a glass of lemonade with ice.
A glass of yellow liquid with ice in it.
The container under the container the bananas are sitting on.
the ziplock package on the very bottom.
A full grown giraffe with his ear next to a tree,.
A giraffe with its head behind a tree.
An elephant walking left of another elephant.
Five red crates.
The train with the black and orange engine.
couch behind standing player.
a brown stuffed animal behind a white stuffed dog.
Fruit with cranberries and sauce covering it.
potato slice at the front.
a cat whose tail is hiding behind the curtain.
shorter cat on left side.
An Ivory colored car.
A gold colored van that is parked.
A cell phone costume being held on the sidewalk by a female.
gray camera-looking thing behind the lady in blue.
top of chair with the cat on it.
A red colour chair.
The chair the woman on the left is sitting in.
A brown jacket hanging on the chair in which a woman with white earrings is sitting.
The silver SUV coming to park by the parking metors or just driving down the road.
The silver vehicle.
Right hand monitor.
Computer screen to the right.
The person wearing a striped shirt.
The woman with the striped shirt on the right.
brown color chair in which boy with blue color t-shirt.
The chair that the boy in blue is sitting in.
person in blue shirt left side in back.
There is person wearing blue T-shite taking a picture.
woman with a striped top.
Girl wearing striped shirt.
a urinal at the left of two other urinals.
The urinal furthest to the left.
The bighorn sheep that has the largest curving horns to the left in the image.
This is a brown ram with two very big horns.
A person on a motorcycle.
A young guy wearing motor bike apparel as he rides in the dirt with friends.
woman wearing hood sitting on couch.
PERSON WEARING HOODIE AND PUTTING LEG ON THE TABLE.
A man wearing Black pants and shirt.
A man with curly black hair holding a plate of food.
A round table with white crumbs on the top in front of a bench.
table top in back.
man was cooking in kitchen.
A baker in a long white apron holding a metal paddle.
A man in a blue collared shirt.
The man to the left of the yellow bag.
The black handled scissors.
A pair of scissors with black handles.
The armrest of a sofa.
the left side of the couch.
a woman in the background looking to the left at table 13.
Woman with metal earring and short blonde hair.
A black umbrella.
A closed black umbrella being held by a child.
A man wearing a white shirt.
A man with a white shirt watching another a boy do tricks on his skateboard.
A person touching their ear.
I woman smiling in the background as a cake is carried by.
A wooden table with a laptop, notebook, and bag on it.
A desk with a laptop on it.
a cow facing the camera in front of two other cows.
Large cow with grass hanging from mouth.
PICKUP VAN.
A white truck with no bed cover.
The man in the white shirt.
A man in a white shirt is raising his beer.
GLASS TUMBLER HOLDING THE WATER.
Full glass of water.
A mini pizza cut in half.
left half of the pizza.
An older man playing ping pong.
The older bald man playing ping pong.
One of three zebras is grazing on the left.
zebra with head turned sideways.
a closed gray suitcase standing next to an open suitcase.
A grey closed suitcase.
A woman in a blue shirt holds up a glass of beer.
A curly haired woman in a scarf holding a glass of beer.
a batil on tabule.
A bottle that has been turned into a vase for a flower.
The clear glass cup near the food.
Nearly empty glass of bear behind plate.
man wearing three-colored shirt and standing by a van.
A man with a white cap and a grey, yellow, and black shirt with blue jeans.
A man with a necklace.
The man is helping the women put ob her necklace.
the red bus  on the right.
A red bus to the right of another red bus.
A blue couch with a dark colored paisley pillow resting on the arm of the couch.
blue couch with throw pillow.
a red subway cushion.
A red bus seat.
a soccer player wearing black shoes.
The soccer player in blue uniform not engaged with the ball.
Soccer player about to kick a soccer ball.
The man about to kick the soccer ball.
A man in a green and black outfit.
A man in a green outfit who seems to have gotten second at a competition.
A kid wearing a backpack looking at something in his hands.
A man that is standing up looking at something of his.
The taller boy with the blue tie.
a boy with blue color tie.
A man wearing suspenders.
A man running in black suspenders.
The front most white bowl filled with broccoli.
The bowl on the bottom.
A man riding on skate board through white cones.
man in purple shirt skateboarding.
The airplane on the airstrip with the 'TURKISH AIRLINES' logo on the side.
Turkish airlines white airplane.
A jar of Nutella.
whole wheat multi grain product.
horse on right side.
The bigger horse on the right.
Public bench with noone sitting on it.
The empty black bench in the park.
Tan vase in front of the green one.
A vase with handles.
A giraffe to the left of two other giraffes.
the left most giraffe.
A fat woman half naked with a man in black dress.
Only the woman who has her hands folded in front of her.
The remains of dessert next to some chocolate cake.
a piece of fried pastry, sauce, and mint.
A glass of ice water.
A glass of water with a straw.
the tennis raquet.
The man in the mirror is brushing his teeth.
A man brushing his teeth while shaving another man in front of him.
the man wearing the fedora hat.
A man with a hat using a turn table.
Back of the head of blond woman in glasses, far left of picture.
Hair of woman brushing teeth.
Smaller pizza.
the smaller pizza.
A black suit case laying next to a brown and white stripped bag.
A blue suitcase to the left of a striped bag in a green container.
A young boy is touching his first birthday cake while his mother watches.
A naked child eats a birthday cake with his hands.
the train stopped at the yellow structure.
A train numbered 319.
A man in a white shirt, tan shorts and tan sandals driving a bike.
a man in tan shorts and white shirt.
The half of the sandwich that is sitting right next to the red onion.
the bottom sandwich in the right hand picture.
The pizza on the left without mozzarella cheese.
Pizza on the right with spinach.
A polar bear seeing over the railing with small black eyes.
polar bear.
A worn out park bench behind a miniature bench.
the big bench in the right hand picture.
Table that has the most people around it.
The top of the table that is mostly visible.
woman with glasses on playing nintendo wii.
Woman playing wii.
CHAIR IN BACKGROUND.
sofa in a hall.
The chair of the man at the bar.
barstool being sat on by a man in tan pants and black long sleeve shirt.
A red double decker bus.
The black backpack worn by the man with blue sunglasses.
The skier in the yellow jacket.
the skiier in yellow/green coat.
Small teddy bear next to teddy bear in goggles.
Legs of brown teddy bear hanging outside black car.
Two giraffe puppets look over the crowd.
the giraffe on the right.
The boy facing forward not wearing glasses.
boy in the back with brown hair and catchers mit on left hand.
a white motorcycle.
white and gray motorcycle.
The boy wearing the helmet and holding a bat.
Little kid playing baseball.
The white and red motorcycle.
a white bike.
A man with bleach blond hair wearing green shorts with a matching green surfboard.
Man in a black shirt holding a lime green surfboard.
the car which is in grey color.
A grey car that you an see a yellow sing on the passenger window.
Bananas next to a bowl on a table.
Bananas with a floral plate.
A sandwich on the bottom pile furthest from the wall.
A metal dish containing pita bread and hummus.
a round container with cheese dip and pita pieces.
Small orange kitten on the right.
Curious kitten closest to grabbing little bear looking for help.
A red chair behind a black chair wearing yellow boots.
red chair.
MTA WHITE COLOR BUS.
The bus on the right with the number 9832 on it.
A light green toothbrush with a brown handle.
A green toothbrush with a brown handle.
A cheese pizza in between a fork and knife.
Round pizza closest to the photographer.
Woman wearing a brown jacket with sunglasses on her face.
the woman in a brown coat and sunglasses.
a parking meter with the code SP-107 on the the front.
Parking meter #SP-107.
The bear furthest to the right.
man with party hat.
the man wearing a blue jacket and a silly hat.
zebra eating some grass next to an antelope.
A zebra grazing in a field.
a man with a blue jacket.
A man in a blue coat shakes hands with another man in front of an airplane.
white bowl on the left in the right hand picture.
white bowl with only oranges.
the chair the lady is resting her foot on.
The top of a green chair which the lady has a boot on.
a skating man.
A man with black outfit, standing in the snow with slider.
A brown haired woman wearing a lime green button down shirt.
a woman wearing a striped green shirt smiling.
A white and black train on a track.
main train in view.
A beige car with two people looking at us.
Horse eating grass.
A horse with it's calf.
A black rolling suitcase sitting under a black and grey backpack.
the man's suitcase.
Man in a red shirt.
The man in a red striped shirt standing and playing the Wii.
The giraffe further from the fence.
A giraffe that is smaller than the other one.
A wooden bench next to concrete stairs.
A bench with the back of it up against a stone staircase.
a woman wearing cooling glass and white cap and cement color dress.
The woman on the right side of the photo wearing a white cap, she is not standing on a skateboard.
man playing tennis.
The man holding a black ball bat, wearing white shorts and a white shirt with a yellow and blue stripe running diagonal down it.
The futon sofa next to the window.
A sofa on the left side of the bed with a orange pillow placed on it.
A white horse harnessed to a cart between two other white horses.
A white horse in the middle of other white horses.
A lady nearest the net.
A woman in a tennis dress and dark soocks holding a tennis racket.
A waiter serving wine.
Man in suit standing holding and pouring wine.
A man crouched facing another man.
A man in a janitor uniform holding a baseball mitt.
A woman in black colored dress with some design.
A woman in a black kimono.
A young man doing a trick on a skateboard.
A man is skating with blue T-shirt.
A white truck with yellow lettering on the side.
The truck labeled Slider city.
a wooden bench is placed near a fence.
the left area of the bench before the woman in the right hand picture.
A woman dressed in black drinking a glass of water.
woman in black.
A man in a black shirt rides a horse.
The man on the horse wearing blue pants with yellow stripes.
The triangle of the sandwich where the content are visible to the camera.
Half of a sandwich with its insides showing.
utencil with 2 round circles on its.
A woman playing a Wii.
a woman in front of a christmas tree holding a wii controller.
A cup of coffee which is furthest away from packets of sugar.
A coffee in the cup near the cheese sandwich.
A small boy standing near the bath tub with his brush on the mouth.
a child pressing the teeth.
A man in a white shirt sitting at a picnic table.
Blurred person in the middle of the picture with a light shirt reaching for something.
a bike on the road and a person repairing it.
motorcycle with plate number 33-71.
Bear with all four paws on the ground.
A bear standing on all fours behind a cage's bars.
Outdoor bench.
Long white wire bench.
a giraffe looking to its right.
an orange that is inside a basket, along with other objects.
An orange in the rope basket.
Two out of focus apples in a green bowl behind an apple with a bite taken out of it.
The apples in the bowl in the background.
An empty white chair sitting in front of a silver laptop.
the vacant chair nearest to the camera.
A blond woman with sunglasses on her head, holding a pizza slice up to her face and smiling.
A young woman eats a slice of pizza.
the red car.
A red convertible vehicle.
The toilet seat and the toilet tank.
The toilet is being used as a planter for flowers.
a large blue and white crane standing on the dock.
A bird that is standing on the dock with long legs and a scrunched up neck.
bare footed lega on a scatter board.
A man that is not wearing any shoes.
a piece of bread in the very middle of the picture.
The third roll in from the left.
A man in a black shirt and jeans playing wii with another man.
guy closest to camera.
A man holding briefcase.
Man holding a boy in a suitcase.
A MAN STANDING BEHIND BOTH GIRLS.
A man waving in a blue ski suit.
A silhouette of a person holding a knife.
Shadow in window that appears to be holding something in hand.
A man wearing a white jacket and black pants.
A man wearing a white workout shirt standing to the left side.
A green toothbrush.
a green handled brush.
the blue and pink umbrellas.
A red umbrella above the woman in the red shirt and handbag.
A cow tagged 725.
A cow with white fur on its head.
A projector screen.
This is a large board with information on where a teacher is teaching.
A girl with a sparkling head band and a pink shirt.
A little girl making a sandwich.
A black bird facing the camera.
A black keyboard on a desk.
Woman holding baby.
A woman in the snow holding a baby.
A white laptop playing what appears to be a news stream.
a computer screen with a man on it.
The hand of someone who isn't fully in the picture grabbing an object.
Someones hand reaching out to assist the lady cutting the cake.
bunch of broccoli in front of the shrimp.
Three-wheeled motorcycle behind another three-wheeled motorcycle.
a bike in the middle.
A teal colored motorcycle next to a blue motorcycle.
The backside of a zebra lying down on the green grass.
A zebra laying down.
Catcher.
A baseball player wearing a blue and gray uniform catches a ball.
The man in the white shirt.
A tennis player.
A chair in front of a window.
chair with 2 bags on it.
A police officer riding on a motorcycle ahead of two other officers.
A man on a police motorcycle in front of the other two police motorcyclists.
A Little League baseball player throwing the ball to someone.
The pitcher of the game of little leaguers.
the glass of lemonade, to the left of the pizza.
A glass of lemonade.
a red and black passenger bus.
the red bus in the foreground.
A woman on a bike to the left of a man riding a bike.
A black and white photo of a girl on a bike.
The blonde woman sitting on the couch.
Woman on far end of couch with white shirt next to man in yellow shirt.
a clear container holding spaghetti noodles that is between the bananas and a clear jar with white crystals in it.
Canister of uncooked Spaghetti on a counter.
A bottle of orange juice next to a banana and parfait.
A bottle of juice sitting on a table.
The biggest pizza.
a woman sitting at a table wearing a red scarf around her neck.
A woman sitting at a table with her chin on her hand.
A banana with a blue sticker on it.
banana on the right.
Red portable gas tank attached to a cooker.
Red canister next to pot.
A yellow and gray train.
A yellow train with the number 1 written on it in front of another train.
Brown horse pulling a carriage.
a dark brown horse standing next to a gray and white horse.
A plane landing.
plane in air.
man on left.
A man in a checked jacket.
a pile of red apples on top of green apples.
The bunch of tomatoes right behind the yellow lemons.
The pizza in front of the camera.
a personal pizza with mushroom and ham toppings.
A lady sitting with others with her right arm partially raised and bent at the elbow.
the person at back left near the window.
The advertisement with a picture of a woman wearing an orange dress and holding a coffee cup.
woman on a billboard holding a coffee cup.
the container with the yellow food in it.
The container appears to included pineapple.
Broccoli that is piled into a bowl.
bowl full of broccoli in the back right.
This is a woman holding a wii mote and wearing black dress.
The blonde girl sitting in the middle.
the man wearing black in the background behind the red shirted man's left hand.
person in black shirt and black hat standing in the distance.
A brown horse with a black mask being ridden by a rider in an orange jacket.
A jockey in orange and his horse.
Woman in green jacket about to eat a large plate of food.
girl wearing green jacket.
VIEW FROM FRONT SEAT OF CAR.
A car driving on a road with cows in the opposite lane, behind a Chevy SUV.
A gray elephant with tan hay on it's head.
the elephant that is on top of the other elephant back.
The man in the wheelchair.
a man in a wheel chair sitting across the street.
A brown canoe with a canopy on top.
The empty bench.
An unoccupied wooden bench.
the zebra behind the zebra facing the camera.
Zebra standing behind another zebra.
A big orange suitcase.
An orange suitcase at the airport.
A person skiing, wear plaid and blue pants.
Woman in plaid jacket and blue pants on skis.
tennis player in red.
tennis player in red.
A man wearing a yellow wrist band.
the boy with the hat on.
A little girl looking at a cake.
Birthday girl.
a blue plane with the number 2 on it.
A blue and yellow fighter jet with the number 2 on the tail.
tall brown  giraffe standing next to gray poles.
A giraffe standing in an enclosed area.
A young man in a suit who is posing seriously.
skate board closest to camera.
The skateboard that the girl in the striped shirt is using.
a giraffed leaning over the cement wall.
a giraffe leaning over a wall.
A blond woman in a red jacket.
the woman with a blue shirt and red plaid jacket.
A teddy bear with a blue and white plaid pattern.
A plaid teddy bear on the bed next to a yellow teddy bear.
The ramp to a truck.
a semi with a ramp in the back.
no picture.
A man in mid stride next to a scooter.
A man holding a baby while on a skateboard.
A man wearing a white baseball hat.
A woman in blue that is the furthest away.
A woman in a blue shirt.
A small group of oranges in the top of the picture begins the fruit bundle.
lemons in the top row between the bananas and the kiwis.
The hotdog with carrot shavings on it.
a hotdog with carrots on it.
man is cutting hair to another.
A person in a paint-splattered hoodie with scissors.
A horse go to eat some food.
White and brown colored horse stretch its neck to reach food holding by a lady.
the big elephant.
Big elephant, on the left.
the body part of horse below the wooden bar.
bottom half of the horse has hair that is long.
The horse on the right.
the horse whose face you cannot see.
a slice of chocolate cake on a blue plate.
A triangle brownie on a blue plate.
Knife is using for cutting the vegetables.
a vegetable peeler with vegetables on a table.
blue and white umbrella on the sand.
A blue and white golfing umbrella.
The first reflection of a woman facing forward.
reflections of a girl in a mirror.
A woman in a checkered shirt.
Woman workingslicing.
a blanket under a dog.
A blanket with a person under it.
a person wearing red pajamas sitting next to a baby.
a burnt orange dress.
a boy with blue pants and dark blue t shirt smiling at camera.
the surfer on the left in the right hand picture.
A man walking away from the beach carrying a yellow surfboard.
PERSON ON RIGHT SIDE CLOSER TO VIEW.
A person in a black and white shirt sitting on the subway.
The bike tire to the right of the dog.
the chair at the empty table in the right hand picture.
Wooden chair, far left of picture.
Man with frisbee.
man throwing frisbee.
An open part of the table between a can and two sandwich baskets.
A peeled orange sitting on top and to the right of other fruit.
A whole peeled orange.
A kid on a snowboard wearing a red helmet.
long haired woman holding papers and a mike and wearing a  blue sleeveless dress.
women in blue dress.
A child in a floral print dress.
A child eating fruit while sitting beside two other children eating.
a larger stuffed animal sitting between 3 other stuffed animals.
A green and white stuffed toy that is surrounded by smaller stuffed toys.
the giraffe facing to the left of the photo.
A giraffe that is taller than the other giraffe.
A truck's side mirrors sticking out from a red truck that is not visible in the photo.
A red truck parked beside a white and blue truck.
A light brown surfboard laid up on the beach.
the surfboard on the left.
person in purple shirt.
A woman in a pink sweater.
A womann touching a stuffed toy animal by her right hand.
a women black shirt and design flower.
An orange chair looks ragged next to the clean white chair.
A ripped, brown chair with a lampshade underneath it.
An orange bus.
Orange bus with number 178 next to a white bus.
AN WHITE AND LAVENDAR COLOR UMBRELLA HOLDING A LADY.
Red and white umbrella being held by a women walking in the store.
boy with blond hair wearing red shirt, not jumping.
The girl with the orange shirt.
A girl in an orange tank top.
The partial black tabletop on the right.
table cut off closest to camera.
A woman in black posing next to a man while holding a tennis racket.
A woman in white pants holding a tennis racket.
The man wearing a blue shirt smiles in front of a birthday cake.
A man sitting down in front of birthday cake with lit candles.
A monitor with a white background on the right of another monitor.
A computer monitor iwth a white screen.
A man's tan bag that is resting in his lap.
The bowl holding the bananas.
A plate that holds bananas.
a bright yellow van stuck in traffic.
A yellow coloured van moving along the road.
The white coffee mug is full of coffee.
A cup of coffee with milk.
The horse in front with the red shirted jockey.
The brown horse carrying the jockey in the red shirt.
The multi color bouquet of flowers.
A beautiful center arrangement of flowers, with roses, next to a fruit salad.
The left most man.
elderly man sitting alone, wearing long sleave shirt and glasses.
A computer monitor displaying a game.
A very wrinkly baby elephant walking around.
An elephant calf.
A black baby cow with her mother.
CUB WATCHING ITS MOTHER WHILE SHE RESTING.
A WHITE COLORED BIRD FLYING.
the white bird in the right hand picture.
A young girl skateboarding outside.
A girl with a white hoodie riding a skateboard on the street.
The padded black back of an unoccupied chair in front of a white desk.
This is an empty black chair with a red jacket.
the plane containing the number 10.
left most plane of three yellow planes.
A very large tan crock holding decorative grasses that can almost touch the brick sidewalk.
Green plants are house in the concrete plant container on the far right.
A small girl wearing a pink dress.
A CUTE BIRTHDAY GIRL CUTTING THE CAKE.
THe chips served in front og the open faced sandwich.
Kettle cooked potato chip on a bed of lettuce.
A man with glasses wearing a white backpack.
A young man with a backpack preparing to board a taxi van.
Tennis player holding a racket and wearing a wristband.
a tennis player with black sweat band in his right hand is standing next to other player.
a man with a vague beard.
THE TWO GENTLEMEN ARE SEEING A CUP OF DRINK.
folded chair furthest from fence.
A folded up wooden lawn chair.
The sheep to the left of the other sheep.
The tail of a cat is beside the desk and chair.
the cat's tail that is on the bottom right of the photo; the body of the cat is not visible.
white and black cat.
A cat that's got half white and half black fur.
A man wearing a brown jacket.
A LADY READY TO PLAY SNOW SKATING WITH HIS COLLEAGUE.
The middle zebra.
A zebra standing in-between two other zebras.
Ham sandwich on a table.
Half of a hoagie.
A red arm chair next to a fireplace.
A chair is near the fireplace.
A blue and white motorcycle with no rider.
a blue mopef with no one on it.
A man standing wearing a hat.
A man standing next to a bench, wearing a hat.
a man waiting for a bus.
A man waiting at a bus stop.
The silver car parked across the street.
A GREY COLOR CAR OTHER SIDE OF THE ROAD.
A zebra bends its head to scavenge the ground in front of a tree.
The first Zebra in the front.
A long table.
the giant table in the right hand picture.
Coast Guard ship rescuing people.
Large boat, with people standing on it and with life preservers.
Bird peeking out below the other.
bird below the other in the image.
a chubby kid wearing a scarf.
a man wearing a scarf holding a bottle of beer.
Blue table on wheels with yellow coffee cup and newspapers underneath it.
An aquamarine platform with some papers on the bottom of it.
A beige cat food dish, empty of food, but has a cat standing in it.
A food dish with a kitten standing in it.
Young black boy in a red shirt.
A boy in a red shirt playing in a field with kites.
horse in the back of the pack.
a brown horse furthest away in the picture.
sub sitting on table.
A bun on the plate.
A man on a scooter.
The blue bike with a man on it.
A commuter train with a man standing next to it.
A yellow train with a man standing next to it.
Bottle with label that reads Chandov.
A bottle of Chandon.
A bowl of rice and corn.
A container of rice and corn.
mama bear, standing.
A mom brown bear with a baby brown bear in a field.
Tall glass of amber colored foamy beer beside a bottle.
A glass full of beer that is frothing at the top.
An umbrella depicting black cats.
A brown umbrella with cats on it.
Old pair of scissors at the top of the picture.
The instrument at the top of the row of instruments.
The officer facing the camera.
A mounted police officer wearing sunglasses.
The pizza utensil that is on the furthest plate.
Long spatula sitting under pizza.
a ski shoe of a person getting ready to ski.
The boot that is not covered by the snowboard.
A man with the number eight on his jersey.
A soccer player with a number eight on his jersey.
The horse on the right.
horse on the right side.
A yellow plane with the number 15 on its nose parked between two similar looking planes.
A yellow helicopter.
a dark object most left and lower of screen shot.
A shopper wearing a black coat.
In the right picture, the girl touching the ground.
Woman crouching with a tennis raquet.
This is a multi-colored placemat under an empty white plate.
The table under the plates.
The clock face on the right side of a clock tower.
A clok that is on the right side.
Tall person with red cap on.
The man in the red hat.
Bird in the center who is facing left.
Bird with long beak nearest dark brown animal.
MALE WITH BROWN SHIRT.
A man pointing at a keyboard that is growing plants out of it.
The elephant in the front.
An elephant leading a herd of elephants.
The toilet the boy is sitting on.
a white toilet with a boy on it.
black backpack on wicker chair.
A black blanket on top of a chair.
tangerine next to pomegranate.
a orange smaller then the others.
Woman in blue and white shirt reaching for toppings.
A woman in a white and blue short sleeved shirt reaching for a plate of vegetables.
A zebra standing in profile eating hay.
A zebra that is standing to the left of a tree.
a white sheep laying down with a blanket over him and green tag in its ear.
A sheep laying down with a cover on it and a green-yellow ear tag.
the bigger plant.
A green plant next to the bed.
man in black coat carrying brown paper bag.
A man carrying a brown paper bag.
A black row boat.
dark basic boat.
man in blue suit standing.
A man in a suit.
Man with dark hair in red robe.
the boy in the robe who is not wearing a mask.
A man with his mouth open.
A man in a black and white striped suit wearing a large amount of eye shadow all around his eyes.
the first sandwich on the plate.
A sandwich tilted up.
A woman in glasses eating a hot dog.
Woman in glasses stuffing her face with a large weiner.
Man on the left in the white cap.
a man with a tattoo holding a tennis racket.
a tray of carrots and a mix of fruit.
The bowl with carrots and a blue elephant.
A book at the bottom of a pile, entitled Making Polymer Clay Beads.
Blue book lying in the bottom of other books.
A person with short hair and glasses smiling with their eyes closed.
The person wearing glasses.
Sheep in the foreground.
The animal being held by the standing man.
train on the far right.
The red bus nearest the camera.
A chair next to the girl in white.
A black chair at the end of the table.
the smaller knife on top.
the smaller knife that is on top.
A white surfboard held by a woman wearing a pink bikini top and a wetsuit that has been partially pulled down.
A surfboard carried by a woman.
A black leather sofa.
A brown leather couch that a man and a woman are sitting on while watching something.
The skier who is in the background wearing black and yellow pants.
A man with white, yellow and green pants during the Olympics.
A blue train near the mountain.
a patterned purse on a orange bench.
Red patterned baggage on bench.
man playing in ground.
The catcher behind the batter.
The slice of fruit on top of pile next to the bowl of red sauce.
A piece of cooked carrot at the top of a stacked pile of carrots.
a woman on skis wearing a black coat.
A skier looks at the camera.
the boy sitting against the wall, reading.
A BOY SITTING ON A FLOOR READING SOMETHING.
The hot dog on the left that has sauerkraut on it.
Long hotdog on a bun with saurkraut.
A woman in glasses and in a pink shirt playing Wii.
A woman in a pink shirt swinging a game control.
a big elephant leading the herd down a street.
An elephant standing to the left of the others.
The man holding the white frisbee.
ONE GENTLEMAN IS SITTING IN A CHAIR WITH A PLATE FOR WANT OF SOMETHING.
Cat with clear eyes and brown and white coat sitting on the floor.
top cat that is NOT wearing the hat.
Laptop with image of shoe on monitor.
A laptop with a picture of a shoe on its screen next to another laptop.
A man with a mustache and beard wearing brown shirt.
Black bearded man looking at a cake.
A white car.
Silver car with man feeding the zebra.
a man in a blue shirt.
A man in a blue shirt.
A BLACK COLOUR SPEC BOY SITTING IN THE LIVING ROOM AND HE OPERATE THE REMOTE CONTROL.
boy wearing black jacket watching seriously.
green car paking in road.
the small green car in the background.
A tennis player in a white shirt.
A woman serving a tennis ball.
A lady bending to lift some thing.
A black woman picking up trash.
paper drink cup.
Ted's hot dog soda cup.
The horse to the right of another horse.
The horse to the right.
A school bus is in the middle lane of traffic behind a taxi.
a smiling woman.
A woman standing next to an elephant.
stool on the left in the right hand picture.
A bar stool on the far left of the bartop.
A small black chair.
A small chair sits empty in front of the bureau.
A scissor with long thin blades.
The largest pair of scissors on the table.
The bottom plane.
an iron eagle plane soaring beneath another one.
man outside wearing a hat.
A man in a hat looking down at the object in his hands.
The urinal closest to the camera.
a tan couch.
A beige sofa in front of a dining room table.
TWO BLACK AND WHITE COLOR PILLOWS ON THE PURPLE COLOR TABLE TOY.
White cheetah print cushions on a bench.
A girl wearing skinny jeans with an Apple computer on her legs.
A woman in a dark shirt sitting on a couch.
A part of the table to the right of the pizza box.
Part of a table with no cans, nearest the person holding a black book bag.
The bigger zebra.
Taller zebra.
A woman standing with a remote control in her hand.
A lady playing a game and another lady is watching it.
Man observing game with blue shirt and khaki pant.
The main the blue shirt and brown khakis.
Player number 21.
A girl playing soccer wearing a jersey with number 21 on the back.
chair that the blond boy is sitting on.
The brown wooden chair the blonde boy is sitting on.
A young girl with whales on her shirt looking at a sandwich.
A small girl with a shirt that has whales on it.
The small piece of broccoli closest to the green beans (not the peas).
the broccoli in the bottom right of the photo.
the bench the boy laying on his back is on.
The seated part of the bench that is not covered by the little boy.
person eatting bannana.
A woman with black hair wearing a white shirt, eating a banana and smiling.
An orange tabby cat wearing a collar with a bell.
a floral mug of tea behind a sandwich.
A Tea cup on a saucer.
The snowboarder in the red hat.
A boy in a red hat and black pants on a snowboard.
A slice of cake furthest from the subject.
piece of cake on top of tray, closer to the fork tines.
The quesadilla directly in front of the bowl of jam.
The man riding the skateboard.
A man riding a skate board.
white and purple cup on table.
A bottle which cap is yellow.
A YELLOW LEMON WITH A GREEN SPOT ON IT.
The laptop that is the second one in from the right side.
giraffe in the right most side of the image.
A giraffe to the right of two other giraffes.
Woman in green shirt.
Lady in the green shirt.
Kjaki shorts.
A MAN STANDING BACKSIDE RESTING HIS LEFT HAND IN THE CHAIR WEARING BROWN COLOR HALF TROUSER AND RED COLOR T SHIRT.
brown frosted donut.
A large chocolate frosted donate on a yellow tray.
A computer monitor sitting on a table with other computers.
A computer monitor with yellow and red squares at the bottom of the screen.
female on left with brown hair wearing black jacket.
a woman in black sitting down.
A man in a blue shirt that is standing and facing two horses.
man in blue shirt.
A man holding food in his hand.
A man preparing food in a kitchen.
The boat with the red stripe is crashed on the shore.
A ship-wrecked boat with sea-green and rust-red paint.
The big brown horse with the white cop ontop/.
A brown horse carrying a police officer.
A man with blue t-shirt, smiling and starring at someone.
man in blue shirt and black shorts.
The table nearest the wine rack.
A train with a green front.
A green and silver train with "FRET" written on it.
chair in background, front left.
The back of the chair on the left.
A woman in black clasps her hands together at the head of the table.
A woman sitting at a kitchen table with her fingers interlaced.
Red fire hydrant valve.
A fire hydrant is in the field.
A man in a black sweatshirt with a girl and lots of tables with colorful umbrellas.
A MAN STANDING POSITION AND HOLDING THE OUR TWO HAND  BLUE COLOR SHIRT AND JEANS PANT.
Man leaning on bike on boat.
A man not wearing a hat standing in a boat.
A giraffe standing up.
A giraffe looks into the trees for a few leafy treats.
dishwasher.
A white dish washer under the counter.
a red and white table with cups and plates and pizza sitting on it.
A table with a partially eaten pizza set on a circular tray and an empty plate.
An airplane that says Air Canada.
The Air Canada airplane driving towards the terminal.
woman giving a thumbs up.
A blonde woman wearing glasses and a black top giving a thumbs up.
LOWER RIGHT OF COUCH AND BLACK ARM OF CHAIR.
A gray couch.
silver and black laptop on desk with water bottle.
The laptop on the right with the silver screen and black keyboard.
A man in a red shirt looking at his flip phone.
The man with the red t-shirt who is playing on his phone.
The half of the sandwich on the right.
Half a sandwich close to a plate of pickles.
An open suitcase that a man is reaching into.
an open suitcase on the ground.
A zebra with a metal beam obstructing our view of it.
The zebra that is behind the railing.
The bat held in the mans left hand.
The bat held by the man on the right.
A leather single seat sofa in the room.
the back of a brown leather chair.
Bald black soccer player in yellow.
A man in a yellow shirt kicking a ball.
couch on right hand side in the background.
couch against the far window.
A shirtless surfer standing on a surfboard riding a wave.
A surfer riding a wave.
A flower pot stacked on top of another.
A pizza on the table.
A whole pizza sitting on a plate full of various ingredients like tomatoes and cucumbers.
blue and purple balloon vase.
A blue, purple and lavender vase sitting on a counter.
A man in a circular hat and pants.
Man in the back with the hat on.
A red SUV.
A dirty maroon minivan parked on the side of the road infront of a silver compact car.
a young girl points at a microwave.
A woman with brown hair pointing at a microwave.
A part of L.C.D. Display of a computer next to a laptop which is displayed on top to card board laptop stand.
part of screen with something pink leaning up against it.
The bed and pillow next to the window on the right.
a gray ottoman.
A large white glider laying on a long grassy runway.
Right hand of person holding toothbrush.
A hand with cat brush.
A red, white, and blue airplane that is parked.
A single engine prop airplane.
Blue Bike in front of other blue bike.
The man with his hand in the air.
An older man standing wearing a white shirt and black pants holding a game controller.
The bench.
A bench with cat's near it.
A man in a gray unifirm being tagged by a brown glove.
A baseball player attempts to avoid a tag-out by another player.
The man sitting.
A man drinking colt 45 and a woman in the fridge.
Bleachers behind the men.
The section of bleachers to the right of the other section.
the umpire in black.
The man in the black shirt and pants.
Tall green plant.
The bush to the right of the door.
A black cow with a white face standing next to a red cow with a white face.
A black cow with a white face, with a dog behind it.
A large plane with identification number RA-96010.
An airplane numbered RA-96010.
the computer screen closest to the person.
A computer screen in front of a Han Solo cutout, and to the right of another computer screen.
Traffic light on the image.
A woman in white playing tennis.
A blonde tennis player.
A half of a person.
A man half off the photo.
Laptop computer with screensaver showing.
A black laptop sitting atop a drawer.
man sitting at the right side of the image.
A person in a blue color sweater.
A black color purse with a silver chain.
A handbag with a bow that is being worn by a woman.
A batter hitting a baseball.
A baseball player swinging at bat.
the red empty chair.
An empty red chair with a glass of water in front of it.
The fish flatbread on the left side of the plate.
chair lower right hand corner.
arm chair with wooden arm rests and legs.
A woman in red cooking with her daughter.
The adult woman in the red shirt in the picture.
A small girl in a pink shirt.
A young girl sitting on a skateboard, holding her hands out for balance.
The spoon kept in front of the dish having a creamish liquid.
A silver spoon kept near a white color bowl.
a skateboard ridden by a person in a blue helmet and kneepads.
a skateboard being ridden by a person in a blue helmet.
Baseball catcher in red.
a catcher.
A man wearing a hat is guiding a horse.
The dark skinned man is wearing a blue and grey cap with an insignia.
The giraffe standing a little behind the other one on the right side.
Giraffe on the right that is the taller of the two.
a computer monitor with blue and purple screen to the left of all the other monitors.
A silver colored apple monitor sits under a drawing of an airplane, triangle, and swirls.
There is violet colored chair.
A light blue chair that a cyclist is sitting in.
A LADY SITTING WITH HER HUSBAND AND WEARING BLACK COLOR DRESS.
woman holding cup.
person without pink heart shoes.
The bottom of a pant leg belonging to a person wearing a pair of blue and white sneakers. It is located directly behind the puppies.
This is a sandwich with lots of meat on rye bread.
A table with four chairs around it.
A circular brown table.
A DINING TABLE HOLDING FOODS.
table in front in the right hand picture.
A green banana.
The banana that sits in the metal wired bowl.
Large bull to the right of the cart.
A yak standing with its rear end to a tree and its head near a trailer.
The top of a moving car.
Black car going through an intersection.
A computer monitor closest to a speaker.
screen on the left.
The middle donut.
Second sweet in the line.
child standing up on high chair.
A small child standing on a chair.
a group of carrot sticks.
A person in black playing tennis.
A person dressed all in black waiting to receive a tennis serve.
blue umbrela on a beach leaning against a folding chiar.
A fallen blue beach umbrella, leaning against a beach chair on a sandy beach.
A white loveseat with colorful throw pillows.
the white couch with the three red pillows.
A giraffe behind another giraffe.
A giraffe with its head lowered looking to the left.
the umpire of a baseball game.
A baseball umpire in dark clothes.
Cargo Truck.
the big truck.
Man wearing glasses.
Caucasian male with glasses and a moustache.
Man in black coat listening to a guy in green talk.
A man wearing a black fleece jacket.
A man in black T-Shirt playing.
A man wearing a black shirt and shorts holding a frisbee.
A  small,blue car at an intersection.
A blue Mazda car.
The baby elephant.
a baby elephant.
A small black carry-on travel bag.
A black carry-on bag sitting on top of a black suitcase.
a man wearing a hat.
The man wearing a purple sweatshirt next to a woman.
The piece of bread to the right of the cup of sauce.
A baked bun that is next to the cup.
An umpire stands at attention behind a red-helmeted catcher during a baseball game.
an umpire.
An older gentleman with gray hair and glasses wearing an orange hawaiian shirt.
a man in a red shirt.
A zebra standing between rocks grazing on grass.
Lone zebra with head to grass.
right hand zebra.
zebra was eating flowers.
The woman holding the cow wearing all white.
A woman dressed in white leading a black and white cow by a rope down the street.
A baseball player getting ready to swing his bat.
a batter with a red shirt and white pants.
a slice of carrot on a plate.
A piece of carrot under some red slices of pepper.
person with black tshirt.
The back of man with a black shirt and words on the shirt.
A bald man with a beaded necklace watching another man with a knife slice something on a plate.
A man with a shaved head standing behind a basket of hanging fruit in a grey t-shirt.
A sink and faucet in a bathroom.
the wash basen was in the toilet room.
slice of pizza furthest to the right.
the back of a dog that is looking into a mirror.
The back of the head of a dog looking into a mirror.
Horse with brown face.
A white horse with brown spots and a blue bridle.
umpire in black behind catcher.
The catcher wearing black.
The green pillow sitting on the couch.
A green pillow on a grey couch.
front of a small black early automobile.
a car to the right of another car.
Zebra to the left, facing away from the others.
Back end of a zebra standing to the left of two other zebras.
An orange volkswagen van.
an orange and white volkswagon van.
A big black and white cow standing in a field next to a brown cow, with a smaller black cow in the background.
A black cow standing beside a brown cow with a smaller black cow behind her.
A young man with dark hair talking on a cell phone with one hand raised up in the air.
Man in the dark shirt.
A chair upon which sits a woman with a black umbrella.
The chair on the left.
the orange on the furthermost right.
woman in black.
the only girl in the pic.
A woman with blond hair and a white sweater at a bar.
A blonde woman.
a stop sign.
A stop sign with a heart on it.
A woman in a white dress.
A lady wearing a whit and peach colour gown.
The table top in the top right photo.
A kitchen table in the upper right photograph.
a man wearing a chef jacket.
Man preparing a dish.
A woman in a white shirt talking on a phone.
woman talking on phone.
A partially seen black computer keyboard.
The keyboard under the largest monitor.
Black suitcase on man's lap.
The black suitcase in front of the man.
A bunch of yellow bananas.
The bunch of bananas.
A pizza placed in first row in second place with the top of filling tomatoes, cheese and spinach.
A pizza with fresh tomatoes, basil and large chunks of white cheese.
a tall giraffe standing among many tree branches.
A tall giraffee which is searching for food.
A boy in white t-shirt and black cap sitting on a skateboard.
Man wearing a black cap, sitting on his skateboard.
Umbrella stand with the number 2.
A clear colored glass filled with dark colored soda.
A person's half full glass of dark soda served along with dessert.
The person in the bottom right of the picture sitting on the snow.
a black bag of some type.
The beautiful old hire grazing in the bright sun of a warm day.
A white horse.
A person with neon yellow wristband and wearing black shorts.
A person's hand with lots of wristbands reaching for a donut.
dark blue toothbrush.
A white toothbrush with dark blue accents.
A man wearing shorts on a skateboard ramp.
A man in a black helmet riding a skateboard.
The man on the left.
A man in a bowler hat shearing a sheep.
woman on left.
A woman with blonde hair sitting next to a man on the phone in a black pea coat.
The small zebra blocked by the adult.
Cow lying on the beach.
A tan cow laying in the dirt.
A cat laying on the back of a toilet.
A cat laying across the top of a toilet.
elephant in the background.
The elephant that is completely behind the post.
An orange chair in front of the window\.
An orange chair with a dark pillow.
A serving of chinese food which contains broccoli served in a white bowl.
Plate of food that has soup and brocoli in it.
a brown pop over to the right of two other popovers.
Round food on the top and right of two others.
A dark horse walking ahead of a second dark horse.
Wooden surface of the table.
brown wooden table top.
The baseball player who is not holding a bat.
A baseball player without a bat.
A man in the middle of two business women.
Man in suit between two women.
An egg salad sandwich facing away from the center of the table.
Half of an egg sandwich facing this way.
A lady in black smelling her wine.
A woman sniffing a class of wine.
A wooden rocking chair.
A light brown wicker rocking chair.
A gray desk chair that a girl is sitting in.
Chair under a woman.
A white car with a red hood and yellow license plate.
The back side of a white vehicle with a yellow license plate that is in front of a motorcycle.
A man in a red backpack.
The man in the tan jacket is wearing glasses.
The orange with the blue sticker.
orange with blue sticker on left side of banana.
A woman wearing a stocking cap and red blouse.
A women helping other women take a picture with her cell phone.
the tan chair with a red scarf on it.
A lazy chair in a living room has a red blanket laying on it.
The suitcase in the reflection.
Cross-body bag belonging to woman in red scarf.
a purse worn by a young girl.
The giraffe walking in front of the other.
A giraffe in the lead by a full body length.
motorcycle in back.
Front Parts of two motor cycles parking on stand.
Man with a suit walking with his friends smoking a cigar.
A man in a light blue shirt and sunglasses.
the elephant whose only two legs are visible in picture.
The rear two legs of an elephant without the tail showing.
A cupcake with sprinkles.
A donut with colored sprinkles.
The elephant whose face is visible.
An elephant's trunk takes food.
A large giraffe model with a smaller model behind it.
The closest giraffe.
the man standing near the fence with his hand resting on top.
man in blue shirt with hand on fence behind catcher.
a yellow truck next to bulldozer.
A bright yellow truck in a parking lot.
A person behind the man in the green shirt.
the man in black behind the player.
Shiny dark snowboard near kid.
an empty snowboard.
A pepper shaker next to a hamster.
A pepper shaker with a red cap.
baby elephant closest to large elephant.
A small elephant behind another small elephant.
A white couch facing us.
A white couch at the back of the room.
A green bus with pink dolphin-like characters on the side.
a green passenger bus with cartoon figures drawn on the side.
Glass of wine in front of a wine bottle.
The cup of wine on the right is the fullest.
The little girl with a black dress.
Female wearing dress and makeup.
A brown chair with light brown padding, farthest from the dark brown sofa chair.
1ST CHAIR ON LEFT.
A bus in the bus stand is empty.
The yellow and red bus.
half of someones arm and chair.
THERE IS ONE PERSON SITTING BESIDE THE BABY.
small giraffe in the image.
giraffe with neck straight up.
child in the left side of the image with blue color t-shirt.
a baby eating.
A man with a black scarf.
A man with a dark scarf in front of a vegetable stand, pointing at something.
a dog looking up.
A small brown dog standing in front of a kitchen cabinet.
A MAN WEARING YELLOW DRESS DOING ICE SKATE.
Snowboarding wearing a yellow jacket performing a jump.
Animal that is lying down in front of the cow.
A cow laying on ground under the head of a white cow.
The blue and yellow bus.
Commercial bus moving on a busy freeway with other automobiles.
umbrella on the left.
left side umbrella over concession stand.
a seagull on a car mirror.
A white bird sitting on the side mirror of a vehicle.
A baby in a highchair wearing a bib with cartoons on it.
a baby wearing a bib and eating broccoli.
Boy with glasses.
A boy in a green baseball uniform with glasses on.
Some pizza and chicken wings on a plate.
A white dish of food containing three pieces of pizza and pasta.
A LADY POURING A WINE TO THE GLASS WITH SMILING FACE WEARING BROWN LINED SHIRT.
The lady pouring wine.
The woman tennis player wearing a white shirt and a blue skirt.
a young woman in a blue and white tennis outfit.
A man with a tan shirt and wearing a black hat is sitting next to a woman.
The man in the yellow shirt.
Bike with Alitalia .
The front end of a colorful motorcycle.
Cooked broccoli, center front of the plate.
Pieces of broccoli in a plate.
A boy in black, white, and neon green pajamas sleeping next to his sister.
The polar bear is fighting.
The woman in all black.
person in black with a pink hat standing to the left of a yellow Roxy's truck.
Apple laptop on top of cat.
A grey laptop on top of a cat sitting on top of woman lap.
A man smiling, wearing a gray t-shirt and yellow lanyard.
A man in a grey shirt with a yellow lanyard around his neck.
a ram staring directly at a car with a white and black nose.
A ram in the street.
GREEN OLIVES IN GLASS BOWL.
bowl of green olives.
A corduroy couch.
The striped sofa directly in front of the table.
giraffe on left.
A tall giraffe next to a shorter giraffe.
a white truck behind two men.
The white van.
A brown baby bear.
A stuffed baby bear is being held by an adult bear.
A man resting his arms on a parking meter in front of a jewelry store with another man as he smokes.
a man with his arms crossed.
The couch in front of the tall skinny table.
The white couch against the kitchen counter.
Green broccoli on a clear plate.
Four pieces of broccoli closest to carrots.
A book called 52 random acts of everyday creativity.
A book with numbered 52 on the bag with other makeup things.
A small white compact car that is to the side of a woman walking by in a purple outfit.
A white car outside.
A clear bowl full of chopped vegetables.
glass bowl with vegitables.
long green vegetable.
A stalk of broccoli on a plate with other vegetables.
Person standing behind the red sofa where the women are seated playing a game.
The body frame of somebody standing behind the couch.
The cute little smart car.
The white cubed shaped car.
The surfer that is not lying on his board.
A woman in a black and blue wet suit.
The orange and blue shirt of someone to the right of the boy holding a blue cup and green toothbrush.
A boy in the corner.
A jiraffe is looking in some shrubs for food.
A giraffe eating away from the other two giraffes.
a recovery vehicle that has a police vehicle.
Flatbed recovery tow truck.
The heads of two horses walking on the beach.
horse closest to the waves.
A man with a white helmet riding a motorcycle.
A person in a black shirt wearing a silver helmet.
Dark blue umbrella on rack between two other umbrellas.
A solid dark blue umbrella.
Table being leaned on.
A food tray with paper on it at a table.
Man in Indiana University shirt holding tennis ball.
A man wearing black t shirt and holding a tennis ball in his hand.
girl jumping up to swing her racket, as seen on the left side of duplicate image.
The woman who is jumping.
A horse with a red and white ear decoration.
A decorated brown and white horse to the left of another.
the citrus most upper right in the pic.
The slice of fruit that is at the top right corner of the picture.
A small black bear lying in front of another.
the animal lying down.
A father fixing a cabinet in the kitchen.
The man squatting.
A monitor with a white screen, text and a picture next to a green monitor.
A system was on a table which is showing the movie.
an elderly man in a grey striped shirt.
The old man in the stripped shirt.
A baseball bat in the hands of the man with his right knee down.
bat held by the man on the right.
A cage full of fake beige puppies below other cages.
A cage with 10 puppies in it.
A black bicycle to the left of others.
A black bicycle parked the closest to the road.
a man speaking on his mobile with his luggage near by.
A man in a tan business suit talking on a cell phone.
glass on left.
the cup on the left in the right hand picture.
the top most onion ring.
the donut on the person's index finger.
A brown horse in background.
brown horse in the back.
A man with a green shirt with a pink sticker on the front.
The person in the back wearing the green shirt with the blue collar.
Wooden side chair with brown cushion and white pillow.
The black car in front of the boy.
A black car infront of a boy wearing red.
The pizza with ham on it.
Pizza directly in front of person and between three Pepsi cups.
A man with glasses without a skateboard.
A man with glasses scratching his shoulder.
The black van.
A woman is sitting on the bumper about to put on skates.
Sausage with sauce on it.
A sausage with garnish is on a cutting board.
A giraffe on the left.
A taller giraffe standing behind a slightly smaller giraffe, near a tree.
A tree with fronds near a window.
A plant inside a red vase next to a wooden chair.
the monitor on the right, displaying the time.
laptop on with a purple lights.
A mans hand holding a hotdog.
Hand holding a hotdog and bun.
A small table with an empty drink cup and food basket sitting on it.
A table next to a chair with a cat on it.
Both of the closer double decker buses.
The red double decker bus in the middle of the road and next to a woman in a white top.
a man in a blue cap.
THe player in the back with the blue helmet.
the baggage handling truck in front of the jet engine.
The vehicle with yellow rail to the right of the man with the green vest.
Three zebras eating together.
A zebra eating from the ground.
The boy in the photograph.
The boy to the left of the girl.
A bird standing in a brown grassy area next to a smaller bird.
A tall bird with a pink head and long beak.
A red colour sofa placed near christmas tree.
A chair with a white cushion.
A chair with a white seat.
A dark purple tie in between two other ties.
The purple tie.
A semi truck driving in the far left lane of a busy street.
Large red freight truck in the right lane of traffic.
A redhead without a shirt on jumping for a frisbee.
A shirtless boy with red hair and wearing black shorts jumping to catch a blue frisbee.
A brown horse with a white mark on its forehead.
A horse in middle that a man is about to mount.
A boy with a blue cup sitting in between two other children.
middle child drinking from blue cup.
A white cup.
A small rimmed bowl behind a delicious pizza.
this is a surfboard with no man on it.
The board on the far left.
The standing cat.
A tan cat looking down at a grey and black cat.
A bunch of carrots next to a box of strawberries.
A bundle of carrots is displayed next to the strawberries.
hands holding a phone.
Hands holding an old cell phone.
Tall glass of lemondae.
A tall glass of lemonade with condensation on the outside.
A tomato sandwich made with white bread, behind strawberries and next to a bowl of jam.
A sandwich filled with orange to the left of the jam.
A woman in a pink shirt.
Women in a pink shirt on a park bench next to boy feeding birds.
A white stove in a kitchen.
A two burner gas top.
A boy playing baseball above 2013.
player with bat pulled back.
A lead horse in a three horse team.
lead horse pulling carriage.
Dark haired lady brushing her teeth with a big green toothbrush.
A women with green brush.
food an tablu.
A sugar covered donut sits on the white plate with 2 other donuts.
pink floral scarf top right.
A multi-colored scarrf.
an umpire standing behind the baseball player.
The man wearing blue standing up behind the batter.
A old women with a black sleevless tops holding a beer.
Lady in black dress with a beer in her front.
A baby in a baby chair with chocolate frosting on their face, with a big cake in front of them.
Precious child with chocolate on her face.
the second bed from the last,between light stand and bed table.
The lounge with a sheet covering it next to the light.
yellow cookie in the right side of the  image.
A small pastry topped with a mandarin orange and strawberry.
middle suit case.
A medium-sized red leather suitcase.
A yellow dog.
a dog eating food along with three other dogs.
the empty chair.
A chair that is empty.
Woman standing near the water holding a surf board.
A woman ready to get on water with a device.
A black cat sitting behind a vase of flowers.
Black and white cat on table.
A blue train with the letters JRF written on the side.
A train with blue car.
A group of apples in the front basket.
A woman in dark clothes leans against a street light while texting.
A woman leaning against a pole looking at her phone.
brown dog lying on a couch.
A sleeping dog with a pink collar.
a chair closest to the lady.
A chair sits behind a coffee table next to a woman in white.
A man  wearing a gray tee shirt sitting at a table.
A young man with red hair and glasses.
black microwave.
The microwave oven set into the cabinets.
A chair that a lady is sitting in.
A dark chair with a woman sitting in it.
A young girl on a skateboard.
girl on left.
Woman with blue coat cross country skiing.
Person in light blue jacket and dark pants on skis.
The man in the blue sweater holding the frisbee vertically.
2nd man from right.
The sink to the left of the soap dispenser.
A white sink to the left of another.
A man in a blue uniform sitting  at a table.
man in ad.
a man smoking a cigarette while on the phone.
A man holding a cigarrette, talking on a cell phone.
A stack of plain waffles is in the background of a photo of a plate of waffles with strawberries.
a stack of waffles on a plate behind the strawberry waffles.
Blue vase that is sitting in front of the rest.
A little blue vase in front of two other blue vases.
A MAN IS PLAYING BASEBALL WEARING WHITE PANTS AND BLUE SHIRT.
A baseball player that is swinging a bat.
Pair of scissors on the left.
Orange scissor handles.
man with glasses wearing plaid.
A man in a plaid shirt, beanie, and jeans facing another man in a beanie.
inside of canoe.
pears.
the surfboard being held by the man in the water.
skating board in mans hand.
A lone giraffed walking to the ostrich.
A first giraf stanting near the tree.
A cook wearing all white and a white chef's hat.
A WAITER SERVING BURGER WEARING WHITE COLOR UNIFORM.
A boy carrying skies on his shoulders.
adult in picture.
A grey cat with black stripes, laying between a woman and a boy.
A cat on a bed in front of a small boy.
A woman stands on a bed looking down at a man.
lady standing on bed near wall.
The woman in the blue shirt and black coat.
The woman.
A doubledecker bus trailing another one.
red double decker bus in the background.
a man with green pants.
Man with yellow snow pants carrying snowboard on his back.
A stuffed bear wearing eyeglasses and pink pants.
A teddybear wearing pink outfit.
a table set for a wedding with red wine, guest cards, and fine silverware.
table with wine.
An ethnic kid in a sport's jacket and black pants.
the boy in the gray jacket.
Beige couch arm next to brown table with phone and lamp on it.
the brown couch facing the left.
A person wearing a hat and a black t-shirt.
Person in black hat and shirt holds a tan bottle.
The cake with the picture of the bell on the top.
the white cake  from the front.
The woman in black dress.
A lady in a black dress cuts a wedding cake with her new husband.
A chair in the background with a coat draped over it.
black chair on which the dress is kept.
Girl wearing a red jacket holding a camera taking a picture of the girl in blue.
A woman with a red checkered jacket holding a camera.
The man holding the lower end of the furniture, who's face isn't visible.
the guy in the back barely visible carrying the shelf in the right hand picture.
A yellow deck chair on a pier with 3 other deck chairs.
A yellow beach chair.
glass behind a plate of food.
The wineglass behind the plate of food.
A woman playing tennis in the picture to the right.
A man fixing another man's tie.
A politician helps adjust the tie of a companion.
It is a picture of a brown table with a soda bottle sitting on it.
table to the right.
A man laughs at a table.
A man in a dark blue shirt, laughing.
The woman's costume on the left is black.
a woman with a black squid on her head.
A zebra behind another.
The partially obscured zebra.
The snowboard that the person in the gray jacket is holding.
a white snowboard on the left of a person in blue.
A bottle of green sauce next to a bottle of habanero sauce on a blue table.
green sauce in a bottler with yellow cap.
A smaller elephant walking in front of a larger elephant.
A smaller elephant with a curled truck walking to the right.
the first broccoli on the photo.
A piece of broccoli.
A brown dining chair pulled away from the table.
A wooden chair that is pulled out away from the table.
A blue train.
An old blue train car in a museum.
The horse in the forefront facing sideways.
horse in forest.
An airplane with a propeller.
Plane that you can see all of.
A closed silver laptop.
A closed laptop with lots of stickers.
A bat being held by a player with an A on his uniform.
Two baseball bats held by the two baseball players.
The top right section of broccoli.
The green apple to the left of the banana.
green apple with brown stem next to kale smoothie and banana.
An older jeep is driving through snow on the side of a hill.
A red jeep is parked at a snowy scenic mountain spot.
circle table in front of lady wearing brown and leaning back.
the table in front.
hand in the left side of the image.
The hand holding the iphone and part of the iphone screen.
A left side elephant.
Baby Elephant with his mother elephant.
girl was playing with chaild.
girl.
Woman in a black snow suit skiing down a mountain.
A woman skier in a black snow suit with a red belt.
A toddler with a white shirt and black pants brushing their teeth near another younger toddler.
A Boy brushing with a Blue Brush.
A glass of orange juice.
A glass filled with orange juice next to a glass of water.
A man standing in between a man and a woman and swinging a Wii remote.
A man in the middle playing wii.
A piece of sandwich in the person's hand.
A little girl with flowers on her shirt.
Happy young girl with her right arm extended.
An empty white table next to a small red chair.
A red stool and a small, white table.
baby holding book.
The baby with the book.
Smaller ZONA bus with sloped front end.
a smaller blue bus.
The zebra to the left of the other zebras.
zebra on the left.
the black cat in the middle.
A dark brown cat laying with its owner between two other cats.
The man on the left wearing glasses and touching the black tray.
man in blue with no hat, standing on left.
An undercounter refrigerator with a glass door in a white cabinet.
An oven in a house.
A man holding a birthday cake.
A man holding a birthday cake.
A musician wearing a bow-tie and pink flower on jacket.
a young man in a blue plaid jacket and white hat playing a cello.
A kid wearing a suit.
A young boy wearing a necktie.
A white Ford pickup truck.
white car in the image.
A giraffe to the left of another.
A giraffe standing behind another giraffe.
The back of a man with no shirt and a red headband.
A man's back, and he is wearing a red head band.
A woman bending over to pick something up off a table.
A woman leaning over wearing a white jacket.
A man riding a motorbike.
a man with a white shirt is on his motorcycle.
a man with a blue and green shirt on.
A man wearing grey Dickies playing frisbe.
green bird.
bird on left.
a giraffe with his neck stretched over a rock.
A large giraffe bending her neck over a concrete wall.
Two slices and partial slice of cheese pizza on the right side.
Small and slender piece of plain cheese pizza.
A young boy in a blue and green striped shirt playing Wii.
A little boy in a blue and green striped shirt.
the zebra on the right.
A white wicker chair that a woman who is smoking is sitting in.
A white and gray woven chair with a woman sitting in it.
A smiling young Asian man, dressed all in black, sitting cross legged on a sofa.
A man in a black T shirt and black pants sitting on a red couch below a poster.
a round table in front of the lady.
A green metal table upon which a plastic bottle has been placed.
The vase that is halfway in view with lace around it.
Tallest vase.
the back of a beige chair.
A dining chair with biege cover on which a child in red dress is sitting.
Umbrella man bending over towards window is carrying.
umbrella with intials.
the couch, a lady sitted on it.
A cow grazing that is on the right side.
Two ears on a cow grazing.
A man holding a cell phone.
man with mobile fornt of table.
The black sheep in the white coat.
a sheep with a tag in it ear.
blue suitcase on the bottom.
Blue suitcase with a blue handle.
A long-haired man wearing an orange winter jacket with gloves and a backpack and ski goggles standing on a mountaintop with his mouth open.
a girl with orange.
Two monitors side by side with several items piled on top of them.
The hands of a boy using a macbook pro.
The little boy in front of the larger laptop.
The smaller zebra closest to the fence.
A zebra stands looking straight ahead as another zebra stands beside her, looking off to the side.
An Asian woman in a smaller video frame.
inset picture of woman.
Dog on the front of the surfboard.
A brown dog on the front of the surfboard.
The green apple on the top.
The fruit is in light colour.
a rusted rail car.
The old rusty train.
the mama bear.
A mother bear with two cubs next to a tree.
A very young boy standing in front of a wooden fence.
The boy with the grey shirt.
the grey couch cushions.
the tan sofa cushions.
Partially obscured woman in white looking at a mountain.
woman in white shirt.
Red umbrella, nearest the street, behind a magenta umbrella.
A red umbrella is being held next to a man with a purple umbrella.
A man in blue pants and a red hat.
A man in a blue shirt is holding a baseball bat with a bucket of balls next to him.
A red chair that is being occupied by a man and his laptop.
The chair the man in the white shirt is in.
man sitting on the couch.
The man sitting on the couch.
A girl standing behind a man.
The girl just over the shoulder to the left of the guy in front.
Half of a sandwhich sitting on top of a red container with the top of the bread slightly moved off.
sandwich half closest to hand.
The elephant closest to the camera.
A TEENAGE BOY WEARING WHITE T-SHIRT.
Teenage boy in a white t-shirt playing Wii with an older woman.
girl with blue shirt.
Young girl with short brown hair wearing a blue shirt.
Food on a platter above another.
Vase with green ribbon around it.
Bouquet of carnations with purple flowers in the center above yellow ones.
A STEEL CHAIR A MAN SITTING AND HOLDING HIS LEG IN THE TRAVELLER BAG.
A chair supporting a man in a suit.
the elephant on the right making a big splash.
the elephant with its trunk in the water.
A man in a black and white striped shirt.
A man in a striped shirt.
The car directly behind the men.
White card.
a woman on an elephant.
the woman in blue.
A woman sitting down in a bright red jacket and a winter hat.
A seated woman in red ski coat.
the chair fully tucked under the table.
A dining table chair with its back to the bench.
A man in a red jacket.
A man in a red jacket.
Little girl sitting on the desk.
a young girl.
white color chair with white lady.
A gray wheely chair with a white girl sitting at the computer.
A man in the background eating a burger.
Out of focus shot of man in a blue sweater with a burger and a beer sitting on the table.
A yellow ceramic cup filled with liquid.
A green colored porcelain cup with tea or coffee is on the table is on the image.
A bowl of broccoli in front of a constipated baby.
A big bowl of broccoli pieces.
elephant facing towards the camera.
An elephant facing in a different direction.
A black car that is parked behind the bench.
Convertible black car.
blue chair against the wall.
Part of a blue chair positioned behind another blue chair.
girl.
A child with longer hair and red pants and white sandals.
a girl sitting in the handle of the sofa.
A woman in a blue, long sleeve top and orange shorts sits on the arm of a couch and plays Wii with her two friends.
A TAN HORSE WITH WHITE FACE BEING RIDDEN BY A CHILD.
horse closest to the picture.
A man holding a surfboard.
A man holding a surfboard pointing at the sea.
back of chair against table.
The lighter colored vehicle behind the darker one.
A white car drives down the street.
a couch made of brown fabric and leather sitting in the middle of a room with two striped pillows on it.
A brown leather sofa with fabric cushions.
A young child holding a frisbee.
toddler in striped shirt playing frisbee.
male tennis player hitting ball.
Man in white uniform getting ready to hit a ball while playing tennis.
triangular cut piece near the jam.
Piece of cake sitting in between cupcake and other slice on white plate.
hot dog covered in red ketchup not touching french fries.
Sausage closest to the ketchup cup.
Man in striped shirt playing wii.
guy playing the wii.
A full glass of beer by the chips.
a cup of beer that is next to a plate of chips.
The person with the red sweatshirt to the right.
A man who is standing in front of the two girls.
a pizza with a slice of lemon on top.
a pizza sitting on a table.
a horse blocking another horse walking on the beach with a police officer riding it.
The blue tennis racket.
a blue and white tennis racquet.
A PILLOW KEPT IN THE CHAIR.
A white and gray pillows sitting on a chair in the kitchen.
A woman in a blue bandana catching a frisbee.
woman in red shirt catching a frisbee.
Two men ride in the back seat of a carriage being driven by a motorcycle.
A man in a white shirt sits in the back seat of a motor taxi.
a green snow board.
Some green skis that someone is sitting on.
the zebra on the left in the right hand picture.
A black snowboard beside two other snowboards.
A black snowboard on the left of a white and a blue snowboard.
A person with hands together wearing shoes with black shoelaces.
A person standing wearing jeans.
Pink flowers near a boy.
The plant with pink flowers.
A man in a plaid shirt riding a skateboard.
the skateboarder doing a trick.
The umbrella is light blue.
white umbrella.
boy in white shirt and red tie.
Boy in a dress shirt and tie siting with a girl of similar age.
a white laptop.
laptop keyboard.
The kid wearing blue T-shirt.
a child in a blue shirt playing on a black game controller.
A girl with blond hair in a ponytail.
A girl with a blonde ponytail.
A woman wearing red.
A woman in red.
A boat with a fisherman standing in it.
The boat on the right.
A black sofa with a little boy sitting on it.
A black ottoman being sat on by a little kid.
The man wearing with green shirt.
A man with tight curly here is a green T-shirt on that says I plant trees.
computer monitor above keyboard with white keys.
A monitor closest to the headphones.
The smaller giraffe standing nearest to the tree.
The giraffe behind the one in the front looking to the left.
A sheep laying down.
a lazy lamb lying down.
A zebra eating the grass.
Giraffe whose head is hidden by the feed container.
The green recliner in the middle of the floor.
grey recliner chair.
person in background in purple.
Someone in the background wearing red and blue.
Female standing outside on her phone.
Woman texting.
A food truck serving customers.
A silver food truck with a chalkboard in front of it.
The multi-colored umbrella that the lady is sitting under.
The rainbow umbrella.
A man in a black shirt with a white apron wearing glasses.
person next to white bowl.
the chair behind the man in white.
the zebra on the left.
The zebra on the left.
A man wearing a blue shirt and patterned shorts.
the youngest man in the photo.
the zebra clearly visible in the right hand picture.
cute baby zebra standing next to an adult zebra.
A sandwich cut in half.
a beef sandwich on a plate.
A young boy blowing out candles in brownies.
A boy in a black jacket about to blow out candles on a birthday cake.
brown baseball bat next to black stripe bat.
A dark brown and tan wood grain baseball bat.
The arm and torso of person wearing black sitting at the table.
An arm with a bworn sleeve.
Woman pointing at ice cream.
A woman in a blue shirt with floral print.
A crecent shaped carrot piece.
green truck.
Green Ford Expedition.
A large blue and yellow truck driving down the highway.
A blue and gold truck.
the girl in the black jacket.
Girl with dark hair holding wii remotes in the air.
There is a knife just beside the fork.
A knife on a plate.
Blue cloth in the bottom center of the photo.
a piece of luggage beside a mans foot under a black piece of luggage.
A GIRL WAS PLAYING THE TENNIS WITH BLUE COLOR DRESS.
A focused, woman tennis player in the middle of a match.
An apple between two oranges.
The half of the sandwich with a large bubble hole in the bread.
the left half of the sandwhich.
A man wearing glasses and a beard.
A man with a large beard.
A man and a toddler with birthday hats eating cake.
A man wearing a birthday hat holding his child.
A dish of dipping sauce.
square bowl of brown sauce.
A white bowl with pickles and olives.
the bowls with pickles and olives.
THE BUFFALO IS SLEEPING DEEPLY.
A black cow sleeping.
A white keyboard and mouse in front of a black computer screen.
A white keyboard.
White coffee mug.
a white mug with chocolate.
barstool with laundry basket on it.
stool with clothes hamper on top.
apple slices with snack.
A bunch of chopped apple.
yellow ski board on the man who is standing.
A beige surfboard being carried by a man in a wetsuit.
A Nok Air get with a dark purple fin.
A violet color nokair flight parked at the airport.
adult white sheep.
adult sheep.
the pink bag.
A pink bag attached to the hand of a teddy bear.
A man wearing jean shorts and a green shirt talking on a cellphone while sitting on a grassy field.
a man wearing a green shirt sitting in the grass.
A woman  smaling.
A woman holding a tennis racket.
hoagie.
The larger half of a sandwich.
A man in a black polo.
The man in the black shirt.
woman in dark colored blazer.
A backpack in a chair.
A woman wearing swimming suit with beautiful tatto and long hair.
A women in a blue bikini swimsuit.
chair in the back.
chair at the back of the table.
A silver color helmet person is facing to the camera.
A person wearing a red ski jacket, a silver helmet, and red tinted ski goggles.
a man standing behind some flowers.
An older man wearing a suit with a blue striped tie wearing glasses.
A fighter jet in the center of a group of three jets.
the middle two airplanes.
The glass with the most wine.
The wine glass that has more liquid.
A cup to the left of the other cup.
The bird with his head outside of the frame of the shot.
bird on the right front.
The farther away of the two fire hydrants.
the second pipe from the front side.
A boat with a web address www.jokulsarlon.js.
The boat with the lettering you can read.
One woman shaves the face of another woman without looking.
the person in the back.
The left computer monitor.
the big monitor.
the cow standing on the left.
the cow with her head to the ground.
a man was sitting.
A sitting man in an orange hat.
A parking meter to the left of another parking meter.
A parking meter to the left of another.
A boy wearing a white shirt and blue jeans standing on a skateboard.
A person wearing a white shirt who is riding a skateboard.
The man about to catch the ball.
A baseball player running to base while another player tries to catch the ball to get the player out.
train on the left.
An elephant eating.
An elephant with his tusk curled standing near a pond.
An empty, black ashtray on a table.
cigarette tray.
A great looking pizza.
A man with blue shirt working on the laptop.
A dark-skinned man in a blue shirt using a laptop.
Leg of person in jeand and no skateboard.
A woman holding a wine glass.
A woman with a red dress and white coat who has curly hair.
A white passenger train with a sleek front noes, stopped at the train station.
White bullet train on the platform.
the black suitcase on top of the dark blue suitcase.
black wheeled suitcase sitting on top of larger blue case on luggage cart.
a man wearing an orange shirt.
man in a a orange and black shorts.
A white with gold and black Police motorbike.
The officer's motorcycle.
a tray of broccoli and other vegetables.
meal with broccoli.
A bicycle with a wire basket in front of it.
A white bicycle with a basket in a store window.
A blue motorcycle.
Cyan blue motorcycle.
elephant on left.
elephant whose trunk is fully exposed.
Black bag farthest to the left in the back corner.
The black bag in the back left.
The woman in the photo.
A woman and a man each hold video game remotes.
A MAN IN GLASSES HOLDING A CELL PHONE TAKING A PICTURE.
A balding man in shirt-and-tie taking a photo with an I-phone.
A plate Of stir fried vegetables with tofu on a plate.
A white plate filled with vegetables.
Smallest white cup.
The concrete bench behind a skateboarding man.
White concrete bench that has cracks.
A silver ice cream scoop sitting on a table.
A silver, metallic icecream scooper.
A person holding an umbrella.
the person holding the umbrella.
man facing camera.
Two tennis players about to shake hands.
A tan cat bed, with pink material on the outside.
the cats bed.
The larger zebra in front of the other one.
A zebra standing beside another zebra.
The lighter colored cow.
An animal that is light tan pulling a wagon.
women in hoodie.
the woman pulling her hair in the right hand picture.
A yellow kitten sitting in front of mirrors.
A TIGER STRIPPED CAT LOOKING IN THE MIRROR.
black keyboard.
black laptop keyboard.
A mug with a beverage and whipped cream on top.
The cup with cream on top.
The bus with Giggleswick as the destination.
a bus which can be seen fully.
A dessert that is in focus and includes a scoop of ice cream.
A held piece of donut.
Piece of food in fingers.
woman wearing a north face jacket.
A lady wearing a black shirt and jeans facing a bar.
a white van next  to the red pickup truck.
gray SUV.
Woman with frazzy hair and black long sleeved blouse.
woman in black in front of orange woman.
The bicycle that is leaned against a parking meter.
a bike.
second cow to the left.
The dark brown and white cow furthest from the tree.
Woman in a black jacket holding an umbrella that says Love Rain.
A person wearing a long black jacket and holding an umbrella.
A large jar of dark fluid above a cat's head.
A large container of dark liquid.
A black bike  on the road.
TWO BLACK COLOR BULLET BIKE STANDING THE ROAD.
A darker brown teddy bear in a row of lighter teddy bears.
A stuffed brown teddy bear with a red bow.
Pieces of broccoli and bread on a white plate.
Long pieces of broccoli and pesto.
A young girl wiht long light hair looking down at a game.
A girl with her hair pinned back.
A cowboy in brown duster on horseback.
An elderly man wears a cowboy hat and rides his brown horse.
A boy with a batting helmet up at bat.
The boy swinging the bat.
the dock in front of the people in the right hand picture.
the first platform in the water from the front.
Girl laying on top of a man sleeping.
A woman wearing black laying on top of a man upon a red bed.
white car in the distance.
A white car.
A white police van.
White police van to the left of the crowd.
A man in glasses wearing a white shirt and a white hat.
A man wearing white on a tennis court.
A skimmer bird with an underbite looks at a gull.
A black and white bird with an orange beak, standing in water.
A man is skateboarding through the air.
Outlined by only two strong lights, a skateboarder begins an airborne trick.
The second zebra back.
man in gray t-shirt with bag strapped across him.
The man with the black strap around his shoulder.
A second horse on which a boy is sitting wearing black t-shirt and black cap.
second horse from the right.
The black suitcase on the right.
A Wii game controller with a blue light shining from it.
The black wii remote on the left.
WOMAN BOTTOM RIGHT CORNER.
A woman in the water with a ponytail.
There is reading meter beside the blue pack.
A dark grey parking meter next to a covered up parking meter with a no parking symbol on it.
A giraffe standing tall in the grass.
The tall giraffe on the right, standing straight up.
A man in black shirt and shorts.
the man in the black t-shirt.
adult walking.
the woman walking away wearing a black coat.
A parking meter with graffiti.
close parking meter.
A white vehicle on the street.
The vehicle.
the 2nd guy from the left in the right hand picture.
boy in black shirt, khaki pants, second from the left.
the orange half on the left.
An orange half on the edge of the bowl.
A laptop being held by a woman in a grey sweatshirt.
A black laptop computer with a grey cover.
the pizza with the paper under it.
A small personal pizza sitting on a piece of brown paper.
A man with short black hair surfing.
A man holding himself up on a white surfboard.
A blue, red, and white train at a train station.
train.
The back of the rightmost laptop.
The back side of laptop computer, far right of picture.
A large silver player is sitting on the runway with the blue sky in the background.
airplane closest.
white colour shoppa.
A sofa covered with 2 blankets and has 3 pillows on it.
The two quarters of the pizza that are furthest from the camera.
A ham and pineapple pizza being sliced.
Light blue colored  bus with driver and some passengers are present in the image.
Blue bus behind another blue bus.
A black female dog laying on it's back in the grass.
The dog with its belly facing the camera.
a glass vase on the left side of two others on top of a table.
A crystal vase to the left of two other vases.
lady in a white dress and dark coat.
a black and white photo of a lady standing looking at the photographer.
hand in the right side of the image.
arm holding flip phone.
A off-white Honda car with two surfboards on top.
a white colour car.
A young giraffe standing to the side of an adult giraffe.
A small giraffe in front of a larger giraffe.
man with a vest.
A boy sitting at a desk with a black vest and white shirt.
A very blurry person to the left of two women.
a blurry image of a person with khaki pants and an dark shirt.
A zebra resting on the ground beneath another zebra.
a zebra lying down behind another zebra.
The front water truck.
KAMA3SILVER COLOR   LARI  STANDING THE ROAD.
A white bowl filled with brown food.
A bowl of something brown with sauce and topping sitting next to sushi, broccoli, and seaweed crackers.
A little girl in a pink jacket.
A young girl in pink leggings, a blue skirt, and a pink jacket playing in the grass.
a bench.
low stone bench with four people sitting on it.
pedestal table on the top right corner of the laptop.
a tall table next to a chair covered in a red cloth.
The edge of the bed with the feet on it.
a bed.
The backside of someone bending over in the snow.
The back of a person with another person who is skiing.
a grey and white cow.
Cow that is white and gray.
pizza nearest the silver pot.
The pizza in front of the pot on the stove.
The chair in front of the cat.
The brown chair closest to the cat.
A person holding a black and brown case.
A person running through an open door.
asian man selling bananas in shorts.
A man in hawaiin shorts.
a little girl wearing a red outfit.
The girl in red sweater.
A set of two ovens to the right of a rotisserie.
A closed double oven immediately to the right of a rotisserie oven with a glass door.
A woman sitting in a chair wearing a gray dress and black leggings.
A woman in a grey blouse eating from a plate.
The motorcycle of the man,  with a blue bandanna on his forehead.
A red and white motorcycle pulling a trailer full of dogs.
a glass with a small amount of beer.
a almost empty glass of some sort of orange substance.
The floral chair next to the television.
floral patterned arm chair closest to fireplace.
farmers insurance car.
A white Chevy sedan parked in a parking lot.
Sliced cake on right.
A rectangular piece of a a caked partly cut.
Man looking at his cell phone while wearing a black sweater.
A bald man.
A table top.
A man in a white long sleeve shirt, driving a motorscycle.
a man wearing white colour helmet and shirt.
The skateboarder.
Person skateboarding.
A brown chair behind a red one.
a wooden chair closest to the table.
the white sofa.
white couch with yellow cushions against wall.
Elephant in the opposite side of three other.
A small elephant in the water, climbing out to joins other who aren't.
The piece of toast on top of the other piece of toast.
The half of the sandwich on top.
A woman who is skiing and wearing a green jacket.
A person in a yellow jacket cross country skiing.
small unripe bananas.
Two bunches of bananas.
Catcher's body.
the computer monitor on the far right.
a large computer monitor to the right of several other monitors.
The rear bumper and windshield of a silver SUV.
The back of a silver Honda Fit vehicle.
A red and black beetle parked on the street.
a little red beetle bug car.
group of horses moving.
BROWN AND WHITE HORSE WALKING IN FRONT OF CAR.
Chair on right closest to camera.
the first chair attached to table.
black packpack near girl's boots.
The luggage that is on the floor next to the woman wearing high heeled boots.
green oversized chair that the man with his legs crossed is sitting in.
Back of a large vehicle, is a sign that says Robert in really big letters.
It is the backside of a white box truck that has Roberts Packaging Company on it.
The train that is behind the other.
A yak with large horns and a yellow tag in its ear stands on a brown patch in a lush green field.
A rather furry cow is standing in a meadow and staring at the camera.
A giraff with its neck streched out looking at a snack.
A giraffe right next to a lady holding a carrot.
Young man swinging a bat while playing baseball.
A man in a blue helmet swinging a baseball bat.
A bottle of French champagne cradled in the hands of a man in a black shirt.
A baseball player wearing a black shirt that has the number 3 on the back.
Boy marked with 3 in black shirt.
Woman in a brown hat and a brown sweater.
A woman in a long sleeve shirt and wearing a hat adjusting a scarf.
A BLACK BAG IN THE THIGH OF A LADY WHO HOLDING A GLASS.
The boy with the red shirt.
The child with the maroon shirt on the left.
Man on left holding phone.
A man wearing a striped shirt holding a cell phone.
An orange train in a switchyard.
An orange train.
A small child stands in front of two other children waiting for the train.
A child closest to the yellow line.
a boy in the black t shirt.
The ball player in the black shirt.
A brown horse with a wide white stripe on his face.
older man lounging in a brown chair smoking a cigarette.
A man in a blue and green striped shirt reclining.
black dishwasher.
A black dishwasher.
tallest man in the image.
A woman in a white hat and red jacket cross country skiing.
A white plan in the air doing a turn.
A man with a shaved head and a gold watch.
A man wearing an apron.
Goose standing near to the chick.
A DRINK (BROWN COLOR) IN THE GLASS TUMBLER.
A glass with cool drink is kept next to dessert.
A little boy in pajamas standing on a mattress on the floor.
a boy standing on a mattress.
cup with orange juice.
The glass with orange liquid and a black straw.
table with food.
The table.
the legs of a woman sitting on the floor.
a woman in a grey shirt sitting on the floor.
a blurred plane leaving a red trail.
Green jet flying in the sky with red trail of smoke trailing behind.
The couch on the far left.
A red leather chair next to an end table with a box of tissues on it.
a man about to bat.
A baseball player on a baseball field preparing to hit the ball.
A small ostrich/emu next to a bigger ostrich/emu.
A young boy in a red shirt and khaki pants.
A little boy with red T-shirt is in a party.
man to the main persons left.
A MAN STANDDING POSITION AND HOLDING THE CHAIN WITH HIP.
A person wearing tan pants with keys hanging out of the pocket and beige boots.
A big horse behind a man and a smaller horse.
this is a grown up horse behind the man.
A person in a green shirt that is using a fork and knife to eat.
The pants of the man cutting the food.
A black bench being leaned on by a woman.
The back of the smaller bench where the man's hand is.
A heavily decorated bicycle.
the bike that looks like it's made out of bush.
The sandwich in front beside the fries.
A boy in a shirt.
Young boy playing croquet with his parents and friends.
The most left chair seated at the round. It faces the wall that has a clock in the corner that it shares with the wall that has the stained glass window in it.
a chir was on room.
A birch wood chair with a tan mat.
man with glasses and striped sweater holding a glass of wine.
man in black t-shirt holding a wine glass.
A small Giraffe getting nudged by a bigger Giraffe.
A giraffe standing behind another giraffe lying down.
A white umbrella is next to a red and white umbrella.
White, opened umbrella with designs sitting on a table.
man in black shorts.
The player with black shorts.
The baby zebra stands close to his mom.
a baby zebra.
woman in black dress.
a woman with earphones.
A baseball player jumping.
A player in blue socks.
A brown Dachshund lying down on a bed next to another black dog.
The light brown dog to the right of the other dog.
A woman with one arm on a hip wearing a teal and gold shirt.
picture of woman with only one hand on her hip.
tv remote in forefront.
The front most remote.
A sheep standing behind another sheep in a field.
A sheep with white markings on its black face standing behind another sheep.
A hot dog on a white and blue plate.
the baby eating the apple.
blonde haired baby holding a fork.
The brown horse that has a police officer on it that is just behind the white horse.
the brown horse behind the white one.
The baseball pitcher who is getting ready to throw the ball and has his arm raised in the air.
The pitcher on the mound.
A zebra leaning down in an enclosure to graze.
An adult zebra eating off the ground from right next to a fence.
A chair that the woman in the middle is sitting in.
the black back of a chair a woman is sitting in.
A bathtub.
the bathtub on the left side of the toilet.
bike on right.
A brown and motorcycle with helmet on the ground.
A pot holding a green plant with no flowers behind and above a pot with yellow flowers.
A tan pot of flowers has yet to bloom.
A giraffe.
A giraffe by a tree faces towards the left.
an antique green truck.
A dark green, rusty truck.
the umpire behind the plate.
umpire wearing blue.
A person being hugged by an old man.
The lady on the bench has a brown purse.
A large computer screen near another small display.
Computer screen to right with several desktop icons.
The cow that is farthest left of the two.
A brown cow with a small white spot on the top of it's head and around it's nose, looking straight ahead.
A person with a black water suit looking forward.
A man whose head is shaved.
A small bunch of red and yellow apples.
Two apples sitting on the table with fruits.
A man in a red sweater holding onto a wii controller.
the man in red shirt, sitting on black stool.
The giraffe getting petted by the man.
a giraffe leaning over a fence.
Rollers on an office chair.
The base and wheels of a rolling chair.
Chair nearest to the camera.
CHAIR ON RIGHT CLOSEST TO SCREEN IMAGE.
The cow furthest to the right.
An animal with horns facing the left.
man holding baby wearing a hat.
A man holding a baby with a baseball cap.
A woman with a black top and blue jeans is holding a bottle.
the girl in the black shirt.
The bicycle was in orange colour.
An orange bicycle rode by a young man.
A child in a green shirt on a scooter with two other children.
A child in a green shirt sitting on a motorcycle.
Asian woman in the rain with her checkered umbrella.
A person holding an umbrella in the rain.
A woman's hair and shirt.
the back of a oerson's head.
A white fridge with an ice maker.
The freezer section of a refridgerator.
Man on the right with a cigar.
The man in the black suit and red tie with a cigar in his mouth.
the girl in the teal jacket.
A girl in white reads a paper.
The pizza between the other two plates of pizza with red sauce.
The plate of pizza with red vegetables on the pizza.
Front wheel of the bike that's not fully in the photo.
the tire of a partially visible bike on the right in the right hand picture.
the back of a man's body wearing a white dress shirt and black vest while combing his hair.
the man on the left with his hands in the air.
A man in a blue sirt about to eat lunch.
A young man wearing a blue shirt with yellow stripes holding a sandwich in foil paper.
A giraffe standing under a grass umbrella.
the center giraffe in the right hand picture.
a woman with a purse and striped shirt.
A lady wearing striped Tshirt and hanging a hand bag in her shoulder.
White pickup truck bed.
The back of a white pick up truck with a trailer hitched to it.
A baby elephant looking at a larger elephant.
A baby elephant eagerly reaches for its mother.
A white beach slider with yellow border.
The half of the board on the far right.
ivy growing on top of the wooden cabinet.
GREEN IVY PLANT GROWING DOWN SIDES OF FURNITURE.
A business man with a brief case walking on the sidewalk.
Man in grey suit carrying a briefcase through open area.
The bus which is fully visible with lights on.
A white bus next to another bus.
A 3 oranges.
The Three large oranges on the same side.
Tan colored bicycle being ridden by a woman using a phone.
The bicycle the woman is riding.
A pink glass vase with water and a flower on a white table.
a pink vase with pink flowers is on a white table with a blue and white vase, both also with pink flowers.
sandwhich behind another sandwhich.
Woman wearing yellow bandana.
a woman with a white shirt on.
The skier who is not pulling the sled but is leaning over and looking in the carrier.
the skier on the left looking down.
The giraffe in the back.
A giraffe next to the door.
A yellow bus with a white roof going down the street and has two men just in front of it.
Yellow bus.
the table the chick is eating the pizza off of.
A marble table with food on it.
Bus number 1235.
The red an white bus in between two other buses.
A person with a blue backpack riding a horse.
A woman with a green bag riding a brown horse.
A red sofa by a television.
A couch by a person crouching.
the skateboarder in the middle.
THE MIDDLEMAN IS FALLING DOWN.
A ZEBRA TURNED OPPOSITE SIDE FROM THE CAMERA.
A zebra resting it's head on another zebra's back.
a zebra standing in front of a group of water bison.
A zebra standing up in front of a herd of buffalo.
A man and a child using a powertool.
A man wearing jeans working on a stove.
cat sitting near the window looking at camera.
A cat sitting in tall grass.
The black dog is laying on the bed away from the other dog.
A sleeping black dog ontop of a comforter, sleeping next to another dog.
yellow surfboard with red stain on it.
The board held by the man with the blue quicksilver logo.
The fighter plane with a W on the side.
Broken image.
the cow in the middle of the picture.
cow in the foreground.
man holding rifle with cigarette in mouth.
A man with a moustache and cigarette in his mouth.
A teenage boy eating lunch in a black chair.
a boy is sitting on the chair and eating food.
A woman's arm holding a purse.
A red cross surfboard.
A red surfboard with a white cross on it.
A large yacht or ship in the back of a skate board ramp.
cruise ship.
Two orange slices.
2 slices of orange.
Leather couch covered in a throw with pillows on the end.
couch against wall on the left.
A black purse.
the purse of the woman wearing pearl earrings.
A zebra that is on the top of another zebra who is running away.
a zebra is climbing on top of another zebra in the forest.
Two blue shirts hanging on back of bar stool.
A grey sweater and a light blue jacket are draped over the back of a chair.
A man with glasses in a blue shirt and red tie.
A man wearing a red tie.
smaller horse in the back.
Rear brown horse with white markings on face.
brownie with white top.
A piece of chocolate cake with white frosting and toppings on it.
smaller elephant.
The back end and tail of a small sized elephant.
A person with black pants.
A picture of legs that are strapped to a snow board standing next to a woman sitting.
A bucket full of cheese sticks and sauce.
basket for food to the right of the beer mug.
A baseball player stretching to catch a ball at first base.
A baseball player in a black jersey catching a ball.
A black delivery truck is parked directly behind a red sign.
black truck coming behind the white car in same lane.
boy playing tennis with white shirt.
girl who just hit tennis ball.
The brown chicken in front of more chickens.
A brown chicken in a barnyard is looking at the camera suspiciously.
Hands of a man working with a wrist watch on left hand.
man wearing a watch and ring working on a laptop computer.
Catcher behind person batting.
a bottle of wine being uncorked at a wicker table.
One bottle of with liquor opening by one gentleman.
A MAN WEARING CHECKED BLAZER STANDING WITH HER COLLEAGUE.
A man in plaid is wearing a fedora.
A reflection of a asian man in a mirror squatting.
the man sitting behind to catch the ball.
the woman with a white package in her left hand.
A woman in the middle between two women.
A man in a baseball cap, green shirt, and jeans gesturing.
man standing at end of table wearing green shirt and ball cap.
The manager is standing behind fence on the side.
the guy with the blue hat in the right hand picture.
A man with red hair, brown hat, tye-die shirt, jeans, and white tenis shoes holding a freesby.
A red haired boy sitting down.
A second banana is shown with full sticker.
The second brown banana from the left.
blue clock in the right hand picture.
Round clock with blue decoration around it in the picture to the right.
utensils with wooden handles are on a white napkin.
The fork that is touching the green and blue plate.
A human sitting a table and holding a fork.
A man in grey holding a fork.
A dark brown chair situated under a brown desk.
A dark brown office chair pushed under a table.
The red kite in the middle.
A red kite that is in between two other red kites.
The chair the bigger girl is in.
Chair with red headed girl sitting in it.
the man behind the girl wearing a white hat.
a man in the background holding water bottles.
A red and yellow train on the tracks at a subway station.
A red and yellow train on tracks.
Pig doll placed on table between two boys.
A STUFFED COW TOY SITTING ON A CHAIR BY THE CHILDREN.
Woman wearing red shirt, cutting a cake.
A woman cutting a piece of cake.
the back of a man wearing plaid.
the back of a man in a plaid shirt.
A dinner table.
A red stained mahogany table and a matching chair sit in the corner of the room.
White car ahead of silver car.
A grey car with a red tail light.
The bag over the shoulder of the woman holding a star shaped cookie.
A seafoam green tote bag.
A snowboarder wearing a red jacket.
This is a snowboarder in a red jacket.
A pizza pie is right behind a blue dish.
A pizza on the table with others next to a blue hat.
The black bag with a white horizontal stripe.
The black bag with the white stripe.
A partially shown brown diamond patterned chair.
The chair with no one in it.
There is black tea in the white cup on the table.
The white mug contains dark coffee which is next to the seasoning shaker.
large white emergency truck.
A large white truck in front of the person.
A woman in a red shirt sitting on the floor.
woman with bindi and sari.
elephant with a guide only and a chair walking in front.
The smaller elephant that does not have anyone riding in the basket.
The wine glass on the left.
An almost empty glass of wine next to another being filled.
A man wearing a dark colored shirt.
A man in a black shirt.
the frosting of the cake on the side.
STACK OF PINWHEEL SHAPED DESSERT.
A boy looking at a pizza.
The person who is partially covered by the yellow fruit in the picture.
blurry closed black backpack next to an open clear one.
the backpack next to the backpack that is open.
A woman with long blonde hair walks onto a red bus.
A hippie girl in a halter getting on a bus.
zebra to the left of other zebra.
Brown vase that looks like a pineapple.
A pineapple-shaped vase filled with wilting pink roses.
A red car in a parking lot near a school bus.
red suv behind the yellow bus.
The glass goblet in front of the other is clear and white.
glass of water in table.
a black man talking to a police officer.
A man getting his picture taken by another man.
a man in a blue suit with one foot on a skateboard.
The man standing on a skateboard.
a brown leather couch in a livingroom.
Brown couch with dog laying on it.
A man in a golf hat, a leather coat, and a black checkered scarf stands holding a smartphone and a coffee.
man on left.
A double decker bus with an ad for les misrables on the side.
A blue orange and white double-decker bus with the sign on its side that says advertisement for a musical.
person on bottom right.
A woman standing next to a man in a suit.
An older lady sitting on a chair with her hands fold.
A woman sitting down facing the TV.
The skis of the man in yellow jacket.
Both skis the man with the light green jacket has on his feet.
a notebook under a laptop.
a book underneath a laptop.
The young man is taking photo who is stting in the chair with his boy.
a man holding a camera.
A plant under the fruit.
the green plant that's closest to the ground under the tables.
The person standing extreem left.
A woman wearing fishnet stockings with a big tattoo.
Woman wearing a black and white flowered dress.
a women hand in the palat.
The urinal closest to the corner.
A dirty urinal next to a window.
A guy in an orange safety vest.
The person wearing an orange and yellow vest.
A child wearing an orange helmet.
A picture of a child on a mo pad wearing an orange shirt and shorts with two others adults and another child.
A toddler in yellow eating cake.
Child in high chair.
the dark green vegetables, bottom right.
The lettuce next to the squash and that is darker than the other lettuce.
A PHOTO OF A WOMAN SITTING WITH HER FRIEND.
The girl with straight hair looks into the camera.
Skis the person is riding on on top of the wall.
computer monitor to the right of another one.
monitor right side.
a slize of cake.
a cake peace on the plate.
The couch to the left next to the white wall.
A couch with three pillows.
the white toliet.
The white toilet including bowl, seat and raised lid.
The bed closest to the wall.
A twin sized lime green bed on the left side of the room and to the left of the larger bed.
A man in a blue shirt lying on a sofa.
A man laying down on the couch with a drink in his hand.
adult arm reaching down towards a baby.
A hand reaching down to receive something from the baby.
Half sandwich on top.
A half sandwich is on top of the other half of the sandwich.
White chair that blonde woman with black shirt is sitting on.
The white chair that has a woman sitting in it.
A person in black holding a piece of pizza.
Little girl with white shirt and striped pajamas.
A sleeping little girl with stripped pajamas.
A dog jumping in the air.
A dog jumping to catch a frisbee.
The airplane on the runway.
It is a picture of a white plane on a runway that appears to be taking off.
the snowboard under the man's arms on the left side.
The snowboard the man in the grey hat is holding.
A person in a skis in the snow.
The back of a man standing on skis.
A man wearing a red, long-sleeved shirt.
A man in red.
Broccoli floret in the middle front of the dish.
girl on bench in a short dress.
A girl wearing a whilte dress looking at the lady next to her.
A boy wearing all black.
A boy with a black sweatshirt playing video games.
A man chugging a beer.
A man drinking beer.
A polka dotted tie.
The purple tie with circles on it.
microwave door open.
The inside of the microwave.
woman in a green shirt sitting on a couch.
A woman in a green shirt sitting on a couch.
A groom holding his bride's hand.
A groom walking with the bride.
A mans shoulder wearing a blue jacket speaking with a woman with a teal umbrella.
The train that is in the lead.
The train with the red engine.
A man is looking at somewhere with a banana in his hand.
a man behind some leaves holding a banana to his mouth.
A person serving a piece of cake.
A large cake being sliced.
the zebra in the middle facing the camera.
A zebra third from the left.
man holding the pepsi.
person holding pepsi.
Person wearing white tank top.
a woman in a white tank top.
A predominantly green skate board in midair having been jumped off of a ramp.
Green and tan skateboard white four wheel in the air with a skateboarder.
The horse facing the camera on the left.
A brown and white horse with a white stripe from top to bottom on its head.
A zebra eating from a trough with 2 other zebras.
The zebra to the right.
two books behind the laptop.
Two books stacked up on eachother about advanced enineering.
closest cat.
a cat with his head turned away.
Ikea magazine placed beside a flower vase.
The rightmost half of the front-cover of an IKEA catalog.
A blue felt chair in a class room.
a purple chair in a classroom.
A little boy is along side multiple people.
A boy in khaki pants holding a bag of Doritos.
White cup.
a cutout of a bird that is patterned with clouds.
Blue color paper bird flying after cutting from board.
A sheep grazes on grass behind another sheep grazing on grass.
A mostly white sheep grazes to the left of a mostly brown sheep.
A giraffe looking away.
The giraffe facing the tree.
The giraffe behind a another giraffe.
the giraffe leaning into the hut whose head isn't visisble.
A dark brown teddy bear.
A dark brown bear.
slice of cheese cake with sauce on top and sides.
A cake having red color sauce.
the older man on the bench.
A man sitting on a bench checking his smartphone.
a large elephant is a mother to a smaller elephant.
The biggest elephant.
An oven baked artisan pizza with mushrooms and feta cheese.
A pizza with black toppings behind another pizza.
The orange with the blue sticker.
An orange with a blue sticker.
woman in between two men.
a woman sitting at a table behind a man in glasses.
The stainless steel counter behind the woman holds the food.
A young man skateboards down a bike rail leaning on some stairs.
A short haired boy skateboarding on a railing.
A metal utensil under an orange utensil and next to a peeler.
A floret of a cauliflower like vegetable which is a little bit higher than the other floret.
the oven door.
red Budweiser truck.
A red truck with Budweiser written on the side of it.
leftmost zebra.
a zebra bending over to eat some grass.
Chinese woman with black hair playing with her fingers looking of the screen.
A woman in black looks at a woman in a white shirt.
A man wearing a hat which is covered in buttons.
A man sitting on a blue bench talking on a cell phone.
WESTERN TOILET.
The toilet with the plastic lid.
skater on right, wearing white.
A man with a white shirt and blue jeans holding a skateboard.
Pirate ship kite with several skull flags.
ship kite.
A surgeon in a purple cap assists a surgeon in a blue cap.
surgeon on right in the right hand picture.
The vehicle that is all white.
The tour vehicle to the left of the vehicle called columbia icefield.
chair bottom right corner.
A chair in right corner of the photo.
table in foreground set with utensils and condiments.
Pieces of an apple.
All the apple slices.
The carpet on the floor is brown.
table closest to the viewer.
A front of a white delivery truck on the road.
A sideview of a large truck.
The small sized finger bowl that is just to the right of the broccoli, and to the upper right hand side of the plate that has rice and an eggroll on it. The small bowl has little pieces of scallions in it.
A white bowl with black sauce in it.
A white cup with handle.
A coffee cup near the teddy's cookies.
A giraffe standing in the middle of two other giraffes.
A giraffe in the middle of two other griaffes.
A table full of food trays at which officers are seated.
The banana on the far right.
the first bottom banana in the right hand picture.
a woman on a boat.
person in red with hat.
The leaves of kale that are closest to the bowls of vegetables.
That is a green leafy vegetable maybe lettuce or something else.
Plastic container that has the green grapes.
A plastic bowl which contain grapes.
chair under the man in blue shirt.
The chair is holding the African American man as he rests.
Plantain that is touching an apple slice without a sticker on it.
The banana by the knife.
A black and white umbrella with an MU logo being held by a young woman in a tank top carrying a white purse, walking next to three other people.
A black and white umbrella.
A red and yellow bus with an ad on the side.
The large colorful bus that has a large ice cream on the side of it.
Man's arm next to a wooden object.
A hairy body part next to or under a piece of wood.
A light red beach umbrella.
red motorcycle attached to cart.
The front of the red scooter, not the cart.
The woman in the red shirt and white sweater.
Woman wearing a red shirt.
woman wearing a white jacket.
A woman in a white jacket next to two people.
This picture shows a ferry boat transporting people.
a white tourist ship.
A red truck turning to the left.
A red fire services truck.
Lead elephant covered in fabric while carrying tourists.
The woman wearing a skirt talking on a phone while walking down a street.
A woman walking and talking on the phone.
The motorcycle facing us with the red trip under the headlight.
A motorcycle that's red and black, leaning on it's kickstand.
A zebra to the right of another zebra.
A zebra standing to the right of another zebra in a field.
A person wearing a reindeer mask.
A person wearing a deer mask.
Giant pizza in middle of table.
Half of a huge pepperoni and cheese pizza on a metal pan.
a hand holding a stuffed animal.
a hand holding a light brown teddy bear wearing a red rain coat.
The chair closest to the white haired woman.
Right leg of person closest to little white dog.
pink nose cow.
a cow with a white nose.
woman.
blonde woman with backpack and scarf.
The man on the far right, facing the camera.
The man with the buzzed head looking at the camera.
The back of train that has red, green and white compartments.
This is the train on the far left.
A striped blue chair placed to the side of a fireplace without a wall decoration above it.
striped chair on the left of the fireplace.
A black blanket sitting under a large cake.
train on the left.
The train to the left of the 102047 train.
The animal in the back, with its head farther forward than the other animal.
An older person holding onto a young childs forearm.
A person holding the boy hand near the bird.
A small nemesis aeroplane upside down.
A white airplane in front of a yellow jet engine.
A square black box sitting on top of the back of a motorcycle.
A black box.
The little girl sitting on the bed with the striped shirt.
girl wearing pink shirt and jeans sits on a bed next to a desk.
A lamb in side profile in a green field next to another lamb and a large sheep.
A young sheep standing up.
two red apples next to a bird.
Two red apples.
A black man in a army uniform.
black man on left side of the group.
A man sitting on a green sofa.
a man.
An older man holding a bike.
a man in a black jacket holding the handles of his bike.
The umbrella the person in the pink hat is holding.
light blue umbrella bottom left.
The back of the white van.
white van on left.
a hotdog with a brown gravy.
top part of the garlic toast that came with the meal.
A pattern chair with wooden arms arranged next to a fireplace.
patterned arm chair with foot stool.
A man wearing all black with a snowboard on his back.
A man skiing in a black shirt and black hat with a yellow logo on his shirt.
A man in red, yellow, and black trunks with a kid in black trunks.
A man wearing red swim trunks who is pushing a child on a surfboard.
Both the older man and the baby, who are taking the picture with the cell phone.
both people.
Guy with huge brown eyes.
A MAN IS POSING FOR PHOTO.
bottle of 14 Hands wine.
A bottle of wine that says 14 hands and has a purple horse on it.
A woman with brown hair grasping a pitcher.
A beautiful lady with white apron and black slip-ons taking cooking instructions from her mother.
BOY SAW ELIPHANTS.
A male child with a red hat and orange shirt standing in front of a woman watching some elephants.
A surfboard to the right of another surfboard.
A worn surfboard to the right of another surfboard.
A black and brown dog laying on the bed.
black dog sitting on bed.
The girl in the middle looking at her phone carrying a coach purse.
an Asian woman in black outfit, looking at her phone.
water glass on far right.
a glass filled with an amber colored liquid to the right of an area of condiments.
A tie that has a diamond pattern on it.
A blue striped neck tie.
A sheep being attacked by a dog.
A small sheep which is being chased by a dog.
Motorcycle wheelie.
A motorcycle.
A white colored police car white lights on its head running in a road. It has "POLICE" written on it.
Police car patrolling on the road and checking.
a person ride the bike.
Man on a motorcycle that is turning left.
A bigger zebra eating in a field.
A larger is zebra is standing to the right of the smaller zebra.
The man in the dark with a camera.
The reflection of the man taking the photo.
A bowl of rice on a table.
A bowl of food sits next to a plate and a liquid container on a table.
A man's hands picking broccoli from a garden.
A white arm. with a black shirt and brown jacket on.
A girl standing behind and in-between two other girls.
The dark haired girl who is wearing a grey shirt with a red collar.
Cup with the coffee mark running down the side.
A white mug next to a plate of food.
The bench the bird is walking under.
A man with glasses and beard smiling at the camera.
a man wearing white colour shirt.
The right side door of the fridge.
Door without ice maker on refridgerator.
arm chair with wooden arms furthest from camera.
a chair with wooden arms furthest away from us.
The table with lunch on it.
The baseball player making the motion of being safe in baseball.
A referee officiating a baseball game.
A city transit bus that is driving to the left in between two other buses.
A bus heading to the left.
A person with a white shirt and black jacket, wearing a red and white scarf.
duck with head turned in background.
A brown and tan duck swimming to the left of another duck.
an old airplane.
A two-propeller, white and red plane inside a hangar.
A pink bike,.
The red bike on the right.
Little girl on a bench playing on her laptop.
Young girl wearing a black vest sitting on a wooden box typing on a green laptop.
A stainless steel stove is below another stainless steel stove.
The zebra that is standing farthest away.
A zebra which is grazing behind a tiny one.
A white bowl filled with cooked rice.
White fluffy rice is a good compliment to the stir fry.
the second bottle from the left side of the image.
The wine bottle second from the left.
A small dark brown horse that is standing to the right of a tan horse.
The horse is in dark colour.
the skiis of the red sweater girl.
sandwitch which is behind.
A woman playing tennis.
A girl in a black tank top playing hitting the tennis ball with the racket.
arm with white sweater on.
White pants by the remote control.
Person that is about to catch the frisbee.
A man in a white shirt and black shorts about to catch a frisbee.
A wooden bench.
A table leaning against a white wall.
The close up of a section of pizza crust.
A man wearing a grey jacket who has green eyes and an apple on his head.
A silly-faced guy without glasses and an apple on his head.
Large yellow double decker bus.
The big yellow double decker bus.
A bed that's behind another bed.
A boy swings his bat at a baseball pitch.
a boy playing baseball blueshirt.
A goat is standing and looking back towards the camera.
the goat that is standing.
A small propeller plane with the letters 'D-MVFR' written on the side.
A small, white and blue propeller airplane.
A Coca Cola Refrgiterator.
a coke machine sitting to the left of an atm.
The laptop being used by the woman.
laptop that the lady in the red dress is working on.
A boy in a Mt. Zion shirt sits on a couch.
Boy in white shirt sitting on left side of couch.
A giraffe that is standing up against a wooden fence, to the left of another giraffe.
A giraffe next to a fence.
The red handle of a spoon in a bowl.
Utensil with a red handle.
A flower arrangement next to the groom at a wedding.
Pizza to the left of glass plate.
the front cheese pizza and a row of three pizzas.
A black tennis racket with a grey handle propped up against a bench next to another racket.
A black tennis racket beside a blue racket.
little girl touching elephant's trunk.
Baby touching the Elephant.
Woman body surfing.
a woman in a blue bikini.
woman in grey sweatshirt and blue pants.
A woman in white sneakers, blue athletic pants, and a sweatshirt with a tennis racquet reaching out to hit a tennis ball.
the gray leg on the right.
A brief glimpse of someone's clothes.
The couch behind the man in the green.
A plaid couch.
The woman in the blue oxford shirt who is kneeling and slicing something.
A woman in a blue shirt.
Black coat sitting on the back of a chair.
A chair with a black jacket over the back.
The black cat sitting higher than the gray cat on the chair.
Black cat.
a man in a dark business suit wearing a striped tie walking beside a train.
Man standing next to the tram in a nice suit and tie.
A yellow lemon sitting next to bananas.
A beautiful yellow lemon sitting on top of a bunch of bananas.
the little kid in yellow who plays tennis.
a kid  with a camo hat on.
A black male in shorts talking on a cell phone.
a man in a dark colored shirt smoking.
Black dog to the left of the other dogs.
BLUE COLORED BIKE WITH LEFT AND RIGHT STANDING BIKES.
The bike with the light blue fender.
The finger sandwich between the white spoons in front.
a grey airplane tail.
The tail end of an airplane in the foreground.
The donut sitting the closest to the cup.
a donut with peanut butter.
Man in black jersey and shorts, getting ready to catch a frisbee.
A guy in a number five jersey about to catch a frisbee.
A girl with a ponytail playing on her cell phone.
a woman in a red shirt with her hair pulled back looking at a phone.
The man with no shirt.
Middle aged white tourist sitting on a bench next to a statue of a black man who is holding a black and white puppy.
A kid with the tie tied on his head and starring at his dad.
The boy with the tie on his head.
Man wearing black pants and grey pants standing behind tennis player and tennis player bottom right of picture.
Man wearing a black hat and khakis.
Man in red shirt holding a white remote control.
A man wearing a red shirt holding up a wii remote to the tv.
Asian woman sitting on a scooter with several gold chains on.
A young woman on a Honda scooter.
Two seat cushioned brown couch facing the camera.
A two seated brown sofa in the hall.
A person with a yellow vest and a camo hat on.
A man with army hat and green vest on.
An external keyboard in front of a laptop.
I see a picture of a keyboard.
a baking sheet covered in foil on a stove.
a pan on a stove.
Yellow airplane with people about to board it.
A bright yellow plane with people standing next to it.
A white bathtub.
A bathtub.
The cat on its back.
An orange cat that has its mouth open and is upside down, swatting another orange cat.
The longest wood skis in the scene being carried.
the long skis the man on the right is holding.
A green bus parked next to a red bus.
A dark green double decker tour bus parked next to another bus.
A brown sofa in a sitting room next to table lamps and coffee table and a T.V. on a wooden stand.
couch.
A military man kneeling by a toilet.
The man on the floor looking up.
a man wearing a red shirt holding a large bunch of bananas.
A man in a wine colored shirt holds a large bunch of bananas.
A man with a white shrit and black/blue tie on sitting at a table beside two guys.
A man wearing white shirt and a tie sit on a chair near  the dinning table.
a sandwich between two other sandwiches.
the middle noodle subways.
A man wearing a black rashguard on a beach, sitting on a concrete object, with his hands on his thighs.
man in wet suit beside surfboard.
Sliced apples in a silver strainer.
Diced fruit in a colander.
stool that is behind boy and to the left.
a tall wooden chair between two matching ones.
A chair on the right side of the clock.
wooden armchair with striped cushion to the right of the table clock.
Ostrich on left standing in front of giraffe.
the ostrich on the left.
A lady in brown with glasses and a controller.
A smiling woman is holding a video game controller.
the person on the left in the right hand picture.
A man with a sleeveless shirt standing next to a man with a coat on.
Baked chicken in a tin container that also has broccoli.
Meat and vegetables in a silver cooking pot.
A girl in a blue shirt.
Man sitting in a shopping cart screaming.
a man in a red and white uniform playing baseball.
A baseball player holding a bat.
The chair next to the trashcan.
The wooden chair with the blue cushion on it that is in front of the trash can and the rug space directly under the chair.
A girl dancing in a yellow shit and polka dot skirt.
A young girl standing on a chair helping to make pizza.
Little blonde girl in pink shorts and a white shirt putting cheese on a pizza.
a man in a black t shirt playing wii.
A man in a black shirt holding Wii controllers.
slice of pizza closest to front.
Plant on the right of the sofa.
A green tall palm tree with a white square vase.
A young girl with a barrette in her hair sitting on a bench in a dress.
The lady next to the lady with the umbrella.
The bench closer to the garbage can.
Two benches that are close to a trash can.
The woman looks happy posing for the camera.
A woman in blue dress poses for a picture.
Black laptop farthest away.
the laptop in the background.
gray couch with a blue blanket on the arm and long, round pillow on the cushions.
A couch with a blanket draped over the arm and a cylindrical pillow sitting in the center of it.
A large wooden bench in the foreground of the picture with another wooden bench in the background.
cut out log closest to camera.
A black duffelbag sitting on a brown tile floor.
A black carry bag laying in front of two women's luggage.
A green chair near a bowl full of oranges.
the chair behind the oranges in the right hand picture.
man playing in sea waves.
a man surfing.
Maroon back of a car.
Back of red car on the right.
A woman with blonde hair and black pants holding a tray with orange cups.
Woman on the left with grey undershirt and blond hair.
The furthestmost left of a pair of snow covered parking meters.
Snow covered parking meter during a blizzard.
A tan horse.
brown horse closest to the camera.
Pushing off with left foot.
a person with with shorts.
a man in blue jeans and black jacket sitting under a tree.
A man leaning up against a tree, sitting on a green object.
man.
The man in the suit and glasses.
A chocolate donut sitting on a tray next to 2 other donuts.
a brown coloured round shaped food item placed on the table.
lawn chair next to person sitting down.
orange on the bottom.
The white and light blue boat on the right.
A white and blue sail boat parked at the dock.
The half of the sandwhich nearest the utensils.
Half a flat bread sandwich closest to fork, knife and napkin.
a truck carrying a house.
the truck hauling a house in the right hand picture.
A man wearing a yellow hoodie and blue hat on some skis.
A man wearing a blue hat.
A surfboard lays in front of a girl in a hat.
A surfboard that is closest to a woman in a green hat.
woman in stripped shirt.
A young woman on the edge of the photo in a striped sweater and skirt.
A woman in navy blue watching a horse.
the lady in dark blue to the left of the horse.
Two zebras forage with heads down in tall grass.
the middle zebra in a group of three zebras.
A small elephant in between two other elephants.
A baby elephant stands between two adult elephants.
The bear cub that is half hidden by the adult bear.
Baby bear partly blocked by adult bear.
Person on right with hat.
A large woman with a small blue back pack a red shirt and black pants.
The person with the blue back pack.
A white and red jetliner.
A large jet-plane.
the guy drinking out of a red cup.
The person drinking from the cup.
green train.
TRAIN ENGINE BLACK AND GREEN COLOR DRIVING THE TRAIN IN WOMEN.
The light chocolate dog, sitting in front of the man.
A brown dog sits at the feet of a man.
A stripe and floral patterned armchair between two other chairs.
A burgundy, green and yellow chair.
A child in a green sweatshirt with a toothbrush in his mouth.
A boy wearing a green shirt holds a tooth brush in his mouth.
A white clock.
A white clock on a diamond shaped wallpaper.
This is the tail of a dog next to a black and white dog.
The tail of a dog lying in the grass.
On a table a white cup is place with coffee and hearten shape is decorated.
The white full coffee cup.
The black and white cow standing on the hay.
The black and white cow.
Red double decker bus.
Red double decker bus on a street.
the white and black chair in the right corner in the right hand picture.
A sofa in front of a table with a small black and gold bowl.
A smiling man wearing glasses and a red, white, and blue shirt.
guy in plaid.
the man catching the ball on home base.
catcher and umpire.
A container of ketchup next to donuts.
A red sauce in a white bowl next to a white sauce.
An umpire with black pants and a red shirt.
A man in a red shirt standing.
A man with glasses wearing a blue jacket and brown pants, looking to the side.
A hatless man with glasses, brown pants, and a blue jacket.
Dark chair being sat on by a man.
An armchair.
The empty wooden chair on the small wall to the right.
A brown wooden chair with a white and red seat cover.
A father and song sitting on a bike.
A man riding a scooter wearing a blue helmet with a child in front of him wearing an orange helmet.
A black sheep with some White fur heading to go under the sign.
Sheep with white wool.
Photographer kneeling.
A person kneeling and out of focus on the side of the frame.
A tennis racket held by a man proferring it to a prospective player who is stretching.
A tennis racket that is being handed to someone.
The person holding the camera.
The man in black, holding a camera.
The bagging loading belt behind the engine.
The loading truck whose front is hidden by the turbine.
A man in a buttoned up shirt holding a video game controller.
A man bending over playing Wii.
White bike parked ahead of a red bike and a silver bike.
white bike on left.
a woman in long pants standing in front of the coolers.
Girl in high heels standing in checkered shirt looking at wine.
Beige chair on the right side of the table.
Fully visible chair at table.
a man with black coloured dress is holding a bottle.
a man in a tank top holding a cup.
A pepperoni pizza near the man in the striped shirt.
A pepperoni pizza.
ZEBRA  STANDING POSITION AND DOWN THE HEAD.
A zebra searching the food in the ground.
The orange piece of fruit that is blurred out in the background.
Florets a brocollie that at the left.
a pile of broccoli chopped into small pieces.
A white reclining chair.
A light gray reclining suede seat.
A young black man in a dark blue striped shirt and khaki pants with a lanyard around his neck.
man with tan pants.
A man with a grey backpack.
A man with white bag skiing.
A giraffe standing to the right of two other giraffes.
a half of a sandwich that has a piece of mushroom hanging out of the end.
a piece of sandwich closest to you.
The large red couch afainst the wall.
Sofa.
girl in black shirt.
woman in black shirt playing tennis.
Man in the dark shirt.
a blond haired man talking to another man.
gray color chair in which a black bag is placed.
Young boy on the right.
The boy on the left wearing the blue sweater.
A bird sitting near a pond behind leaves and grass.
bird in background closest to water.
Elephant with white tusks.
Elephant showing tusks in front of tree.
Man in a white hooded jacket.
A man wearing blue pant and white jacket.
lady with long hair.
a woman with light brown hair holding a wine glass while wearing a scarf and a black jacket.
A TABLE WITH DRAWER.
A little boy wearing a light blue and navy hooded sweater.
Child in blue sweatshirt.
The young giraffe behind it's mom and sibling.
A baby giraffe standing behind an adult giraffe.
The man of the left.
A hispanic boy talking on a cell phone.
A cow cage on the back of a truck.
The truck and trailer.
giraffe in front of another giraffe.
the giraffe in the foreground standing in front of the other giraffe.
A MAN WITH WHITE SHIRT, IS STANDING AND WATCHING TV.
The man with the shaved head in a white shirt.
Woman on a TV Screen paddling a boat.
a person with long hair sitting in a canoe holding a paddle.
two blue train engine cars.
blue locomotives on track.
big goat that a small one is drinking from.
The mother that is being nursed on by the foal.
Small elephant behind a fence with floppy ears.
A small elephant looking at a hippo.
tennis racket in the mans hand.
A blue and black tennis racket being held by a man.
A man with glasses, a suit, and a tie on standing next to another man with no tie and who is sitting.
A man wearing a suit holding the yellow paper.
girl eatting pizza.
A woman in a red tank top eating a piece of pizza.
Airplane flying higher than the other one.
The plane which is further forward than the other.
A Women sleeping with her knees bend.
A older woman laying on the bed in fetal position.
An oven with the door shut.
An oven with its door closed.
a tennis player is hitting the ball with his racket.
a man dressed in white.
The woman wearing a striped shirt  with her hand on her hip.
A woman in a blue striped top standing in a kitchen.
white umbrella.
A cream colored umbrella.
A man in a striped shirt wears an apron with chilli peppers embroidered on it.
A man wearing a blue shirt and a watch on his left wrist.
the orange in the 5 o'clock position.
the orange that does not have any light reflections on it.
A bratwurst in a bun on the left side of a basket/.
The whole hotdog on the left side.
plane to far left.
The jet that is under all the other jets.
a stuffed animal on a couch in a doll's house.
A stuffed poodle beneath lights.
woman in white sweater.
A woman in a white sweater is holding a cleaning rag.
A television set kept under the projector screen which is in off position.
A turned off TV under a projector.
The pizza is in front of the boy that is eating a slice.
A plate of pizza.
A YELLOW TSHIRT AND EYEGLASS WEARING PERSON SHOWING AN ELEPHANT.
A mean wearing a Yellow shirt and Black shorts.
woman in hat holding umbrella.
The woman under the umbrella.
The piece of cheese pizza.
pizza on right.
A small pizza with greens on top.
a sandwich half behind another sandwich half.
Part of a sandwich sitting nearest to the middle of the table.
dog's reflection.
The reflection of a dog beside a mirror.
A potted tree on the right side furthest from the clock.
A potted tree on the front right.
Closest zebra eating.
The Zebra that has his snout near the ground and is closest to the camera and near some wood.
zebra in the left side of the image.
A man having his brown tie cut with a scissors  by someone in uniform.
A smiling man getting his tie cut off by a soldier.
Young girl with a brush in her hand.
A toddler brushing her mother's hair.
The giraffe with its neck up grazing.
The giraffe who has his head second highest up.
The man with a pink cloth and a plastic cup in his right hand.
A man wearing a pink scarf.
A piece of apple in a glass full of assorted fruits.
A big piece of apple to the right corner of the glass.
the woman with the umbrella.
A woman wearing a heavy coat and holding a red umbrella walking on a path.
A LARGE BOWL OF RIPE BANANAS.
A bowl of bananas, unpeeled.
The boy in the plaid pants and the white shirt is playing wii.
A group of teenage asian boys play video games together and eat pizza for fun.
A MAN WAS WORKING THE PHONE AND  SHOULDER HOLDING  THE CAMERA.
man on phone.
the wine glass held by the lady.
a woman's drink.
A white horse standing with three other horses in front of a barn.
white horse in middle of other horses.
Man in the center of photo.
A women with Knife in her hand cutting cakes.
A lady with blue shirt sitting on the bench.
A young child wearing a navy blue hoodie.
A little girl eating next to her mom.
A little girl wearing red earring is eating something sitting besides to a lady.
A security guard sitting in a chair.
The officer is sitting in his chair next to the dalmation.
A man wearing blue jeans is skateboarding and jumping mid air.
skateboarder in mid air with board.
the white rightmost vase.
A clay pot standing on the right of another pot.
a man in red checked shirt.
A woman in a red checkered shirt sits around a table with her friends eating pizza.
A glass bowl of dark green salad.
A bowl of salad with red tongs.
a woman holding some clothes in plastic bags.
A woman holding some dry cleaning and looking at her flip phone.
empty wine glass in the image.
Green wine glass on the left.
A computer monitor to the left of another.
A computer screen with news article.
the man in the hooded sweatshirt on the right with a wedding ring.
A man in jeans with a ring in his finger.
A man in a red shirt.
man in red shirt.
The sandwich closest to the salad.
sandwich on plate with salad.
man in white shirt swimming.
the man who is going to surf with a shirt on.
woman in blue directly behind the food.
A girl in a purple dress.
The head of an adult horse in front of the smaller, baby horse.
A horse standing to the right of and staring at a tractor.
A blue double decker bus to the left of another bus.
A baby playing at a laptop.
A child in a yellow shirt.
The vase that does not have a flower in it.
A squat green vase with no flowers in it.
A person with pale legs.
man in the left side of the image.
The Pelican furthest to the right.
the seagull on the far right.
A red boat in the water.
A small boat with a red color hull.
girl playing paly station in home.
A lady with her hair pulled back standing on a carpet with a Wii remote in her hand.
bowl with three vegetables.
bowl of food that includes carrots in it.
glass directly above the scissors.
a giraffe standing tall.
The giraffe that has its head facing left.
the white plane with 37 on it.
The white plane.
A book which is near the cat's hind legs.
Yellow book partially under cat.
A red and blue striped bow tie.
A MEROON COLOR COLARBAND WITH ANOTHER VARIOUS COLOR.
A baby elephant.
Baby elephant next to adult elephant.
The zebra in the back.
A zebra, eating grass behind another zebra.
A plant that is next to a fountain that is spraying water out.
A flower pot next to the ceramic dog.
An orange cat.
a caramel color cat is looking mad at another cat.
a red bicycle.
four bicycles parked against a yellow building.
a person in black a t-shirt.
Troy Glaus falling over after a play at third base.
The baseball player holding the bat.
A man in blue.
white dress with teddy bear.
A stuffed animal wearing pajamas held by a child.
A man playing frisbee wearing a dark green shirt and shorts.
A man in a dark green t-shirt.
Donut in the middle of the other donuts.
the piece of food on the far right.
child with a purple backpack.
A little girl wearing tights and a purple backpack looking into a window.
A teddy bear in center.
A beige teddy bear in a green shirt.
A person with long hair.
Back of a dark curly haired woman standing on a sidewalk.
green iron bench man is sitting on.
A pillow on a metal bench.
The fork.
A fork to the left of a plate of food.
the dog in front of mirror.
A dog wearing a necklace who is looking at himself in the mirror.
A blue color car parked near a tree.
A blue car parked behind a woman in sunglasses.
A table on which bottles and plates are placed.
A brown color dinning table.
The zebra in the middle.
zebra eating grass in between two other zebras.
A white, red and black tennis racket pictured in front of a tennis court.
The tennis racquet with its head pointed skyward.
A DOG WHICH IS LYING ON THE BED WITH STANDING ANOTHER ONE.
A BEAUTIFUL CUTE DOG LAYING ON A BED.
puppy standing on hind legs.
A small brown puppy is beside a woman's shoe and has his paw over the smaller puppy.
A little girl playing tennis.
Alittle girl in the shuttle cock field.
crt monitor.
The larger monitor.
Woman with boots and long dark hair.
The woman with long hair and knee high boots.
A person with black hair and a black jacket.
Woman with dark hair standing to the right.
An elephant that is just starting to walk into a river.
The backside of an elephant in the river is present in the image.
A large elephant with a baby elephant in front of it.
An elephant with a calf to its right.
Smiling man in gray shirt at the dinner table with 2 children and one woman.
The man sitting at the table.
Table with boxes and gifts on it.
A white table near some people.
The third, and farthest cow.
The man on the right.
A plaid shirt.
white boat on the left.
ship in the left most side.
the wooden bar area.
Table at a restaurant.
A stuffed bear in a red shirt and white shorts being held by a boy in a green shirt and jeans.
Bear wearing a red shirt.
A woman in tourquoise clothing sitting with a young boy.
Person wearing a green shirt and rings on their fingers.
The face of a clock.
A large outdoor clock on a black pole.
THe stemmed glass containing a red drink.
The glass of red wine.
The darkest of the four giraffes.
man in a hat.
a man with a woman wearing hat.
Man on far right of photo in original shirt.
The bowl with the broccoli.
A bowl full of broccoli next to a bowl of pasta.
Bust going to South Common to the right of two other buses.
A bus going to 26 to South Common.
Small motorboat.
A small boat in the water.
A potted tree sits to the left of green pictures.
The bus that is mostly hidden behind the first bus.
a double decker hidden behind another one.
girl drinking from cup.
a young girl with curly hair drinking a drink.
A Lady Walking on the Road.
A girl walking in the road wearing a black jacket.
A man in a navy blue shirt standing playing video games in a home.
A man in a black sweater holding something and moving his hand.
The tallest giraffe.
giraffe in forefront.
A woman with blonde hair wearing a black hoodie using her phone.
A young male with blond hair looking at a cellphone.
A pair of skis.
A pair of skis worn in the snow.
Large elephant in the center.
The big elephant in the back standing closest to the baby elephant.
The blue and yellow train.
A blue and  yellow train sitting on the tracks next to a building.
a table full of stuff.
table where the foods are kept.
Blue motorcycle behind taxi.
glass of wine in table.
a glass of wine.
A woman in a brown shirt with a pink headband sitting on a couch.
A large woman with a black shirt sitting with her friends.
The man sitting to the right of the woman.
A man wearing a dark colored shirt sitting at a table.
baby wearing shirt with only orange sleeves looking at camera.
A young child wearing a white and orange shirt holding stuffed animals.
A BASEBALL PLAYER WEARING RED AND WHITE SWINGING A BAT WITH A RED HELMET ON HIS HEAD.
A baseball player swinging the bat.
A brown skinned horse having white lines in face.
The horse in the lead and its rider except for the top of his or her head.
The child wearing a striped shirt is playing.
A blonde little girl in a striped shirt playing with blocks.
A baseball bat being made on a lathe.
baseball bat being spun in machine.
A bed with white sheets is in a room with a boy ontop of it.
The bed the man is standing on.
A brown horse which is walking behind a white horse.
A brown horse wearing green clothing.
Motorcycle next to man standing in far left of picture.
the motorcycle that the women is approaching.
The purple teddy bear that is reading a book.
purple bear reading book.
blue bag on the woman's back.
Blue backpack on the back of a woman wearing blue gloves sitting on a black rail fence.
short size giraffee.
giraffe to the right of another giraffe.
A boy in a red shirt jumping up with two other people trying to catch tennis balls.
a man in a red shirt and gray pants jumping up high.
MAN IN YELLOW SHIRT USING HIS CELL PHONE.
a man with a yellow shirt and beige cap.
A white Apple Macbook laptop.
laptop from the back.
A teddy bear on the floor between a stuffed bear and stuffed bunny.
A teddy bear leaning against a wall with a stuffed rabbit and another teddy bear.
A piece of pie in between two other pieces.
A piece of toast with some dressing on it sits between two other pieces of toast on a plate.
A piece of luggage that is lighter and more worn than other's in the set.
The light brown suitcase.
man in blue shirt with backpack.
A man wearing a blue shirt and white pants with a black backpack walking on a grey path.
A WHITE CUP WITH A BLUE COLORED BAG IN IT WITH WHITE SUBSTANCE.
A white mug with a transparent blue cover in which milk is there that can fill almost half the mug.
A man wearing a grey suit jacket.
the man in the gray jacket on the right side.
A pizza with ham and cheese.
a yellow train parked on the tracks.
the train with 4790 printed on it.
A zebra behind another.
half hidden zebra eating hay.
A man sitting on bike.
A man hanging out on a motorcycle wearing a ball cap.
A mound of shredded orange food rests on a plate on top of a table.
A mound of cheese atop a leafy salad.
Dark colored car parked behind the trees.
A blue car.
a woman wearing a short skirt swinging a baseball bat.
woman batter on right.
An apple in a fruit basket.
the apple.
A man walking behind the motorcycles along the road.
man closest to suv.
Sliced apples on a plate.
3 slices of apple.
A teddy bear to the left of another bear.
the left teddy bear.
A motorcycle what is painted red.
A red and black classic motorcycle.
Girl walking in tank top.
A woman in jeans and a dark tank top walking down a small hill.
A park bench that a woman is sitting on.
The bench in which the woman is sitting on.
The man wearing the blue apron is helping.
Man in blue apron.
the black box.
The alarm clock.
the reflection of a man in a mirror wearing a black shirt.
A reflection of a man wearing a white and black t-shirt that says Chicago.
A child with long hair wearing plaid shorts and a helmet and elbow pads.
The boy sitting closest to the camera.
A person's partial leg and arm to the left of the man and woman.
The peron in black that is only partially seen.
A man in a brown shirt playing video games.
a man wearing brown t-shirt & jeans.
A girl getting a tennis racket from a chief guest.
A white woman wearing white and touching a tennis racket by two men.
Bubba Gump novelty Fortune magazine.
Magazine next to feather.
the refletion of the cat under the ladder.
the reflection of a cat in a mirror.
the table in the back on which a plant in the glass vase.
The table that is made of wood.
A white semi-truck driving down a street.
A white truck.
A man riding the horse vehicle and holding the rope of the horse.
A men wearing coat with cap and stick is riding the horse.
A brown haired woman behind  a tray filled with lettuce.
lady working farthest away.
Seated woman in glasses.
A woman with a black and white blouse and glasses sitting at a table.
The person in the hot dog cutout furthest to the left.
A tall hotdog with the face of a smiling man.
The slice of pizza that the edge crust is visible.
the slice of pizza on the bottom.
A motorcycle with dark red trim.
the red motorcycle next to the cow in the street.
An entire tablescape consisting of a meal, water, flowers, and a pair of glasses.
A small white table with some dishes on top.
elephant in background.
Larger elephant standing next to smaller elephant.
LAMB ON LEFT.
A lamb watching the rabbit.
A maroon backpack being worn by a man.
A man's red backpack.
The reflection of a bathroom sink in the right hand side of a mirror.
A woman with dark hair wearing a white shirt and blue jeans.
Woman in white shirt.
A big knife that was used to cut a cake.
The longer knife being used to slice the cake.
A laptop being used by a man in a white shirt.
A green bench with five people sitting on it.
green and wood bench seat holding 5 people.
The mouse that does not have the blue stripe.
The arm of the person sitting at the table with a black shirt.
A man with a black t-shirt.
An adult elephant standing in the water behind two young elephants.
A adult black elephant standing in the water behind its child.
woman on bike on right wearing black top and black hat.
A women in a black shirt.
A man with white color cap near the small boy.
A woman in a white hat and sunglasses.
a plastic bottle of mouthwash on the sink.
The mouth wash bottle behind the cat.
a gray horse behind the tree.
A grey-and-white horses standing still between a lamppost and tree to its right and a mounted police officer to its left.
A woman with her arms spread next to a kite.
woman with hands outstretched next to a rainbow kite.
Pizza slices on the bottom on the white plate.
the black back of a laptop with at least four white stickers on it and the top half of a glass water bottle.
the computer on the right in the right hand picture.
The man with long hair and facial hair sitting on the orange couch.
the guy sitting on the sofa with the striped shirt on and a beard.
A pink flower lantern with chinese lettering.
A glass with napkins and utensils inside of it sitting near a pizza.
A glass of flatware sits next to a fresh pizza.
The girl with the blue striped shirt.
A white horse standing in a field.
White horse in field.
cupcake bottom right corner.
A marshmellow cupcake sheep with face and one ear showing.
A colorful umbrella to the right of other colorful umbrellas.
ONE YOUNG MAN IS STANDING NEARER TO THE OTHER MAN WHO IS SITTING.
A man in a blue shirt puts his hands in his pockets.
A man in a white shirt holding a umbrella on a street.
A man with glasses standing in the rain with a blue umbrella.
blue car to the right of the red one in the back.
A blue car parked in the distance.
The giraffe in the middle, looking to the right.
The giraffe in the middle.
Bunch of oranges.
A large display of ripe oranges.
the chair in the front.
A cinnamon roll.
The donut with raisins.
lamb behind.
A small white lamb is browsing on the grass but only three legs are visible and the head is out of the frame of the picture.
A dark grey couch sits in a living room.
the sofa in the corner right of the photo.
The giraffe in directly in front of another giraffe.
A giraffe which is second closest to the viewer.
A teddy bear off screen that is looking at the middle teddy bear.
Half of a bear where you can see his eye.
upside down stop sign.
upside down stop sign.
A knife with black handle.
shiny knife with black handle.
A long sofa against the wall.
the couch with the deer next to it.
A young woman talking on the phone.
A WOMAN IN BLACK AND WHITE HOLDING A DRINK AND A CELLPHONE UP TO HER EAR WEARING A WATCH.
The half of a sandwich that is on top of the other half.
Half a sandwich sitting on top of another half a sandwich.
A black bear cub near a car.
Bear cub standing next to an adult bear.
Caras motorcycle.
A motorcycle with a sign that says CARAS on the front.
A rainbow-colored umbrella, in between two other rainbow-colored umbrellas.
A colorful umbrella that sits in the middle of three other umbrellas covring flowers.
Woman in banana costume on right.
a woman wearing a banana costume sitting in front of a cake.
A guy in a pink shirt gets caught looking at the camera,.
A man with headphones next to a man on a laptop.
Green book under apple.
A muti-colored cook with an apple on it.
woman.
a women wearing the black colour dress.
A blue car that is fully visible.
DARK GREY CAR.
boat with number RZ77.
Boat that has 8777 on it.
A little boy behind a 2-liter.
a child's head behind a bottle of soda.
A MAN WEARING BLUE COLOR KNEE RIB IN HIS LEFT HAND AND WATCHING TENNIS PLAYING HIS FRIEND.
Old man wearing knee brace.
one brown, white color cat is sleeping on the bed.
A cat sleeping on a bed next to a dog.
A bike held by the man in plaid.
bicycle the man is holding with his left hand.
A car driving on the street.
yellow car behind mirror.
An empty bench to the right of a couple sitting on another bench.
An empty wooden bench in front of a tree trunk.
A black coat hanging on a chair.
a black jacket hanging on a chair behind a man in a blue shirt on his phone.
A man in blue on the phone walking away.
A man in a blue jacket and blue pants is walking away, towards a street crossing while using a cell phone with his left hand.
A man in white preparing to hit a tennis ball.
A tennis player with white shorts and a white t-shirt in mid swing.
A house plant on the right side of a room.
A tall plant in a brown pot.
man in background with stripped shirt.
A person in a striped shirt.
A right side tall zebra.
zebra standing on grass to the right of a smaller zebra.
A woman.
the smiling woman.
Player number 24 at bat for this team, whose uniforms have khaki bottoms, black jerseys, and blue helmets.
person with the number 24 on his shirt.
A giraffe to the right of three other giraffes looking away from the people.
Right side last zebra which is facing to the other zebra.
The pizza slice to the left of the scissors.
A tennis player in white clothing with some black stripes, and a red headband.
Tennis player wearing red head band.
Closest train.
A train in front of another.
a white car.
The car is white.
A baseball player with white jersey and Neives and 23 written in red running over base.
the man running to first base on the white team.
A hotel bed.
The entire mattress the person is sitting on.
A sheep standing directly behind another sheep's butt.
the sheep furthest to the right.
A zebra behind another zebra facing the camera.
A photo of a man holding a cat while wearing a football helmet.
a man holding a fully brown dog.
the plane in the middle.
A bench located at the far end of other benches.
A young baseball player in a white jersey with a red number 9 on the back runs toward the base.
The player with number 9 and hands in the air.
an older lady wearing a black dress.
The woman wearing black and white paisly dress.
A grey Mercedes delivery truck with red-rimmed tires.
A tan colored truck with a Michelin Tire cover on the bed portion of the truck.
A girl in a white shirt with a tree on it and blue shorts with black leggings.
A woman wearing a white shirt plays Frisbee against a player wearing black.
A pedestal sink between the toilet and the tub.
The white pedastal sink.
Blurry bottle on table, not the photo on the phone.
The actual bottle of water being photographed.
The vase on the right side of the image.
the vase closest to the end of the table.
Burger is placed infront of other burger.
A woman in a black and white shirt playing sports.
woman wearing #00 shirt.
A woman with a ponytail wearing a purple shirt with orange lettering.
Upper couch behind man.
The skiis that the woman is holding.
A white and black cat.
A black and white cat stood on a toilet.
Blue and black lined sheet.
The blue tie with strips.
A soccer player in a black uniform.
A soccer player in Black.
The gray truck next to the motorcycle.
a grey colour truck running on the road.
A zebra standing between two other zebras, grazing.
A zebra looking for pasture with two other zebras on its left and right.
person holding racket 2nd to right.
The second woman from the right.
Pancakes on a grill.
A griddle with several pancakes being cooked on it.
The small side of a tennis racket, being used to hold tennis balls.
Tennis racket with tennis balls on it.
boy with white bear and no hat.
The little boy on the left holding a white teddy bear.
A filled pastry in front of two other identical ones.
the top of a white car.
A vehicle van in the background of people.
The pizza on the left.
the pizza sitting on the cutting board with the hole in the corner.
A juggler holding an apple up to his face.
The lounge of the couch to the right.
sink on left side.
A white sink to the left of another.
Giraffe looking down and not sticking head through fence.
The giraffe in the back.
Bald man holding cup.
bald man.
The signal light.
traffic light.
The last blue airplane in the formation.
A blue plane with yellow writing following three other matching planes.
table top.
A MAN WAS RUNNING THE BIKE WITH POT.
The man in all white.
A man in a gray shirt.
the man at the pizza.
the face of the clock tower is in shadow.
an uneaten hot dog.
A full size hot dog with many condiments.
a yellow bird sitting on a branch, its head useen due to bending to its right side.
A yellow and white bird partially hidden behind leaves.
A green apple on the right of the picture.
The apple with the stem pointing upwards.
A woman in a green suit jacket.
News reporter with blonde hair and green jacket.
A blue train.
A two tone blue passenger train car.
red double decker bus.
A red, double decker bus displaying the number 601.
Doughnut with pink frosting and sprinkles on top.
Donut with pink frosting.
a young girl in a blue shirt smiling and pointing at the screen of a laptop.
A young girl with a blue shirt pointing at a computer screen.
SILVER SEDAN IN BACKGROUND.
A blue color car parked near a tree.
broccoli.
Broccoli on yellow plate on blue tray.
A large truck on a parking lot.
The bed of a truck with a symbol of Canada on it.
Tennis racket with web closest to man.
White tennis racket resting on a chair with no one holding it.
A bowl of salad with tongs.
a bowl of salad with tongs in it.
The older, gray haired, woman.
A lady holding a spoon and stirring something.
A man standing on a boat.
A man in a baseball cap steering a boat next to a dog.
Man with hat and glasses.
man wearing a cap.
farthest motrocycle.
A motorcycle that is following another motorcycle.
The white truck behind the other one.
a white rectangular container sitting on a pick up truck.
A balding man sitting at a table full of pizza.
A man at a table drinking and eating.
the back of a blue chair with a person sitting in it.
A decorative pot on the countier of a bathroom with a plant in it.
Bowl of onion rings behind a sausage link inside a bun on the table.
A bwol of onion rings.
A delicious veg burger having potato chips besides it.
Bacon cheeseburger with letteuce.
The baby girl in the pink outfit.
baby.
this is an orange boat next to a red boat.
The light orange boat shown completely.
A woman with ponytail sitting in the bus.
A woman looks out a bus window.
The cow in the front with it's face in the grass.
The baby with the remotes.
Child reaching for remote.
A boy wearing red and black shorts that is windsurfing.
Man wearing blue white and red shorts.
A young boy with a batman hat.
a little kid wearing a blue jacket and a batman beanie.
A mug with a dog face stenciled on it.
A mug with a dog face on it.
A last elephant is last back side facing to the plants.
A lonely elephant not interacting with others.
a bright pink kite flying in the sky.
The pink kite with a greenish tail that is flying in the air.
Patio umbrella seen on the left side and behind the first umbrella.
A brown umbrella hidden by another umbrella to its left.
A bowl of broccoli.
A plate of broccoli.
A black bag in the lap of a male wearing glasses.
a black bag on the lap of man with glasses on a train.
the catcher.
A baseball catcher getting ready for the pitch as the batter swings.
toasted pastrami sandwich with lettuce.
One half of a grilled/toasted sandwhich sitting next to a cup of soup.
A baseball player jumps to catch a ball.
A Cardinal.
A circular dessert.
The sweet which look like snail shape.
A chair which a boy is sitting in.
the chair the little boy is sitting on.
a woman behind a racket.
A woman holding a tennis racket in front of her face.
A double Decker bus coming forward.
Red double decked bus between two other double decked buses parked on the pavement.
The closed, black book.
closed book.
The man in the solid blue shirt.
Man in blue shirt on the left.
oven range and counter on right.
large black leather sofa on left side of room.
A sofa with a white covering on the seat.
player in white far from ball.
A boy in a white shirt in the background.
a white color van in front of black color van.
The white truck next to the all black truck.
A collection of flowers near a woman on a bench.
assorted flowers in plaza.
A bowl with raisans and cheerios.
A bowl filled with plain Cheerios and raisins.
A yellow and black vase.
yellow vase with black swirls on it.
A brown cow in the field.
A light brown cow in a field with a black cow and two black and white cows.
A green couch against the wall.
The sofa also serves as bed to sleep at times.
a red plane.
A red plane that has a white stripe on it.
A made bed to the right of the photo.
The bed closest to the viewer.
An apple beneath a banana.
apple that is underneath a banana and right of an orange in a wooden bowl.
A pizza with mushrooms and no greens.
An uncooked circular pizza with mushroom, peppers, and white cheese.
A girl riding a black horse.
A young girl is riding a small horse.
A glazed carrot with a green leaf on top of it.
a piece of carrot served in a bowl of beef stew.
Yellow umbrella closest to the ordering window.
A silver lap top.
The latptop that the guy wearing the grey hoodie is using.
The man in the Yankees cap.
Boy smiling and looking at a pizza.
the sofa is a brown color and the dog is stand there in sofa.
A brown padded living room chair with a dog standing on it.
A GIRLS RIGHT SHOULDER WALKING WITH HER BOY FRIEND.
The light blue car.
A cobalt blue car with only the roof visible.
A white coffee cup.
The tea cup.
A red black and orange boat.
Red, black, and yellow boat grounded in mud.
A elephant being ridden by a man in a hat with his left hand by his ear.
An elephant in the front of the line.
man sitting with black pants.
The man holding the cell phone.
One zebra stands ahead of another.
the zebra with its head in front.
man swinging racket.
A man.
The handbar of a cycle on which a girl is sitting with purple colored tank top.
The tie in the little boys hand.
A necktie being touched by a toddler.
A man wearing a tuxedo and standing between two women.
A man in a tux standing next to two woman for a picture.
A white male wearing a grey t-shirt, black vest and dark colored hat, turned away from the camera.
man wearing black hat and black vest.
A man wearing a hat holding a frisbee.
A man in brown shorts, white socks and a blue cap holding a frisbee.
an asian woman in orange eating food.
A person in an orange shirt eating.
a biscuit with toppings on the right.
food item next to the tip of the fork tines.
Some type of food in a large black bowl.
Food in a large bowl on a lunch tray.
A black man with his face blurred.
A person wearing a grey shirt and black pants.
Burlap fabric to the left of cat.
A brown sofa holds a cat.
blue bus.
The blue bus with the Go Stage! advertisement.
wooden chair in the right side of the image.
A woman in a black dress helping serve food.
A woman wearing a black dress.
a notebook with boxes.
A scrapbook.
A hot dog on the left side on the plate.
Hot dog with the lesser burnt bun in front of plate.
Two horses are running with the carriding one gentleman.
a gray horse pulling a carriage with another.
computer monitor.
White apple computer monitor featuring a picture of gears.
A black oven in a white kitchen.
THE STOVE IN BETWEEN A SET OF DRAWERS AND CABINET SPACE.
mac and cheese in bowl.
Bowl of macaroni and cheese.
Person with their hair in a ponytail.
the back of a man in a black suit.
girl on right.
Girll with white shirt and tan shorts.
A small bowl of cooked mushrooms and chives.
The bowl of mushrooms.
A hot dog smothered in gravy in a white bun.
the right portion of the couch.
The couch., right side.
A red van.
A red police van.
A boy wearing glasses.
kid with glasses.
An older man and woman drinking alcohol at the side of the bar.
blurred image of woman in background.
a person wearing black t-shirt ,white pant and holding the juice glass.
man with juice glass.
A man in a orange shirt jumping in the air on a board.
Athlete in the orange shirt who is mid-air.
A truck grill next to a man wearing blue jeans.
Chrome work to the right of the motorcycle near mams leg.
A small plant in a brown planter sitting in the window.
An indoor plant on a brown planter.
Man holding frisbee.
The man with the frisbee.
A girl with a green sweatshirt and wearing orange face paint.
Girl in a green hoodie and jeans with a orange facepainting sitting on sidewalk with a friend.
A brown antique wooden chair in a living room.
Wooden carved chair with a brown cat laying in it.
A stuffed bear riding sidecar on a motorcycle.
A teddy bear doll wearing glasses.
A lady in black shirt and blue pant who sitted on elephant.
The woman in black shirt and sunglasses waving.
the only umbrella.
An Umberlla in front which covers 2 people.
A person in pink pants and a silver helmet.
A skier in pink pants.
a child with a black shirt and blue helmet playing baseball.
A child swinging a baseball bat.
A man in jeans and a blue shirt playing Wii.
A man wearing a blue shirt and glasses holding a wii controller.
A piece of pizza between two other pieces.
middle piece of pizza on top.
A pink umbrella held by a woman.
an open pink umbrella.
the first sandwich from the front.
The sandwich with small burnt parts,  closest to the camera.
The yellow traffic signal by the Bridge Street  sign.
A stoplight next to two green signs.
The legs of a chair where a man in jeans is sitting.
A small carrot in between two larger ones.
Middle red carrot.
The train closest to the photographer.
The cat on the left looking out the window.
The silhouette of a cat sitting to the left of a flower vase.
A black chair.
empty reclining arm chair.
The black, white and red ship.
boath with the green hull.
blurred image of yellow skinned apple in background.
black truck.
black pick up truck.
A girl in pink pajama's blow drying her sister's hair.
A blonde girl with a straight hair holding a hair blower.
The right apple slice.
slice of apple that is closest to the blade of the knife.
Baby wearing overalls.
The baby holding the phone.
the carrot slice which is ready to eat.
The piece of salmon to the right closest to the camera.
Man in a blue shirt sitting at the bar with his back to the camera.
A man in a blue shirt who's back is visible.
A man in a red striped tie.
A man in a blue jacket missing part of his tie which a woman is holding in one hand with scissors in her other hand.
Piece of pizza 3rd on left.
The parked motorcycle on the left.
A BIG BIKE PARKED AND HELMET IN THE RIGHT SIDE OF ITS HANDLE BAR.
The monitor in the middle of the other two.
pasta salad.
A blue silicone container of pasta salad.
The dog lying down behind the lady.
The brown dog in the background.
A cheese stick on top of other sticks.
The cheesy piece on top.
A horse on the left.
The horse on the left.
The dog that is lying down.
Dog in the foreground, that is actually real.
A spoon beneath another.
A reflection of part of a white sink.
the refection on the sing on the right.
A tan sitting chair with a patterned pillow in it to the right of the coffee table.
stuffed beige armchair.
A fork is on the table.e.
The fork to the left of the pizza in the front.
The teddy bear.
teddy bear.
A blue truck on the street.
A blue big rig truck.
The horse standing right of another.
horse on the right side.
The toilet to the left of the picture.
Green couch with pillow on it.
A green sofa with a green pillow on it.
A blue car with a teddy bear on the front.
An old green car with a bear in the grill.
The woman walking and eating.
A brunette women in a yellow shirt eating cake.
Sink on the left.
The sink farthest left.
Bowl of rice next to two entrees on the table.
smallest bowl on the table with a mix of chopped foods.
The book the boy is reading.
An open, illustrated book containing pictures of animals, being read by a man wearing all black.
white bus.
A large bus.
Black and white dog with pointy ears.
The black and white dog nearest the wall.
the bowl with the white stuff in it.
the vanilla dessert with a cashew nose.
A dark brown dog.
A black dog.
A giraffe that is standing taller than the other.
A giraffe eating on the left side of a food dispenser.
A woman holding skiing equipment with a gray hat.
The woman holding skis on the far left of the image.
A white leather couch with a chair stacked on top.
chair with another chair on top of it.
The person in black holding the paper whose head is not visible.
Part of a woman in a blue jacket.
A man standing next to a woman under an umbrella.
A man with a black jacket.
horse rear left middle.
the rear end of the light brown horse where all you can see is the rear end.
The closest green veggie.
a long stalk of broccoli between 2 mushrooms.
A girl in a grey swimsuit.
little girl running on the beach.
Cup closest to the person taking the photo.
A cup of water at the botton of the plate.
a man in white shirt.
The waiter in the white shirt.
The bench the family is sitting on.
The surf board that is kept slanting on a wooden pole.
A surfing board kept in its hanger.
the chef in the back with his back turned.
A chef wearing a white shirt and blue jeans.
a brunette woman wearing a black hoodie.
the woman wearing a dark hooded sweatshirt.
a large gray bird facing toward the right.
the bird whose face is visible.
The white and orange train.
a city street car with orange doors.
Girl on the left.
Younger women playing with the controller.
A scissors with a orange handle on a table with other supplies.
A pair of scissors with orange handles and silver blades.
a white chair.
A white chair occupied by a person wearing sandals.
man eating donut.
A man holding a doughnut.
A woman in green sports attire hits a tennis ball on court.
A woman in a green shirt and white skirt hitting a tennis ball.
The donut without sprinkles to the right of another donut without sprinkles.
Doughnut with no sprinkles in the center of the plate.
A man in white at a table with others.
The man in the white shirt on the left side of the table.
The full glass on the right.
Wine glass to right of pizza.
A cup of cappuccino with a spoon in it.
Table under the tea.
man skating in the front of the image.
Guy in white shirt skateboarding down rail.
A boy on hands and knees in a white shirt and plaid shorts.
The kid down on all four's behing the young girl.
A woman in a brown hat.
A woman with brown hair wearing a hat.
A tall plant without leaves.
plant on the left side which is near the door.
A little boy in a green or yellow coat on skis to the left of an adult man.
A kid with a yellow a grey jacket sking.
a cow eating.
Cow with horns.
A young boy in a white collared shirt eating a hot dog.
A little boy in a striped shirt eatin a hot dog.
Elephant on the far right.
The head of an elephant that is following two other elephants.
A man in a white shirt and khaki pants.
A small bear with grey hands, feet, and ears.
a grey and white teddy bear.
A long wooden platform holding several objects.
A person in a black helmet and brown shirt smiling on a snowy mountaintop.
Person with glasses looking at the camera.
the girl on the left in black pants.
woman in long black pants and blue shirt.
Bed with two pillows on top of each other, top pillow is black.
a bed with a black pillow.
the tennis player.
Tennis player hitting the ball.
Triangle piece of pizza.
A slice of pizza with strawberries.
a person in a blue shirt on the left of a person holding a box of donut.
a man in a yellow shirt.
a man with green shirt.
A man kneeling down with brown hair and a striped shirt on.
A boy in a blue shirt on a skateboard.
A boy in a blue tee shirt doing tricks on a skateboard.
The lady with the blue suitcase is riding on a bus.
The woman with the blue suitcase on the ground in front of her.
A yellow and green bus.
Green and tan bus.
Broccoli on side with the main entree.
the broccoli pieces in the right hand picture.
The shorter guy in yellow shirt trying to catch frisbee.
A man in a yellow t-shirt reaching for a Frisbee.
The chair the front person is sitting on.
A chair the woman closest to the sheep is sitting in.
A man on a bike has a ref poncho on.
a person wearking red colour jerkin.
An old car parked in front of a bus.
An old fashioned car with a convertible top.
Person with tan pants in the background with both hands on both legs.
a line judge at the tennis match with Roger Federer.
A pair of white skies.
A woman in a black shirt looking at a giraffe.
Woman with a black shirt.
A woman with black sitting and wearing a striped shirt.
A lady with black hair wearing jeans, a striped gray shirt and flip flops sitting on a bench.
The train cart in front of and to the side of the blue train.
The brown train next to the blue train.
The giraffe on the left.
A giraffe with close together horn nubs and a closed mouth.
A man with a buzzcut holding a tennis racket with yellow on it looking down at the ground.
The tennis player looking at his racket.
a chair behind the boy's head.
Chair behind a boy that is empty.
A glazed part of a carrot that has been cut and cooked.
A carrot in the stew.
A man wearing a white shirt with the sleeves up.
bartender off screen.
The laptop held by the girl.
A laptop with a pink plaid skin being used my a little girl.
The large sofa chair in the middle.
A sofa facing the television.
The apple laptop being used by the dark haired man with glasses and a moustache.
A white bus between two other buses.
A bus in the middle of two other buses.
two slices of toast with bacon and eggs.
Table that the married couple is sitting at.
A white table with decorations and photos on it, as well as plates and confetti.
A young adult making food in his kitchen, taken in blank and white.
man makind coffee.
an arm of a person sitting in a chair.
Person sitting in chair.
The two trays with fruit and vegetables.
A compartment filled with fruit.
GIRL IN GRAY HOODIE LEANING ON TABLE.
Girl looking at laptop screen.
A glazed donut inside a piece of aluminum foil with lettuce on it.
A sweet bun with honey in a paper foil.
An asian couple are posed together in front of a table with a cake.
AN OLD COUPLE STANDING IN FROM TABLE WITH CAKE.
dark brown horse with white face stripe, standing on left.
A horse being ridden by a woman.
A banana cooking on the fartherest left side of the grill.
a banana to the left most of the food.
A small girl in pink frock closing her mouth with both hands standing in front of the white sink.
A small girl in purple dress standing by closing her mouth with hands.
a woman blow drying a boys hair.
A hair stylist blowdrying the boy's hair.
elephant has right side of body visible.
Elephant on the left.
taller giraffe.
A giraffe licking the handrail.
A fat outfielder in front of the wall.
baseball player that is furthest away from camera.
A small boy watching a man in a hat.
little boy standing by ramp.
A lady wearing a purple top smiling at the photo with another on sitting infront of her.
A woman with dark hair smiling with a stuffed polar bear close to her right cheek.
A cow standing between the two other cows.
A cow standing in between two cows and starring by turning toward its right.
Two slice of pizza on a white plate.
A large piece of food covered in sauce.
The woman.
A female wearing a black shirt and a black jacket holding hands with a man in a plaid jacket.
The center most vase with an octopus on it.
A large pot with an octopus on it.
A bed with an ornate floral design on the comforter.
the left big bed in the right hand picture.
The woman holding the spatula.
a women was smilling and cooking.
The zebra in the middle of the two other zerbas.
A zebra between two other zebras.
A orange under a green apple in a bowl.
A green pickup-truck.
A dark truck parked on the side of the road.
A man who is posing on front of two other men, wearing orange goggles.
A man with white helmet, standing on the snow and posing to the photograph.
The youngest elephant.
A side view of a baby elephant.
A brown haired girl with a barrette in her hair.
Head of the woman on the left whose ear is sticking out between her hair.
back of the bus seat at the bottom of the picture.
The seat in front of the boy with the jacket that has a orange collar and is looking down.
a man in a black jacket on a subway train looking down.
The man on the train looking down.
The animal in the middle of the other two animals.
a buffalo looking animal between 2 other animal.
the leftmost wall.
The ledge on the left side where no one is standing.
A container of rice topped with red sauce.
The container with the sauce on top.
A boy in red shorts holding a tennis racket.
Player in the red shorts.
the bag in black color.
The backpack shoulder strap on the man's left shoulder.
A double oven on the wall.
both oven doors.
a skier in a black jacket and leggings.
A man in black who is skiing.
A blanket under a stuffed bear.
THE COLORED SHEET UNDER THE TEDDY.
Toddler standing in the living room holding a game controller.
a toddler with as sock on his hand is holding a gam controller.
a persing wearing the black colour dress.
A woman holds her Nintendo Wii controller's two pieces in a boxing stance to the right of her companion.
A sky color bycycle is on the road with the women.
The bike the woman is riding on.
A black and white horse in a field with another horse.
Black horse in field facing directly towards the camera.
A table which is carrying all the items.
The table the kids are eating at.
A man in white t shirt standing with another man in black t shirt.
a man with white shirt and tan pants.
a small bear with a blue ribbon around its neck and a red flower.
The stuffed animal on the far left has a flower on it's neck.
A woman in a dress and dark colored ankle socks.
The woman on the right who is looking towards the left of the room.
Group of three children on a soccer field.
The woman with the white and green tooth brush.
A girl brushing her teeth with a blue toothbrush.
zebra in the back right facing right.
The zebra whose face is not seen.
fork on plate.
a fork sitting on a plate.
a man with white pants and white t-shirt is playing baseball.
a man was playing.
black bird toward left side.
Bird on the left.
Brunette woman wearing a black top and squeezing a ketchup bottle while sticking out her toungue.
The woman squirting ketchup.
Red bus with no passengers.
A man facing left with a phone to his ear.
An elderly man standing and talking on his cellphone.
A pair of skis that no one is wearing.
The corner of some skis who's rider is out of the picture.
A chair holding a man.
chair man is sitting in.
The banana on the left side, next to his right ear.
The banana on the man's right side.
A person's left hand wearing a watch.
A hand with a wrist watch.
a stove.
Stove top, four burners and kobs.
Man riding a bike wearing a rainbow colored hat.
The man in the multi colored beanie riding the green bike.
Rhe red chair on the dock.
A red chair between a blue and yellow chair.
The boat closest in the image.
A boat with a bucket in it.
A young boy in warm clothing on a tennis court with two other people.
A boy in a brown jacket hugging a person in a red jacket on a tennis court.
A woman with blonde hair wearing a red shirt.
a lady with blonde hair wearing  black jeans and red top.
The vegetable in the middle.
The carrot in the middle.
the woman behind the table who is not talking on the phone.
a woman who is not on the phone.
bowl that is directly underneath the pizza holding green veggies.
white bowl and part of left hand.
Baseball catcher holding his mitt while kneeling behind the batter.
keeper sitting behind the batsman.
The person wearing jeans.
The blue jean clad legs of a person standing on a ski slope.
A person wearing white colour shirt.
A tall white man in white striped shirt and black pants.
The clear bottle to the far right.
bottle next to the white cup.
A player with the number 9 on the back of his jersey.
Player wearing a shirt with the number 9.
a piece of lasagna next to the salad.
A two decker red bus.
A red multi-leveled bu that is in front of another red single-leveled bus.
Player swinging a tennis racket.
A picture of a male tennis player jumping in the air.
A train in the station.
A long locamotive lined in garland.
A green car staying at the left side of the picture.
The light blue Ford Mustang on the left side of the photo.
the airplane that has 03 on the tail.
A gray helicopter.
a middle aged man holding an Obama container in black outfit.
A man wearing a long coat.
Young boy squeezing cake icing inside of a container.
boy wearing white shirt and black tie and blue apron prepares pastries.
a container of almonds and other food in a lunch box.
a yellow container with a green container and cooked chicken inside of it.
A horse with its head up.
horse on the left of the group of horses.
Woman in purple shirt and tan pants.
A person wearing tan shorts watching little league.
a table with lots of food on it with a man sitting by it an dholding a sandwich.
table with food items.
A colored food service worker, wearing glasses with tattoos on his arms in strange light conditions that tint in the green.
A man in a red shirt, talking to a woman in a white shirt.
A man sitting on a moped in the street on his phone.
AMAN SITTING THE BIKE SEAT  AND SPEAKING THE CELL PHONE.
A girl wearing a white jacket with green and white pants walking on a white floor.
Little kid walking through store with umbrella.
tennis racket being held.
the racket in the mans hand.
A tray of rolled meat.
The turkey and plate in the top right corner.
man sitting on a coach looks at little girl.
MAN LOOKING OUT DOOR.
A bear in front of all of the other bears.
A white bear dressed as the Statue of Liberty with a shirt that says New York on it.
The person in the third picture from the top.
A man near the TV operating the remote.
A guy in tan pants playing the wii.
Bird in high flight.
The bird that is furthest away from the large bird.
the yellow bus.
a city bus driving on the street.
The closest table of apples.
apples in market for sale.
the background hand.
Arm & hand of person in chair in background.
A blue and white floral umbrella.
A floral umbrella.
A very young girl in a light blue sweater and super short hair pointing at a birthday cake.
A surprised child pointing at the cake on the table.
The blonde wearing a tanktop.
A woman in a black tank top with sunglasses.
A foal walking alongside a horse which is pulling a cart.
A small horse next to another bigger horse.
The baby zebra.
A giraffe stands separated from the other two.
The giraffe on the left.
The bench before the man.
A man in blue outfit standing in the snow.
A man wearing a blue ski jacket and black helmet and black gloves on a snowy mountain.
couch-bed with backpack.
A bed with a black backpack on it.
A houseplant to the left of an entertainment center that has white flowers.
A small leafy potted plant in the corner of the room with small exposure to sunlight.
darkest colored horse.
a dark brown horse being rode by a girl in light blue.
the foil far above the bowl of soup.
A red bed closer to the window than the other bed.
A bowl of soup with meat and noodles next to a plate of fried eggs.
A bowl of soup with 3 slices on meat on top, next to the blue book.
A young giraffe is following behind an adult giraffe.
a girrafe calf walking behind its mother.
Boy standing in hat.
A boy wearing a black shirt, holding a skateboard.
A slice of pepperoni pizza and a slice of sausage pizza on a plate.
A white plate with two different slices of pizza on it.
A white laptop next to a man holding a green laptop.
White laptop being held by man in black shirt.
A box of pizza sitting to the right of a second box of pizza.
The pizza closest to the Copenhagen.
A MAN IS BATTING WEARING  HELMET.
A man in green jersey is hitting a ball.
The person standing wering blue jeans.
A person standing up wearing gray pants.
A man in a dark room holding a drink, next to two microwaves stacked on top of each other.
guy with a striped hoodie with a cup in his hand.
The man in red tie gesturing at the woman in blue.
a man.
a woman holding a wine glass.
Woman raising the wine glass.
Red back chair with a child sitting on it.
the chair in which the girl is sitting.
The train car on the left.
A train is not moving on the tracks.
A hatless bearded man without glasses eating food.
A man in a black shirt with a beard.
The back of a  boy wearing a baseball uniform holding a bat.
A young baseball player holding a bat waiting his turn.
A grey color car on the street.
Th front end of the car.
A person with a cat laying in his lap.
man having ash color pant.
A guy on a computer that is more tan and has shorter hair than the other.
The man on the right,closest to the piano, using one of two apple laptops.
A boy with black shoes who is trying to stamp on the skate board.
Legs of a persons wearing black shoes.
A man in between a man and a woman holding a remote.
This is a man holding a cellphone and wearing a suit.
horse pulling carriage to the right of another horse.
The horse on the right side, closest to the police man.
pile of broccoli on the plate.
Broccoli on a white plate.
A white cat laying ontop of a human.
White cat sitting on top of owner in bed.
furthest right zebra standing.
The giraffe on the right.
giraffe by wall with another giraffe.
two men jumping for a frisbee.
a person jumping the ground.
Forks on table.
A young man in a light green button up shirt wearing a bowtie with sunglasses in his pocket.
A man with a green shirt with a gray bow tie and black sunglasses in his shirt pocket.
black and brown dog with red collar laying under a blue blanket.
A plane called The Overnight Delivery System.
an airplane.
Computer screen besides another.
A monitor with a light bulb on it.
A bowl of white rice.
A small bowl containing grated cheese.
A long chocolate covred donut.
The long pastry on the left with brown chocolate on top.
A sink sitting under a green fountain in a bathroom with four urinals behind it.
A sink to the left of the green DNA statue.
A tall giraffe standing near some trees.
A giraffe in front of the other giraffe.
A horse eating grass and her calf by her side.
a brown horse has a black mane.
A brown wicker chair.
a brown coloured cushion type cane chair.
A hot dog roll.
A hot dog on a bun with mustard.
a dark brown and black horse, poking it's nose through the bars of the fence.
An animal sticking its face through the fence.
a couch that the man with the white shirt and pants is sitting in.
a man with gray t shirt.
The large man is playing with the wii mote.
A bathtub in a tiled bathroom.
The inside of a bath tub.
Non blurry jar with flowers in it.
The vase that has the most clearly visible stems of the flowers.
A purple toothbrush.
Purple toothbrush with green bristles.
the black chair with the jacket hanging off it.
A black chair at a table with a grey sweater on the back of it.
brown table.
The table top all the drinks are on.
giraffe is eatting grass.
A pretty giraffe with a taller giraffe.
A person wearing a white shirt holding a cell phone.
A person in a white shirt.
goat in front of other two goats on side.
3 pieces of broccoli not covered.
A boy wearing a shirt with 'PSN' on the front.
A young white boy wearing a blue shirt with red writing that reads PSN sitting near 3 other white children at a table.
A white kitchen island with three drawers.
a white and wood counter with a basket on top of it.
The boy on the right.
An open black laptop.
A black laptop.
The top of a decorative wagon wheel.
A wooden chair kept in a garden restraunt and a bird sit on that chair.
light blue bicycle.
The light blue bicycle to the right of the picture.
An empty park bench or chair that is to the right of the woman with the yellow tube.
beautiful chairs on the road side for people.
table under laptop.
A laptop computer that is turned on and has a charging cord attached.
Hot dog with onion, chili and cheese.
hot dog with onions.
toilet with a handle sticking out of it.
All white toilet with no lid and handle sticking out of it.
A white urinal on a white tiled wall.
A urinal mounted on a wall.
A man in an orange shirt is sitting and eating, he has sun glasses on top of his head.
A man eating a sandwhich.
The back of a chair sitting on the left side of the table.
A wooden, high backed chair is in the corner of the picture.
Group of glasses in top left corner of photograph.
The plate in front of the woman in the red who is pointing.
A zebra looking down at the dirt.
zebra in the front eating.
the glass in the middle of the other glasses.
A wine glass with a swirl in the buttom of the cup.
Two horses with their heads up highest from the others.
The horse with the white face.
An empty chair back.
the chair face away from us.
A kite covered in iron cross symbols.
Red and black plane shaped kite.
A person seated behind two children.
The person sitting behind the baby.
The cow that is fully outside the car.
The cow outside the car.
A zebras neck is bent down.
A zebra grazing in the field.
a man running fast playing baseball.
A man wearing white tee and black pant is running.
a glass of beer that is on your left.
Glass of beer sitting on a coaster next to a pizza.
A table full of plates of food, napkins and drinks.
The table with everything on it.
Table where a man is sitting alone.
Two dishes of food on white plates with spoons sitting on a counter.
the centre parson eating banana warring yellow t-shirt.
Man in the middle of two other men.
A small cream colored sofa is to the right of the wooden coffee table.
The half full wine glasses.
The corner of the table that is in the front of the photo with the wine glasses.
a fake long john donut in a package.
a plastic eclair toy.
zebra is looking for the grass to eat.
A zebra with it's head near a log.
woman cutting pizza.
woman eating pizza.
The black dog.
A black dog is sleeping on a bed with two other dogs.
The plain on the top.
A Jet propeller flying high in the blue sky above another propeller.
a young girl in a purplr raincoat.
a girl in a purple jacket and red and white boots, and the right side of the girl to her immediate left.
middle kid.
The man wearing white shorts.
A motorcycle seen from the back as the rider goes around a curve.
The orange motorcycle.
A surfboard being carried by a man in a black shirt and hat.
A white surfboard with an orange logo and pink towel draped over it.
green chair with bear.
the green chair with the bear on it.
A chair is next to a white stool.
back of a man in a dark blue shirt and black pants playing frisbee.
A man in a navy shirt running to catch a frisbee.
The light brown stuffed animal that is located at the top far right corner.
The light brown stuffed animal that is located at the top far right corner.
A man in blue shirt and black shorts is walking with his white surfing baot in his hand.
A surfer in a blue wet suit carrying a surfboard.
a white notebook with a cats paw on it.
notepad.
A baby elephant standing by a larger elephant.
The little elephant that you can see all of him.
A blue sofa.
sofa in a hall.
The small shaded space between the top two white manuals on the right.
A green and gray train.
A teal and grey train.
the arm the girl is raising in the right hand picture.
An arm over a plate with pizza on it.
A boy without a shirt.
A young boy with short brown hair flying a kite.
The chair on the left, opposite the fence.
An wooden arm char at the table.
The man with glasses and a black shirt.
a man on right side wearing a half sleeve black t-shirt.
The part of the couch that has no back.
Ottoman section of the couch that the blue bag is leaning on.
The boy wearing a black shirt with a maroon tie.
A young man dressed in black getting help with his red tie.
The semi truck on the road.
A white truck with a red cargo bed is driving on the right side of the road.
The yellow horse with feathers on it.
A yellow horse in the middle.
the cake in the bottom right plate.
A slice of cake being brightly lit with its shadow falling behind it.
The person with the luggage handle on their butt.
handle of a trolley.
the side of a giraffe.
Large giraffe that is barely in the photo.
A statue of a man holding an umbrella.
bronze statue of man in suit holding an umbrella.
The portion of the couch behind the woman's back.
Sofa's right corner in the living room.
cat on left.
a cat looking into the mirror.
A little giraffe.
The smallest giraffe in the middle.
tennis player in white shirt and tan shorts.
a male tennis player holding a racquet in a white shirt and grey shorts.
the racket the man with the green striped shirt is holding.
A woman in a brown coat holding an iPhone, taking a picture.
person on right.
A baseball play sliding into a base.
No. 11 of the New York Mets sliding into second base.
Small oval shaped black cell phone.
A cell phone oval in shape.
A MAN WEARING A BLACK T-SHIRT & JEAN HOLD A MOBILE PHONE.
A black male on his phone with a black shirt and jeans.
Wooden chair without back showing.
The white piece of cake.
The slice of cake on the left.
A giraffe with one knee bent looking to the right.
The giraffe on the left.
leg of someone in top of picture.
person in the background wearing jeans.
A horse behind the fence not being ridden.
fence with 2 partial signs.
The giraffe who is furthest to the right.
The necks and heads of two giraffes in the foreground.
a shoppa in the hall.
The chair that is on the right side of the table that has a floral design on the seat.
man in white t-shirt and grey shorts.
A man wearing gray shorts reaching for a frisbee.
back of the left side of the couch.
A dark brown sectional couch in front of the shelves.
A large elephant that is looking at and is surrounded by several smaller elephants.
The full grown elephant.
The reflection of a vase in a table.
refkection o the vase in the table.
a man wearing blue jeans.
A man in the doorway reaching into his pocket.
man wearing green button up shirt, black pants & glasses using cell phone while sitting on a bench.
a man in a green shirt sitting on a bench.
Young guy holding the pole of a traffic sign.
The guy is holding on to the sign pole.
The donut on the left side of the picture.
a man in black jacket and light blue pants jumping with his snowboard.
Man in blue pants and black jacket on allian snowboard in air.
Woman holding a dark colored umbrella.
a woman holding a black umbrella.
A container filled with broccoli next to chow mein.
A bowl of chopped broccoli.
A woman with glasses sitting in a chair who is wearing a headset, a black jacket and a blue lanyard.
the woman sitting on the end in a black and white polka dot shirt.
A taxi is driving on the road.
WHITE TAXI CAB DRIVING DOWN ROAD.
snowboard attached to backpack of a person.
THE SNOWBOARD ON THE GUY FARTHEST TO THE RIGHT.
White car closest to the motorcycles.
A white car in front of the 2 person motorcycle.
A yellow kite shaped like a man with wings.
A butterfly kite.
Book on the shelf near the cat's head.
A book disguised as a cat pillow.
An airplane wing near us.
An airplane wing.
A boy wearing a blue shirt that says SURF ALL DAY and dark brown shorts playing soccer with his friends.
Boy in a blue surf all day T Shirt.
A lady wearing a pink T-shirt, and cooling glass over her head.
A blonde haired woman in a pink top holding a plate with a piece of cake on it.
man with black hair talking on a cell phone in front of subway doors.
the man on the phone.
a giraffe on the right eating.
a shorter giraffe eating hay to the right of a taller giraffe.
Red train with yellow steps on middle track.
motercycle tha tis parked between a car and a sign and closest to sidewalk.
The blue motorcycle.
The smaller piece of broccoli.
Broccoli which is near a red tomato shaped box.
A squatting man in white.
A catcher who is preparing to catch the ball while the batter prepares to hit.
a brown teddy bear with a white jar sitting in front of it.
Teddy bear on the left.
The bottom half of the right sandwich.
The bottom half of the sandwich on the right.
The first bench on the right.
The larger bench.
colorado rockies player hitting a ball and breaking his bat.
A baseball player in a gray pinstripe uniform has just hit a ball.
broccoli touching the edge of the photograph on the bottom right.
The broccoli spear facing down on the bottom right.
White cow with his head down.
second cow from the right side of the image.
A bottle of 2007 vintage Chardonnay with a yellow label.
bottle with 2007 label.
A pillow which a woman is resting her head.
the pillow under her head.
white airplane with red letters on the side.
A red and white passenger plane at an airport.
The skier in red.
The kid in the red skii outfit skiing with sister.
A guy holding a surf board.
A man carrying a surfboard wearing a white shirt and grey shorts that have a fish pattern.
The front of a white bus that has a yellow rail inside.
A large white bus on a street.
A employee with khaki pants working.
A woman in khaki pants.
lady working on laptop.
woman behind laptop.
The top right keyboard.
An old-fashioned keyboard with a RETURN key showing.
brown couch against the blue wall.
brown color couch in front of blue wall.
Woman in dark blue uniform standing behind the man in the orange polo shirt.
a woman standing behind two men sitting in chairs.
a man on third base posed to run to the ball for an out.
A baseball player in a white uniform and black socks.
The person's shoulder and arm wearing blue and black stripes.
The right shoulder of a person wearing a striped shirt behind a little boy.
The back of a man's head who is wearing a black shirt.
the man with sideburns sitting down.
A man in white about to cut a pizza.
the guy who is making pizza.
A man working on a motor bike in the rain as another man holds umbrellas.
A man kneeling, examining a motorcycle.
man in cultural clothing.
A man, wearing traditional dress, including a scarf.
A BLUE AND WHITE COMBINATION OF YAMAHA RACE BIKE.
A white arm chair between two green end tables.
The closer grey chair in between the two end tables.
Girl hand cutting wedding cake.
A lady hand with a knife cutting the cake.
A man in a camo shirt.
Chair next to lamp with an ottoman in front of it.
The chair next to the white lamp.
A red dish filled with a variety of food.
a red bowl of food.
the sink well.
a white sink in a bathroom.
A white and red striped bus parked in front of another bus.
double-decker bus.
A red tour bus offering a sightseeing tour of Windsor.
Talking on Mobile while walking.
The lady that is standing while talking on the cell phone.
bag that woman in green shirt is wearing.
black hand bag kept by lady.
the back right cup in right picture.
clear plastic cup with blue and black markings.
The STOP STATE POLICE sign only.
A sign on a car that says State STOP Police.
A man wearing sunglasses and a black watch.
A man having his food and his right hand holding his right ear.
A patterned-upholstery couch to the left of two young people playing a Nintendo Wii game.
A white flower sofa.
The closest glass of water in the picture, slightly blurry but to the left of the main plate.
glass of water.
The brown boots.
Someone wearing bluejeans and cowboy boots standing on a bench.
A small elephant curling its trunk with a branch in it following the big elephant.
A small elephant grabbing a stick with its trunk.
young man in glasses tapping glasses with a woman.
A man in the white t-shirt holding glass.
A black dog looking at a light brown dog.
A black dog facing a brown dog, both sitting in the snow.
This is a love seat sat on by two women.
Boat with many passengers, in the center of the river.
A two decker red boat that says River Prince Hull.
White van driving down a road nearest the curb.
Large white vehicle in front.
groom in white vest and red tie cutting wedding cake.
a man was smilling.
A giraffe bending down.
This is a giraffe helping their child.
a man in winter gear is waving at the camera.
man on skis in snow.
person in white t-shirt in background.
person in white shirt standing in back ground.
A brown teddy bear.
A brown teddy bear.
the umbrella on the left.
The umbrella to the left of the other umbrella.
a boy in palaying.
a boy playing baseball.
Elephant standing next to baby elephant.
adult elephant with a baby elephant.
vulture eating something.
A eagle eating a dead animal.
A child holding a white teddy bear.
The smaller girl holding a white teddy bear.
A smiling baby lamb at the bottom of the picture.
The baby animal in front.
girl number 23.
A girl in 23 number on her t shirt playing in the feild.
A person wearing a white and grey striped sweater.
A big brown couch with a white blanket as a cover.
Sofa with seats covered with white blanket.
A girl in a black and white dress playing tennis.
A girl wearing white and black getting ready to swing at the tennis ball.
a man wearing a watch.
A man holding his wife hands and jointly cutting the cake.
A cake with white frosting and blue berry toppings.
A blueberry cake next to a cut piece.
The yellow crosswalk sign under the street name tag.
A yellow lightup street sign.
Third zebra from the left.
A zebra with one zebra to its left and two zebras to its right.
Skateboarder behind bearded guy.
The person on the skateboard behind another person.
The side view of an airplane.
An old boat hidden behind bushes.
boat on left.
A white van behind the guy wearing a blue coat.
tall white van behind bike #3.
A person with a tattoo.
person in red and white shirt holding paper plate with pizza.
A man wearing glasses and holding a remote control.
The man standing on the right that is playing the video game.
The two zebras are standing next to each other.
Zebra closest to camera.
A yellow taxi that is standing behind the persons.
The yellow taxi visible behind the man in a gray jacket talking on a cell phone.
A woman with dark hair holding an umbrella.
An older lady wearing a multicolored neck kerchief and holding an umbrella while on a sidewalk.
an adult zebra standing behind a baby zebra.
zebra in the right top most corner of the bridge.
The shirt of a pizzeria worker.
An out of focus red plush looking thing.
The man wearing white shirt and tan shorts.
The middle red kite.
Orange, black, and yellow kite in the middle.
A stop light with a green number 3 and a green walking person illuminated.
a green walk  signal displaying the number 3.
A woman wearing a sleeveless gray shirt and a black skirt.
A lady standing in the middle holding a purse.
The girl with the darker colored tie-dye shirt.
girll on the right.
A red three-person couch, on the left side of the tea table.
The red couch on the left.
cut off face of giraffe licking woman's hand.
the giraffe in the front.
A man wearing glasses sitting on a couch reading.
Man with glasses sitting on a couch reading.
red shirt to the left of a suit case.
a red shirt.
A girl in a dress with a large belt.
A girl to the left of three other people.
Black and metal leather-look couch facing right.
black leather sofa.
Surgical scissors to the right of another pair of surgical scissors.
the scissors in between the other pair of scissors and the white cloth.
the third cow  from the front.
the guy in white shirt.
a young Asian boy in a white shirt.
driver's rearview mirror.
A left side view mirror with an inset fisheye mirror, both reflecting a dog.
the boy child that is sitting on the sofa.
A small blond child sitting and leaning back on a sofa.
the piece with sauce in the right side of the image.
The shallow white bowl with the halfway eaten food.
half eaten sausage.
a man attcks the camera with his skateboard.
The face and torso of the boy with skateboard.
A man in blue jeans standing behind the fence.
man standing behind fence.
A LARGE HEAD OF GREEN BROCOLLI.
brocolli.
A white stove with a man in a black jacket leaning on it.
white steel stove.
Girl with long hair and sunglasses sitting on a bench next to a guy.
a woman sitting on a bench.
A blue bus on the street next to a red one.
A two story teal and white bus with ads on the side.
A woman mainly wearing green.
A girl in a green jacket and plaid pants.
A horse with red wrapped around its legs carrying a rider holding a rope.
A horse that a man in a yellow hat is riding.
A gray couch with design.
Blue easy chair with cushioned armrests.
The zebra furthest right closest to the front.
The rightmost zebra.
A brown and white cow grazing in the grass.
brown cow grazing.
A man wearing glasses and a suit with a bowtie.
a man near a woman.
a man in white shorts and shirt holding a tennis racket.
A man with white color dress.
A lady with a name tag pouring  a bottle of wine.
YOUNG LADY READY TO SERVE THE WINE.
A brown and white dog wearing a black collar in a crate between two other dogs.
white dog in cage.
A woman with a purse and a white cap on walking in the snow.
woman on the right.
The left side door of a refridgerator sits below a table.
bottom white door left.
a nice sofa.
The empty two-thirds of a couch between its seated occupant and a large pet cage.
A part of a table near us beneath a plate of food.
Top of a wooded table holding a dish.
a bus was going on the road.
Bus with the number 3501.
A train on the right side of the red roofed building.
Three train cars on far-side of small building.
A bagel above another on a plate.
less eaten foot item.
A half empty bottle of olive oil.
bottle of olive oil.
A dark car with stripes on the side followed by a white van.
A black car amidst heavy traffic on the road.
the white freezer door of a refrigerator.
A tree in a large brown pot.
The umbrellas that are on the ground.
There is a large, beige umbrella toppled over.
A brocolli floret with a stem.
the piece of broccoli that has a very long stalk.
The giraffe that is next to the tree that has his neck and head under the giraffe next to him.
A giraffe putting its neck under the neck of another giraffe.
chair behind female.
A beige sofa.
the bowl the noodles ar in.
plate.
The person in the background is wearing a shirt with the Fila logo.
Person standing near green wall.
A gray table with ice cream, cake, and bowls on it.
A marble table that has items sitting on it.
A big green train in the station.
A red and green train sits on the tracks.
the blond lady eating salad.
An older woman in a black & white patterned shirt eating a salad.
two trucks hitched together in the front.
truck and trailor in front.
A Mickey Mouse figurine surrounded by vegetables.
mickey mouse in vegetables.
SMALL CHILD LAYING FLAT ON A BED.
Baby in bed.
A fake cloth cake with a woman smiling next to it.
A colorful, patterned diaper cake with a plush monkey on top.
A Speed Boat in Water.
The boat in front of us.
green vegetable in the middle.
A piece of green broccoli nearly touching the meat.
The traffic light on the left side of the picture.
light facing west.
dark brown muffin topped with cinnamon.
the pice of black cake.
Man in dark blue shirt getting ready to leap.
Man in purple on the ground preparing to jump.
the train on the far right in front of the others.
The side of a red RV that appears to be old.
A young man with a white button up playing frisbee.
A man about to throw a frisbee.
The refrigerator next to the black fridge and behind the guy.
A black and white zebra eating grass in a field.
One zebra closest to the camera.
two giraffe getting feed by girl in blue shirt.
a man holding a baby.
Man with glasses holding baby, looking at farm animals.
the man with his elbows on the table and his hands folded together.
A man sitting with his elbows on the table.
a chair pulled up to a table.
the rightmost chair.
A sandwich right of another.
sandwich half furthest to right.
The tallest giraffe.
The taller giraffe.
The seat the woman in black is in.
Chair behind woman.
The back chair, to the right of a window.
A blue Southwest airplane.
A mostly blue airplane with red on the bottom and on the tail.
Second animal from the left.
A baseball player at bat.
A man in white awaits a pitch.
glass stand in the left side of the image.
Tall rectangular vase with pink flowers in it.
The skateboard of the boy wearing red and white tennis shoes.
A skate board that is being used for tricks by a kid with red and white shoes.
a woman in black drinking from a cup.
A woman with brunette hair and a black shirt.
Chairback on the left side.
a dining room chair on the left hand side of the photo.
A SILVER COLOR CAR PARKING THE ROAD SIDE.
A white Ford Explorer with the hatch lifted.
A white car with the hatch opened up.
Woman playing tennis in pink skirt and white top.
a women playing tennis.
Fluffy tan cat laying on a wooden table.
A cat with 4 white paws laying on a table.
a sheep laying on its back.
A lamb lying down on it's side.
a hamburger.
The sandwich closest to the hand.
A blue bus parked in the middle of two other buses.
A blue bus in between two other blue buses.
a green couch next to a happy looking white dog.
light brown couch on left side of dog.
A hand with black nail polish resting on a pile of white plates.
A hand with black nail polish touches a stack of plates with a pizza on top.
A man in jeans and a black jacket skateboards around cones.
A skateboarder with a helmet, hoodie, jeans, weaving in and out of cones.
A young elephant in between two other elephants.
the elephant in the middle.
A blue vintage truck wih the hood open.
Blue car.
A black and silver laptop on a table.
The laptop in the foreground that the woman wearing a white skirt with blue flowers and pale blue top is sitting at. It has a black keyboard.
A MAN SITTING AND LOOKING BEHIND.
A man wearing spectacles looking back.
a brown bear.
THE BROWN TOY IS HOLDED BY A SMALL BOY.
the baby's back rest.
chair on which the baby is sitting.
yellow and black motorcycle.
A yellow and black dirt bike.
A white toaster oven.
A toaster oven.
the girl closest to camera.
The woman in the light colored shirt playing Wii.
First baseman Larish stretching to catch a ball.
A man wearing the number 19.
A man in a red shirt.
Man sitting down with red shirt.
A man with dark, curly hair.
A man sitting down holding a game controller.
A boy with blond hair and brown eyes eating pizza.
A blond haired brown eyed boy eats a slice of pizza.
a Empire wait to make a call on a pitch at a baseball game.
umpire.
Apple with green top.
An apple, equally green and red, next to a banana.
Grey laptop on wooden table.
The laptop near the woman's knees.
A man in thick yellow pants snowboarding on a mountain.
A snowboarder grinding down a rail.
The larger of two zebra.
A zebra eating some grass.
Brick planter box with wildflowers.
A flower bed surrounded by bricks.
A sandwich bun in which a small portion of it cut off.
the sandwhich on the right in the right hand picture.
The woman in the pink shirt.
A woman in red next to a man in green.
a couch.
white color couch in the image.
A pizza pie with three green leaves on pie.
A pizza on a white plate.
the man on the horse.
A rider on a horse wearing black t shirt.
The buffet-style trays behind the pizzas.
The hands holding the purple phone.
Green paddle boat,with a blue paddle hanging out of it.
A green kayak.
A french frie sitting on top of all the other french fries.
red double decker bus with large plain white sign with no writing.
The back of red bus parked.
A blue and grey umbrella.
a blue plaid umbrella sitting on the ground drying.
The girl in black stockings sitting on the right.
A woman's legs in tight gray pants.
Lady reaching for coffee mug.
the woman sitting on the right of the table.
The glass of red wine.
A glass of wine next to a dessert plate.
The device with red buttons not including the screen.
A black and red calculator is in the front.
apples in between yellow fruits.
A banana with a black spot at the end in a bowl of fruit.
The banana on top, towards the center.
A banana near a green fruit.
Tennis player in white shorts and white hat.
tennis player andy roddick taking a swing on hardcourts.
A BASEBALL PLAYER USING A BAT AND HITTING THE BALL.
the baseball player with the blue cap.
a woman wearing a red tshirt and blue jean shorts.
A large woman in red shirt and blue shorts standing in grass.
The flowers in the vase.
The vase of flowers on the table.
An apple sits under a bunch of grapes and beside a pile of kiwis, with another apple beneath it.
Apple next to the kiwi and in front of the grapes.
A baby elephant drinking water.
The elephant that is about to walk into the water for a drink.
A wooden chair to the left of another chair.
Brown chair to the left of another.
A chair on which a boy is sitting with a stripped shirt.
the chair the man on the left is sitting in.
the piece of pizza in front of the water glass.
slice of pizza closest to water glass.
A red chopper motorcycle holding a man and a woman.
Motorbike with two passengers.
The seat of a wooden chair at the bottom of the frame.
Couch facing the camera.
a brown couch to the left of another couch.
The third laptop image from the front of the picture.
third laptop in the row from the front.
A zebra standing directly behind the one in front.
zebra in middle.
A woman in pink on skiis.
Woman wearing pink jacket.
A tennis player in white clothes swinging a tennis racquet.
A man hitting a ball on a tennis court.
MICROVAVE OVEN WELL FITTED IN THE KITCHEN.
A white microwave mounted above a stove.
The small all brown horse.
BROWN COLOR KIT HORSE STANDING POSITION WITH FRIENDS.
lady holding steel spoon on the right hand.
a woman chef.
Green, mushroom-shaped planter for a plant.
A unique blue flower vase.
A white umbrella with a light blue and dark blue city skyline design, the word RAINN, and a hand written message on the white part.
A white and blue umbrella with a skyline on it and it says 'Rainn.
the piece of pizza to the left of the bottom piece of pizza.
A  picture of a pizza with no toppings or cheese on it with burnt crust.
Plain sauced pizza.
A man in a black helmet rides a motorcycle.
The person with the black helmet and white jacket, is riding a red motorcycle.
dog in the right side of the image.
The dog that is on the right.
The blades of a pair of black scissors.
the scissors to the far left.
A woman dressed all in black.
Woman wearing all black playing a video game.
tennis racket in the right photo.
tennis racquet in right photo.
The man wearing glasses is looking down.
A man with balding gray hair wearing glasses.
The man with an orange beard.
A man with an amazing beard, glasses, and a hat celebrating an Irish holiday.
A calf standing against a wall.
cow that is behind other.
The bear looking straight ahead, in the bottom right box.
bear on bottom right.
Blue and white train.
There is a blue mixed with white and yellow color train standing on the track.
a man wearing a white tshirt looking at a laptop.
A man is using a laptop.
The child is putting candles on a cake.
Girl in green removing blue candle.
Very juicy pieces of chicken laying gorgeously on top of spinach.
the entire picture of beef and brocoli.
a pair of giraffes standing next to a tree.
Two giraffes moving jonitly.
The chair with a bird on the arm.
A green chair with a black bird.
white dog on back of truck.
A white dog in the back of a truck.
A dark SUV next to an orange utility truck.
the Gray suv behind the blue car.
A chair that is farthest to the right from the others.
Far right red colored patterned chair at a table.
A man playing tennis reaching far back to serve.
The tennis player about to hit the ball.
Person sitting in the grass with their legs off to the side.
A woman sitting on the ground with tan pants.
a girl in black and pink.
Woman in pink top and black sweater.
The full body of a black cow with a white patch on his head.
The cow in the middle of the line.
A bus no.9.
A bus with 640 DYE on the license plate.
Man in a black shirt helping another man with his tie.
the man tying the other mans tie.
the girl behind the teddy.
the girl in the jean skirt in the background.
keyboard in lower right corner.
a man with black bags.
A guy in a blue jacket carrying wearing a green backpack.
EMPTY WINE TUMBLER WITH OUT WINE  SIDE POSITION OF THE EATING ONE LADY.
a woman with short hair and glasses.
An older woman, with short red hair and an apron.
a brown leather chair.
Man at table.
the man sitting in the back side and lookin on adys.
A small zebra eating grass next to a larger zebra.
The little zerbra on the left.
first left side  red color orange.
First unpeeled blood orange on the left.
A white and gray horse figurine.
white and gray pony in middle of cake.
A sandwich on a plate in front of a bowl of soup.
A man holding a baby in a harness.
The man holding a baby.
A girl in blue sleveless dress is giving food to brown horse.
A girl feeding a horse.
A man brushes his teeth with an electric toothbrush.
A man with perfect hair in a grey shirt brushing his teeth.
The crackers and deli meat.
cheese salami and crackers in a section.
A black flip phone sitting with 2 other phones and a camera on a table.
a flip phone sitting next to 3 smartphones.
The green cookie with brown filling.
FRUIT CAKE.
A small black laptop to the left of the table.
the laptop on the left.
The top of the small table next to the high chairs.
Man watching tv and looking on his laptop.
A man in a red shirt holding a laptop.
Big yellow dump truck parked next to a fence.
An entire big yellow truck.
A man in purple shirt at a winery.
Man wearing purple shirt, jeans and many beaded necklaces.
A Chihuahua sitting atop a bed.
A black and white dog sitting upright on a bed watching another dog.
A child wearing a red shirt.
a girl in a red shirt sitting between two boys.
A zebra on the far right grazing near some rocks.
The zebra on the right.
A pizza covered in spinach and slices of meat.
The flamingo on the left with its beak on its neck.
Flamingo on the left nearest to the person's hand.
A pink flamingo with in neck curved in a loop.
A bed covered in junk to the right if a girl.
The backpack the girl is carrying.
A black and gray backpack.
A man surfing over waves.
A man surfing on a green and yellow surfboard.
Bird in the background sitting on branches.
A dark brown bird standing behind another bird.
A giraffe faces the camera instead of its food.
A giraffe looking toward us.
A giraffe standing to the right of another giraffe.
A giraffe next to a shorter giraffe.
The suv closest to the camera.
A green van in the forefront of the shot, waiting for a sign to turn from STOP to SLOW.
person in the distance behind the young girl.
A red truck.
a red extended cab truck behind a yellow sign and a table with a blue umbrella on it.
A black umbrella which a manis carrying.
Black umbrella carried by the man in grey shirt.
The skier with the red jacket.
A woman in a pink jacket and skis.
couch facing piano.
Woman cyclist in bright jacket.
lady walking beside blue bike.
front computer monitor.
A broken computer screen in the trash.
a tan colored cat.
A yellow cat next to two dogs.
the chair immediately to the right of the sofa (from the viewer's perspective).
A brown chair to the right of the couch.
The man on the bench with the blue shirt and sweater on.
man wearing blue sweater.
Woman in a large white wedding dress and veil.
Bride cutting a wedding cake.
The cow.
The large four legged animal, which is also feeding its calf.
The front of a red passanger train.
red train.
The chair the cat is on.
cat under chair.
woman wearing green and brown dress.
the woman being touched by the elephant trunk.
A woman wearing a white shirt.
A surprised woman wearing glasses.
A leg with black pants and green shoes.
woman on couch with green shoes.
A bicyclist wearing white ankle socks and solid black shoes.
The second highest piece of food in the stack.
A man with headphones, blue sweater, blue jeans, a tennis racket in his right hand.
a person in a purple shirt wearing headphones.
A man in a striped shirt and black pants wearing a name tag.
A man with a beard and a name tag looking down at the clipboard.
A green, white and gray bus.
A white and green bus driving in front of the other bus.
The white pants of the Tennis Judge who is standing on the sidelines.
A tennis referee wearing white pants and a blue blazer.
baby elephant.
The smaller of the three elephants.
A seat situated to a woman's right.
A baseball player in White.
A man playing as wicket keeper in the feild.
a woman touching a lapop wearing a white tank top under a black shirt.
A WOMAN WITH BLACK SHIRT USING A SILVER LAPTOP.
A glass half full of beer with no logo visible, in front of a man in a striped shirt.
The glass of beer to the right of the basket of bread.
The kid in blue.
A young boy wearing blue color Tshirt and blue striped pants playing game in XBox.
A boy in a red t shirt and plaid pants eating a hot dog.
Man with glasses, wearing a red shirt and plaid shorts eating a hotdog.
adult.
woman standing in the back with hands on counter.
Airplane.
a black and white picture of a steel airplane.
A fresh whole Pizza with a tomato and pineapple slice on it.
A pizza with mixed topings.
plate with kork.
A fork next to a knife.
The first pony with light blue icing.
The blue candy horse.
The person holding the wii strap.
A man with black shoes.
The chair to the right of the cats.
The chair turned facing towards the camera.
A train in blue and white with 230 in it standing first.
The blue bullet train.
A bathroom sink close to a vase.
The sink on the right.
The front of a police motercycle next to another one, with a crowd standing behind.
the motorcycle partially obscured by the one in the front.
A bird facing towards the cat in the picture.
The bird that is farthest from the cat.
the man in gray.
The man standing with the grey shirt.
Long bench seat to the right of the table.
The part of the booth seat that is on the right.
Piece of bread on white decorated platter.
The piece of bread on the plate.
A man's face that is next to a man with a beard.
man on far left.
LIQUOR ON A GLASS.
wine glass on the right hand side of the pizza.
Goat looking to the left.
The ram is standing on top of the hill on a windy day among his two ram companions.
A boy playing a game on a black laptop computer.
The boy playing on the black laptop, also including the white laptop.
Blue motorcycle.
A sofa where girl is sitting.
Bed to the girl's right.
Half of a sandwich on the right side of the plate.
The right side of the sandwhich.
RED BUS WITH RHONDDA WRITTEN ON SIDE.
A red bus that says Rhondda on the side.
A skater looking at his phone.
a man was seeing in phon.
A passenger airplane with the word oneworld painted on the side on an airport runway.
The aeroplane in white colour from ONE WORLD operator, on the runway.
lady on right wearing pink floral dress.
WOMAN ON RIGHT.
Red truck with HAMAR on the front of it.
The red HAMAR truck.
The elephant on the right in the foreground.
The elephant that is standing on the right of the picture.
The dark brown bear on the left.
a bear playing the drums.
a white tow thing pulling an airplane.
A machine used to pull jet liners around the airport.
chair pushed under kitchen table.
A wooden chair that is under the left side of the table.
black rolling bag.
suitcase that man in grey shirt is holding.
An elderly man in a blue jacket is using two wii remote controls while sitting.
An elderly man being taught how to play the Nintendo Wii by a caretaker.
A brown box car on the track behind the engine.
A person in a white jumper.
A white puffy and striped sweater.
Tug boat moving down the river.
tug boat on water.
A colorful umbrella with red and orange.
An umberlla holding by a man who is wearing a cap.
A brown and white cow following another brown and white cow.
A small, brown, and white cow beside some others.
Half of a toasted sandwich with a bite taken out of the corner.
A unfinished piece of bread sandwich.
A WOMAN WEARING RED TOP AND PANT PLAYING.
The woman in the red shirt.
The sandwich in the middle.
the middle hotdog.
a kid sleeping with a green suit on.
Child that looks like they are sleeping.
A white surfboard being carried by a blond man.
White surf board being carried into the water by a man.
A blurry slice of pizza being removed from a whole pie.
The piece of pizza being held up by a person.
an umpire seated watching the tennis match.
A linesman watching tennis game.
A person wearing a tan shirt and shorts, standing near an elephant.
A zookeeper is dressed in uniform.
a full picture of a urinal with a pink filter in the bathroom.
A urinal with writing on in.
A man with a scarf and halfway through the hot dog vertically.
A man wearing a black coat and tan scarf holding a hot dog within a napkin.
The man is talking on the phone while riding the bus.
OLD MAN BAG &CELL.
Small piece of broccoli at the bottom of the photo.
piece of broccoli next to the cranberries.
A large bus on a city street.
A double-decker bus.
The adult arms handing the children the bowl.
two adult arms reaching out past bunches of bananas towards a child.
food on right.
the pizza on the right in the right hand picture.
Yellow flying machine.
The triangular yellow plane.
A man standing with a striped shirt on.
Person in white striped shirt.
The bac of the chair closest to the sandwich on the table.
Chair that is closest to the sandwich.
A glass bowl containing carrots and a spoon.
the food in round glass bowl.
The bicycle that is closest to the camera.
a bicycle behind the vehicle.
An orange cat that is sitting behind two other cats.
a wooden bench that is being sat on by two individuals in blue jeans and blue shirts and one person in a plaid shirt.
A bench that the people in blue are sitting on.
An Indian man in a blue shirt with beard stubble looking at his phone and smiling.
A man with curly black hair in a blue plaid shirt looking at a cell phone.
the lady standing with a blue bag.
A woman with a ponytail that is holding a blue backpack.
A zebra, within a group of at least 4 other zebras, facing left.
A zebra that is standing behind the zebra at front.
A plush bear with a paisley vest and feet.
teddy bear onfar left.
a batter preparing to swing the bat.
A baseball player about to swing a bat.
The zebra infront.
The closest zebra.
A blurry black and white image of a black horse walking behind other horses with her head held high.
A horse standing in water at a water body.
There is one women wearing black dress is holding a glass.
A woman with dark shirt and white pants sitting on a couch.
The horse to the right of the person.
BLACK HORSE IN THE RIGHT SIDE OF THE IMAGE.
a man in uniform leaning more forward on his horse.
A piece of bread with toppings on the upper right corner of aluminum foil.
The back piece of toast that is closest to the toaster and white plate.
A small table covered in several newspapers.
The table underneath the newspapers.
The women on the right under the umbrella.
A woman walking under an umbrella on the right.
a slice of kiwi next to the yellow teddy and below the kiwi with a carrot.
tennis player in bright blue shirt standing on left.
A grey haired tennis player wearing a sky blue shirt and no hat.
a white horse.
The white horse.
A white rectangle showing a computer program running, with two sidebars on the left.
An image at the bottom of a larger computer screen of an email client.
the sheep with its head up.
A sheep amidst 4 sheep that is not grazing, but has his head up.
headless horse.
Horse with a red and white saddle and a white sash with blue diamonds around its neck.
a person in a black jacket walking past the window.
person on right.
Long haired girl in red socks and white shirt.
two children at coffee table playing.
Two juvenile elephants walking.
A baby elephant hides behind another baby elephant.
A oversized leather chair near a bookshlef.
A brown leather sofa in a living room.
A wooden, light brown chair to the far left of the photo in front of the bowl of pineapple.
The white chair at the table.
The large black cow.
A larger bull with a smaller brown one in front of it.
A girrafe standing tall in front.
The giraffe standing upright.
Two girraffes standing behind a fence.
giraffe bending towards a smaller giraffe.
a baby indian elephant being tended by his mother.
The baby elephant to the right of its mother.
A man with red cote and wearing glasses.
A refree in the tennis court, judging the match.
the bench the guy is sitting on.
A blue dish containing baby carrots, green pepper strips, and a bowl of dip.
Small London bus on the floor.
Red color bus with the number 9 visible in the front.
the sky with the black slanted stripes.
The striped ski and the ski next to the purple sign.
A frisbee player who has sunglasses on holding the frisbee in the air while they lift their foot up.
A long-haired man in the process of throwing a frisbee.
The skateboarder doing the trick.
A man on a skateboard.
One out of four giraffes, facing away from the camera and behind a tree.
This is the giraffe that is second from the left.
A white plate which contains nut dish.
White round plate.
wooden table on which the food is placed.
brown wood table at which the lady is eating.
Girl dressed in pink holding hair dryer.
This big sister is drying her little sisters hair.
The pelican with its head sideways.
a clear bottle on the left of the table.
A bottle that is behind the glass that is filled with water.
A little girl wearing a black hat and blue shoes, holding a pink umbrella.
this girl is wearing blue shoes.
A toddler holding two hair brushes.
A little girl brushing her brothers hair.
A black horse white its front feet in the air.
A black horse with a black tail.
a guy in a black shirt and striped pants standing directly behind the batter.
A man in glasses waiting to bat.
An older woman sitting at the right side of the table smiles at the camera.
An older woman in a gray tank top.
A women in black and white top.
The woman wearing the white sweater and black and white top.
three men with camping gear in the back of a truck.
the back side of the truck.
slice of pizza consists of veggies.
Slice of pizzza with several toppings.
A bald man in all white leaning over a plate arranging food on it.
A first baseman for the Angles standing next to first base.
a man wearing a red hat.
A man wearing a bowtie.
A man with a dark suite and dark shoes standing romantically close to a lady in dark mini skirt and long heel sandles.
The wine glass closest to the forks.
the glass of wine between the two forks.
A wooden chair is displayed on the image.
A Brown chair in the Kitchen.
The yellow mug on the viewer's right.
a yellow mug of coffee to the right of cream.
Two men sitting outside together with one eating a hot dog.
a man is sitting along with another one and eating.
Middle zebra.
The zebra back in the bushes.
Woman in the middle.
A woman with a black shirt and jeans drinking a beer.
The elephant shown eating.
Elephant grasping leaves with its trunk.
Entire table in the foreground.
long table covered with red and white checkered tablecloth.
A man stretches his legs on a bench.
the first old man in the row from the front.
A boy wearing a blue outfit holding onto a post.
A boy with a blue helmet on.
An plane which is going to move.
A white plane with two large windows on top, with a spinning propeller that has red around the edges.
Traffic lights not above the bus.
A traffic light.
red handles.
Red scissors.
the broccoli on the top right of the plate.
brucoli vegetable.
The chair is placed next to the fireplace.
A dark brown leather chair.
A woman wearing a black over shirt and black jeans standing behind the fence and other people.
partial view of a woman wearing black and white.
An arm propped on the window ledge inside a car.
A vehicle driver's arm resting on the windowsill as he drives.
Giraffe putting head over fence.
farthest giraffe.
Two slices of orange at the top of the of the arrangement.
Orange slices at the top.
A man in a hat that is dancing.
The man with the thick beard and glasses, that looks like he's doing a silly dance.
the chair under the red coat.
A black chair with a red jacket draped on it.
The drinking glass to the woman's mouth.
The glass of wine in the woman's hand which she is sniffing.
Woman in a striped shirt waiting to ride her skateboard.
woman wearing a plaid shirt.
The white table.
A group of three glazed doughnuts on a white plate with a pink vase behind them.
A boat plane parked by the shore.
A white, black and red seaplane.
A silver Sony Ericsson phone.
The last traincar, closest to a stop sign.
The 3431 yellow train.
a white car on the left.
A white car with a square trunk.
A couch on the floor in front of a wall with no windows.
the couch that is between the tree and the end table.
man.
Man on couch using a phone.
A woman holding a cordless phone in her left hand.
a woman holding a remote control in a bathroom.
A man with a tan hat, brown shirt, and blue jeans using his cellphone.
A man in a brown shirt.
A bowl of white rice.
white rice.
Avocado chunks and several carrots.
A lunch box with carrot on middle and other vegetables on side.
A silver fork and spoon on a plate with rice and broccoli.
A metal fork sits on top of a spoon on a plate of food.
marble plant holder with green plant.
a flower pot on a ledge.
A dirty rear view mirror.
Mirror.
man wearing black cap.
guy in white.
A dark backpack on the back of a person in a green shirt.
the right sandwich in the right hand picture.
Sandwich with roast beef hanging from back.
The back of an elephant's head, rising out of the water.
The head of the elephant facing away.
A grey couch with a green tint.
the portion of the couch the person is sitting on who is wearing jeans and blue socks.
Woman in greey shirt, standing.
a woman with brown hair wearing a green jacket.
A green color flower vase on a table.
A flower vase closest to the edge of the table lengthwise.
The man.
the white man with a blue cap feeding the baby.
A grey Toyota SUV in a parking lot with a yellow front license plate.
A gray sport utility parked in the parking lot.
A picture of a child with a spoon in her mouth.
a baby eating from a spoon.
A giraffe angled toward the camera next to another standing broadside with its head near a fence.
Giraffee on right.
The backside of a red train.
A subway trained stopped at the station waiting on passangers to board it.
Tennis racket held by a woman playing tennis.
The tennis racket being held by the woman in the front.
An adult woman.
a woman in sunglasses sitting on a bench.
A wooden part of a table with a wine glass sitting on it.
A wooden part of a table with a wine glass sitting on it.
The bed closest to the open door.
Neatly made bed nearest to the pocket door.
empty chair.
Wooden chair without an occupant.
The hot dog nearest the napkin.
the hot dog in front.
Kid wearing a tie.
child in a tie.
This is a woman wearing a red and black pullover.
A woman wearing a black and red top holding a white frisbee.
Plane behind other.
The plane in the back of the full plane in view.
Image didnt load.
image.
Baby Brushing Teeth.
A naked child brushing it's teeth in front of a mirror.
a blue subway seat facing a pole.
blue train seat facing the camera.
Woman in green top.
the woman in the green shirt.
A microwave named pan'matic.
the oven on the bottom.
a male skateboarder.
A man in a heavy coat skateboarding.
A man in a suit.
Man in white and black standing holding knife with woman.
Man in white shirt and blue and blue checked vest.
an officer in a blue vest.
empty chair to left side of boy in blue.
The large pair of black scissors.
A BIG BLACK COLOR HOLDER SCISSOR WITH ANOTHER THREE.
a snowboarder wearing blue leading a group.
snowboard leading 2 others.
Middle zebra walking side by side of group.
the middle zebra in the right hand picture.
A clock on a pole.
A large street clock with white face and black hands.
A black car in front of a purple motorcycle.
Right side of black car.
An ugly green suitcase.
a bowl of carrots.
This food has an orange brown color.
A brown duck standing in water next facing the camera next to two larger ducks.
the duck that is closest to the photographer.
A piece of cake with purple filling to the left of another similar piece of cake.
The sandwich to the left that is a little bit behind the sandwich portion on the right.
A man wearing a hate with PUMA written on it.
A man in a black hooded sweatshirt wearing a puma hat.
A toddler getting his teeth brushed.
A little boy with blue eyes wearing a white shirt.
A bartender picking up a glass to make something for a person.
the bartender.
A panting dog with its tongue sticking out.
brown and white dog next to a book.
The glass candlestick furthest to the right.
The man in the white baseball shirt.
a man in a white baseball uniform and a black helmet.
black tray holding broccoli and other vegetables.
The black dish.
A man in a white shirt and glasses.
A man observing in a kitchen.
A group of motorcycles.
red motorbike.
A pot with chevron strips.
A large jar in front of another jar.
The boy on the far right.
The little boy who is wearing suspenders is patiently waiting for his bath.
The man sitting in the middle with the light colored hat.
A man sitting on the roadside bench with a white hat on his lap.
a giraffe on the left.
The giraff looking at the right.
Boat tied up at dock.
A white boat next to a dock.
uneaten part of sandwich on the upper left of plate.
Four burners on top of a large stove.
a stainless steel gas stove top with a pie.
A large slice of cheese pizza in front of the girl on the left.
Pizza on a plate in front of a girl in a green tank top.
A stack of books next to a cat.
The white book underneath the camera box.
The persons red shirt behind the boy.
Person wearing red behind little boy.
Woman with inquisitrive look holding plate of chocolate.
woman grabbing the plate.
a chicken burger.
doughnut with no hole in it.
The arm of the person to the right of the table.
A brown horse with light brown hair.
A brown horse looking over a fence.
The jeaned leg of the man behind the eating lady.
The leg of the person behind the woman.
Flowers near the light switch that are attached to the sheer curtain.
a pink flower with green leaves.
a table covered with news papers.
A brown table full of newspapers.
Person in brown slippers holding a yellow surfboard.
an arm grasping a yellow surfboard.
The face and head of a giraffe in an enclosure.
Giraffe face.
A white dog on a leash.
A white dog with a fluffy tail looks out a window standing on its hind legs.
taxi cab with his light on, on his roof.
A yellow cab in front of two cars about to be the first to go through a green light.
A bus with Union Station written on the digital sign on the top front of it with a car ad along the side.
uniqn station blue bus.
Backside of a sheep.
large sheep.
elephant leading another elephant across a dirt road.
An elephant crossing the path in front of a vehicle.
inside of car door behind cat.
the door of a car behind a cat.
A vendor sitting on a street corner selling umbrella hats.
Man sitting in the chair with a colorful hat on.
Person with the gray pants.
The right side of a person barely showing in the photo.
OFFICE CHAIR.
computer chair.
A man wearing a mustard yellow shirt next to his friend.
The man in a yellow tee shirt and grey shorts with a mustache.
The gentleman in a three piece suit with a walking stick.
A man in a grey suite and red tie holding a cane.
red chair.
A smiling woman holding a tray of desserts on her lap.
a lady in a black sweater.
man with clipboard.
a man holding a clipboard.
a brown cow looking at the camera.
cow facing camera.
The backside of a zebra with a black bird on top.
a zebras butt.
A white couch with beige pillows sits across from a fireplace.
A white couch with three cushions that is across from a fireplace.
Two zebras in the foreground looks towards the foreground.
Zebra looking at the camera man.
white couch farthest from window.
The couch behind the lamp with the clear pole.
A woman in a white shirt.
A woman in a white shirt with curly hair.
A parking meter with an arrow pointing left and downwards.
A parking meter with a yellow sticker.
A man with a gray collared shirt holding a computer on his lap.
the man looking at his computer.
woman eating soup.
woman.
black motorcycle with windshield and flag.
The motorcycle of the front most man on the right.
A pizza pie.
stuffed crust supreme pizza on a tin with a brown pizza cutter.
A shirtless skateboarder in the background.
a person with no shirt on riding a skateboard.
A person dressed in black next to a man's hat.
The person sitting behind the man on the phone holding a book.
a baseball player pitching.
A man wearing a baseball glove.
the green umbrella.
green flower umbrella.
The passenger side rear view mirror of a Mazda 3.
Car that is farthest away.
Woman standing on the right.
Woman in shades and denim jacket talking on a phone.
A WOMAN IN A JEAN JACKET TALKING ON THE PHONE.
The banana with the most of it's whole showing.
a banana beside other fruit.
Animal with rear end toward car.
buffalo to left of other buffalo.
man looking at phone.
man holding his soup.
A man with his tongue out staring at two pieces of pizza.
A guy with brown hair and a beard looking down while sticking his tongue out.
the person in black on the right of the girl with the computer in the right hand picture.
Person staring at the camera.
A person's hands.
A vase with blue liquid containing yellow and purple flowers.
A glass of flowers.
a woman with blonde ponytail in a grey shirt and black pants playing a video game.
A woman in a gray shirt playing Wii.
A small piece of pizza on a white plate.
A single piece of pizza in the middle of a white plate.
Asian man in white shirt and jeans sitting on couch.
A man in a white shirt.
brown horse.
A brown horse out in the grassy plains.
Girl holding a pie in the shape of a yellow bear.
The girl on the right holding the cake.
a woman sittinf in a wheelchair.
Woman in pink shirt sitting in wheelchair.
The broccoli under the other broccoli.
The small bit of broccoli that is pointing downwards, under the larger bit of broccoli.
the tennis raquet closest to the ball.
Tennis racket.
A blue chair being sat on by a child eating pizza.
chair.
A person's arm resting on the arm of a folding chair.
the arm that's only visible above the date numbers.
ELEPHANT ON TOP.
An elephant mounted on top of another elephant in a body of water.
A bowl full of broccoli.
A bowl of broccoli spears.
A red shirt person standing near the lady.
someone wearing a red tshirt on right side.
A large ship that has been brought to shore.
A zebra grazes partially off camera.
A small giraffe standing next to a pile of wood.
Giraffe standing near pile of logs.
the second commode from the left.
a toilet with no lid in between two others.
A woman seated on a bench reading a book propped on her purse.
A woman, sitting alone, reading a book.
man outdoors showing back with racquet.
A man holding a tennis racket with his shirt off.
A man in orange with a fanny pack feeds a baby elephant.
The man in the orange shirt.
A girl talking on her cell phone.
A woman with red sunglasses talking on the phone.
A man wearing glasses holding a glass.
a man wearing glasses holding a wine glass.
A green bird sitting on a banana.
the bird sitting on the bunch of banana.
A small airplane that is metal.
A small silver colored plane in front of a larger plane.
Man in a red apron.
A man in a red apron.
man wearing white shorts.
A man in white shorts wearing a shell necklace.
A zebra laying down behind two others.
A small zebra lays on the ground behind a larger zebra.
the reflection in the window.
The pepperoni pizza.
A pepperoni pizza.
A boy riding his scatting board with right leg raised.
A young girl in a blue shirt balancing on top of a tilted skateboard.
A small girl with a flower print jacket.
girl with pink jacket climbing hay.
Someone's shot of an elbow and wearing a white shirt.
The person that is mostly offscreen wearing a white shirt.
A green bowl of red apple slices.
A container of sliced apples.
A bunch of green bananas in the back of a car.
Bananas inside the car which are seen in more quantity.
A little girl posing to the photograph while she is having food.
small girl.
A giraffe giving a front side phose.
A giraffe walking toward us.
Man on the left with the red hat.
A young man with red ear warmers and navy coat and black pants standing holding a snow board .
a bumpy orange.
An orange is placed in two other oranges.
A small elephant with its trunk behind another elephant.
An elephant from the left kissing another elephant.
the grey chair on the left.
The chair facing towards the kitchen area.
The male in the middle.
a person standing behind a snowboarder with a blue jacket and black pants.
An older woman holding a black coffee mug standing in a kitchen next to an older man.
A lady with a mug in her hand next to a man with blue shirt.
An old man playing video games.
An old man looking at a television.
black car to the right of the taxi.
black car on the far right in traffic.
A woman in a black shirt and white skirt playing tennis.
A woman in a black tank top prepares to hit a tennis ball.
a pilot with a blue shirt.
A man in a blue shirt and black tie.
The luggage rack next to the dresser.
The luggage stand closet to the camera.
Foot and leg that's getting operated on.
Red shirted man.
The gentleman wearing a red shirt and light colored blue jeans, that is talking to the little girl in the green dress.
A half of a sandwich to the right of the other half.
right most sandwich.
the woman on the right holding the blow dryer.
A woman holding a blow dryer.
black bag behind the mans head.
Man in blue shirt and blue jeans with a game remote in his hand.
a man in a blue shirt.
A big bus with closest to the red booth.
a large white and blue bus next to another large bus on a street.
A blonde woman holding scissors.
Girl with blonde hair holding scissors.
A WOMAN IS WALKING CARRYING A BLACK HANDBAG.
a women walking on road side.
a blue chair.
A dark blue chair with a white cloth on one of the arms.
a sofa in room three people sitting on it.
The couch against the long wall.
A skateboarder dropping into a ramp, wearing blue.
a man skateboarding down the side of a ramp.
A person wearing purple, converse tennis shoes.
the woman in grey pants and purple shoes.
The bus directly behind the man in a black hoodie and khakis.
The green and yellow bus in front of the other green and yellow bus.
Man standing.
a man on a surfboard, paddling with his dog on the board.
a giraffe with its head in the sun.
The two giraffe standing up.
A potted plant near the woman's cup.
A plant that is next to the bench and to the right of the woman from the camera's perspective.
A giraffe, to the right of another giraffe, leaning forward toward a person.
Bent over giraffe to the right of other bent over giraffe.
A orange color cat.
An orange tabby cat laying on a blanket between two white cats.
A man drinking out of a wine glass.
A man wearing a black jacket drinking out of a glass.
Older woman in green shirt and green scarf.
Woman on left.
A man wearing a white, black and grey plaid shirt holding a toddler.
the man on the right.
the back of a grey television.
A large old style television monitor.
A man standing up, wearing white.
a man dressed in white standing up.
The moniter that has only blue streaks on it.
a computer screen on the right.
The woman standing with the orange shirt.
a kid in a orange shirt.
bloody shirt and tie on man.
A tie with blood.
Player sliding on ground.
a player fallng.
A woman in a yellow shirt.
A boy in a pale yellow shirt sitting on his moped.
A pan with a wooden spoon over the top.
A shallow skillet with a wooden spoon on top of it.
chair with bear.
A worn chair holding a teddy bear.
A red plane dangling from the ceiling.
The red Navy plane that is hanging from the ceiling.
a skier in an orange jacket.
A skiier with a backpack.
Brown goat with white spot on head.
The middle sized goat.
A large, mostly green, surfboard.
the green surf board behind the girl.
A bearded man in a cream sweater playing with two Nintendo Wii controllers in his hands.
Man holding wii remotes.
Women with her date watching planes taking off.
A woman in a sundress with brown hair looking out of a window at an airport.
A woman playing tennis on the right.
A smoking man in a black coat.
man with cigareete.
slice of pizza on far right.
A whole carrot cake covered in white frosting missing a few slices.
A CAKE CUT INTO PIECE.
a horse with a policeman on it.
the horse the officer is riding on.
A white BMW police vehice with blue and yellow decals.
A blue and green police car in the road.
The bear closest to the camera whose head is facing right.
A bear in the water behind a rock.
woman with blonde hair behind smiling man.
A long haired blonde woman standing behind a man.
Women in white vest getting donuts from box.
A woman in a white sweater with pink long sleeves.
Blue table the children are dining at.
A part of the blue restaurant table where the boys are seated.
A man wearing a baby blue shirt standing next to a yellow fire hydrant.
a bald man.
Bunch of bananas hanging in rope.
A man in a white hat leads a pony.
The man wearing the white hat and brown pants.
A red container near a girl in a suitcase.
Red trunket.
Car with passenger door open.
This is a silver car with an open door.
a zebra was eting in gras.
A man wearing a cap.
A man on a bus seat.
The laptop front of the man with glasses hanging around his neck.
A laptop almost covered in stickers.
A red pickup truck.
A maroon truck in the background of the picture.
the leg and tail of a elephant.
The hindquarters of the first elephant, the tail is being held by the trunk of the second.
A tennis coach giving an encouraging thumbs up.
man in yellow and red shirt.
the airplane on the right.
A man in a green jacket snowboarding.
Guy in checkered pants snowboarding.
A large elephant walking in the grass.
An elephant walking in the grass under a sign saying Go Slow.
Koala teddy bear dressed in a jacket.
the kola in the right hand picture.
gray car parked in grpund.
the middle car in the right hand picture.
A black chair against a red wall.
A black painted wooden chair with a high back is seen on the far side of the table, in front of some bananas.
the plate full of breakfast food.
a plate of food.
A design with cherries on top.
The elaborate and unusual pink object the costumed woman is holding in her hands.
A purple garden bench.
a purple bench.
A man wearing a blue suit and red tie shakes another mans hand.
A MAN WITH BLUE COLOUR COAT AND WITH RED COLOUR TIE SHACKING HANDS.
a microwave behind the blender.
a white microwave behind a blender.
A black and white cow laying down.
blurry pictures of animals.
A baseball player wearing light Blue.
baseball player in blue.
The umbrella with the wooden handle.
Handle of black umbrella that is in the garbage can.
the middle computer with green on it.
A screen with an image of a leaf.
A clock with a navy ring around it that is above another clock.
An instrument with many symbols, mostly blue.
A black duffle bag with an Oceanic tag on it and some clothes sticking out.
BLACK DUFFEL BAG ON GROUND.
Clear lid sitting on the table to the bottom left of the bowl of apples.
a clear bowl next to a metal tray.
A reddish pink motorcycle made by BMW.
A red BMW motorcycle.
A blue and yellow jet at the end of a group of four matching jets.
The rear plane of the Blue Angels flying in formation.
A woman wearing glasses and holding a wii controller.
little girl in brown sleeveless shirt.
A giraffe looking over a fence.
A giraffe looking over a fence.
The elephant walking beside the baby one is leading the other two.
large elephant on road.
A WOMAN WEARING A COAT.
The woman with brown hair and a grey jacket standing next to a man under a black umbrella.
The reflection of a cat looking at itself in the mirror.
The cat whose two eyes you can see.
female eatting pizza.
A woman eating like a food like pizza.
A white horse standing next to a brown horse.
A white calm looking horse standing near 2 black horses.
LAPTOP ON THE LEFT.
the computer display on the left.
A glass of water.
A glass of water on the table.
Man.
A ZOO TRAINER INTERACTING WITH 2 SMALL CHILDREN.
The floral blanket the woman is sitting on.
Tan comforter with flower pattern under girl.
A surfboard being carried by a woman.
A surfboard being held by a woman wearing a black skin suit.
The boy in the grey hoodie looking at phone.
Boy in gray sweatshirt.
A tall stuffed animal in a pink and white dress stands against a mirror.
A blonde colored teddy bear with a white dress and pink flowers in each ear.
A silver colored car behind a woman in black.
silver colour car in road.
A white limousine in the street, behind a girl.
The white limo.
Large red bow in middle.
a red bow sitting in the middle of a bed with other objects.
The white cup furthest from the avocados.
nearest coffee mug.
A greenish couch being sat on by a woman and two children.
A team mate on a baseball team standing in the dugout.
an empty bottle of wine.
A glass bottle of Basil Salt.
a horse going on road with black color.
Black horse with bridal and flowers being led down a street.
A man facing the camera wearing long jean shorts and an orange shirt with white, black and red details.
A man in an orange shirt stands behind a curly haired dog.
A man in red and black striped polo sitting at table with a woman.
A man wearing a stripped shirt.
A blue and black fountain with a red ball in the center and another red ball to the side, on a pedestal.
A black sculpture with a red ball on top, higher than the other sculptures.
animal in front.
A white sheep grazing the grass with other sheep in the background.
a white table.
an empty space of table above the tray.
a man holding 2 red star balloons standing next to a fire hydrant.
a man holding inflated stars by a fire hydrant.
man with squirt box on his head.
man with squirt box on his head.
white bowl full of corn.
The bowl that has corn on the cob.
A large white plane behind another with a white cross on a red background on the fin.
A white plane with text ETIHAD.
smaller horse.
A baby mule.
While we can only see his handswe know that the guy on the right is looking at his phone.
Passenger with hands on phone.
A red card beside horse.
A red car with a chocolate colored horse passing on it's left.
person.
a man wearing a red jacket.
A bat that is on the hand of a player who is wearing a white cap.
The racquet in the man's hand on the right.
A skier wearing an orange top.
a man in an orange coat going up a mountain on skis.
The elephant who is the lightest color.
The elephant to the front.
A houseplant inside of a window that has red petals.
red roses inside a vase in the house behind glass screen door sitting on a piano.
a guy in bed reading a book.
A person reading a book in bed.
A BLUE AND WHITE SKI BOAT OUT ON THE WATER.
A black boat with a black onboard motor.
A bag lined with an orange stripe.
The black object below the woman in the purple jacket.
A white maruti car.
a small car in traffic.
the black suitcase.
a black bag that is behind a white box.
full body picture of elephant.
The elephant standing furthest away from the rock whose whole side you can see.
A DARK COLOURED FLOWER POT WITH FLOWERS.
red vase.
A bear with two paws lon a log.
Bear on log.
A man with a red helmet riding a motorcycle.
A man riding a motorcycle in a black and blue leather outfit.
gray naval boat parked on far right.
The grey ship furthest right.
The table for food.
A table set with lots of things on it.
The woman in black holding the pizza.
two women holding and looking at pizza.
A toddler in gray pants and a striped shirt.
A boy wearing a striped shirt and gray pants.
A white microwave beneath a black microwave.
A white microwave rests on the table.
Elephant standing behind small elephant and near to the log.
An elephant standing behind a small elephant and a fallen tree.
The cow that is closest is standing rather still.
Cow that is facing to the right.
A large tote bag on a womans shoulder.
A large bag.
A woman with red hair in a ponytail and camo outfit playing with two children.
a red head woman in a military uniform.
The girl wearing the paper crown.
Little girl in a pink jacket and 'Party Time' paper crown.
black and white dog.
A black and white dog standing nearest to the door.
The wing of an airplane over a bus.
Top of a plane's wing.
The middle slice of a sandwich covered in white cheese.
This is the center of a sandwich covered in white cheese.
the giraffe bending over to eat the leaves.
a giraffe eats by another.
A cylindrical toilet in a dirty restroom between toilet paper and a urinal.
a completely cylindrical toilet.
The table being occupied by the man in red.
A wooden table with various drinks and other items on it.
The cow lying down.
a cow was sitting on grass.
The Polar Bear with his mouth open covers the other bear's face.
The polar bear on the right with his face visible.
The small fake banana.
A yellow banana.
An older smiling woman in a purple blouse.
A woman in a purple shirt and sunglasses laughing.
A white and black Triumph motorcycle on display.
black and white speed triumph super bike displayed in a launch expo.
Zebra cuddling another Zebra while a baby Zebra feeds.
A zebra with its head on the back of another zebra.
the big black and yellow truck.
A black and yellow Signal truck with black tires, and red rims.
A yellow train car with green stripes.
A yellow train with stairs sits next to other trains.
A man wearing white and blue shorts, reaching for a frisbee.
A MAN IS JUMPING ON THE GROUND WEARING BLACK SHOES.
A fully stuffed sandwich on the plate.
the left half of the sandwich.
The yellow and black suv in the middle next to the bus.
A toy hummer pulling a red trailer.
the baby in yellow.
A baby sitting down wearing a yellow shirt with a dog in front of her.
The man in the black sweatshirt holding the video camera.
A man holding a video camera.
1,000 Places to See Before You Die.
A book of 1000 Places To See Before You Die on the laptop.
the blue SUV on the left.
green car on left side.
base ball player ready to swing.
Man in white and red baseball uniform batting at plate.
Plant with narrow leaves in a pot.
A sign that says 'to the moon' and 'pabuccis restaurant'.
motocycle parked on road beside man walking.
Black motorcycle next to the person in orange.
a white dog laying down.
A spotted dog sits atop the back of a couch.
A person wearing jeans and standing in from of a laptop.
The visible half of the person wearing jeans.
small plain brown cups.
A bowl of vegetables fruit and chicken.
Healthy lunch of meat, vegetables, and fruit in a round, plastic container.
a bottle drink near to the pizza.
A wine bottle is on the table.
A small car with a license plate parked in front of a car with a woman posing.
The silver car behind the woman.
A zebra with its head down grazing.
A zebra eating grass on the ground.
A girl in a white dress with her mouth hanging open.
A lady in a white dress looking suprised with her bra showing.
white man white mustache in background playing tennis with white shirt and black shorts.
a man wearing a red cap and a white t-shirt.
The boy running with the frisbee.
A guy holding a frisbee.
A slice of white cheesecake complete with fruit on top.
a white dessert with a strawberry, kiwi, and a slice of peach on top.
couch back on left.
the couch with a guitar on it.
A person in white and black dress near the stove and looking to the stove.
A male chef looking at the stove.
Little girl with pink glasses standing next to an uncooked pizza being held by other women.
A girl wearing pink glasses, wearing a green shirt and standing in front of a group of 3 other girls.
A computer monitor sitting at the end of the bed.
A old computer monitor sitting on a blue bedspread.
a chaild was doing rush.
A baby with toothbrush in its mouth and being carried by its mother who is brushing her teeth.
A bench can be seen behind the man in the plaid hat between two trees.
TV Stand.
A checkered bowl.
The blurry dish behind the vegetable plate.
front and side of yellow school bus.
yellow colour bus moving first.
the giraffe on the very left that's sitting down.
a woman in orange dress smiling.
A woman in orange shirt who is standing behind all the other.
A MAN STANDING AND HOLING AN UMBRELLA.
A man wearing a blue and grey shirt holding an umbrella.
A white Dragonair plane.
A white airplane in front of other airplanes.
Person in a black shirt behind a tennis player.
A man in a black shirt and khaki pants, behind a tennis player in green shorts comically reaching for a ball.
A TENNIS PLAYER SERVING A BALL TO HIS COLLEAGUE WEARING WHITE T SHIRT AND BLACK COLOR TROUSER.
A person with a white headband, black shorts, and white shirt playing tennis.
A little girl wearing a dark blue jacket and a large baseball mitt on her right hand.
little girl with baseball mitt.
A man holding a bicycle.
A MAN IN A PLAID SHIRT AND SHORTS SMOKING.
A baseball player in a Giants jersey taking a practice swing.
a man was playing.
Sliced tomatoes in a blue container.
A blue container filled with tomato strips.
giraff closest to pipe outcropping.
A giraffe that is lower in the picture with its head on the rail.
Big dark brown buffalo walking between 2 smaller lighter brown buffalo.
the adult bison.
umbrella with teal.
An umberlla which is in the left side.
A blue checkered umbrella held by an elderly asian woman.
the blue umbrella.
The horse with the red halter.
A horse with a short and curly mane.
A tennis player wearing a green shirt, blue headband, and white sweatband.
The man wearing the Nike headband wristband.
An african guy with a grey shirt and 3 bracelets standing in front of a younger african man and to the left of a person wearing a blue flowered dress.
A person in a black shirt holding food.\.
A man in a blue jacket.
A man in a navy blue and white shirt with his covered guitar.
The chair that is propping up the mans feet.
A chair, on which man's legs rest.
A man weaing a yellow shirt.
a guy in a yellow shirt standing up standing wii.
Bowl of foodthe main dish.
a man with spiky hair, a tie and a green bottle.
A man holding a beer bottle.
A girl wearing Wild Cats T-shirt.
Little girl in baseball cap.
A man in a black jacket, reading a newspaper while sitting on his luggage in the subway.
the man reading.
The man in the dark vest.
The man in the barret looks for his luggage.
A blue motorcycle.
A Blue bike on the floor with no person on it .
A dog riding inside of luggage.
A small dog in a red coat.
The guy standing with a necklace on.
A man in a black shirt holding a yellow and red skateboard.
light pine headboard of bed with white pillows resting on it.
Two pillows on the bed in a boy's room.
The ship with the red bottom.
The red sail boat.
a man helping a boy brush his teeth.
A person in plaid brushing their kid's teeth.
A giraffe looking at something in the distance, swaying its tail to swat flies.
a giraffe walking off to the left.
United jet.
a united airlines jet.
dog next to bike's rear tire.
the dog near back wheel of bike.
A man with a neon green vest sitting on a motorcycle.
a man with black pants and shirt sitting on a motorcycle.
The white basin of a bathroom sink.
A WHITE COLOURED CONTAINER PLACED UNDER A TAP.
The skateboard with its wheels facing up toward the sky.
Yellow and black graphic print underneath the skateboard.
the left chair.
A black chair sitting on the left side of a bar height table.
The Orange at the top center of the picture.
An orange at the top of the plate above bananas.
SOME FOODS ON A CONTAINER.
plate in the center with eggs, sausage links and patties, bacon, and a cooked tomato slice.
The zebra with only one ear visible.
Zebra in the middle of the three other zebras.
A person wearing green and white shirt with red necktie.
The torso of the man in the green checked shirt.
A boy in a blue shirt with an umbrella.
The little blue holding the blue umbrella.
A woman in a purple top with a man in a white shirt.
the man in white shirt.
A black and white umbrella is being held by a couple and a toddler.
An umbrella which is holding by a kid and a man.
Woman wearing a read shirt and scarf.
A woman wearing a red shirt with a gold and white scarf.
The woman in the picture holding her arms out horizontally, second from the front.
Girl in with pink sweater wrapped around her waist.
a black cellphone next to 3 different cellphones. It is showing the reflection of the ceiling.
Dark phone with silver dial.
A baseball player sitting in the dugout.
A man in a white baseball uniform waiting in the dug out.
A man wearing a orange shirt.
A person sitting behind a coffee cup wearing an orange shirt.
A slice of pizza with green peppers, furthest away from the pasta.
the slice of pizza in the middle.
A little blond girl wearing a short white shirt crying.
blonde toddler crying in the bathroom.
girl in white shirt swinging racquet on right side of photograph.
A girl in a white shirt to the right of the same image.
An umpire behind the plate, watching for a ball or strike during a baseball game.
A baseball umpire.
A turkey walking behind the animal with horns laying down.
a turkey behind the cow.
man walking up the stairs.
Man in plaid jacket on stairs.
The long bench and its support with part of the man in the grayish black sweater.
A bench at a train stop with man sitting on it.
the small orange.
A shiny orange.
Person crouching.
BLURRED PHOTO OF PERSON IN BLUE JACKET.
The lamb that is in the front.
A baby sheep in front of another one.
Black tie with a white floral pinned to his suit.
Tux on the left with the white flower.
man withyellow shirt with a blue vest on top, black shorts with the number 79 playing soccer.
A man with white and orange t-shirt, black trousers playing football.
A person in a beige suit with a white scarf.
people on top elephant.
elephant with trunk down.
an elephant with small tusks.
The blue car.
A black car.
The bear with his head partially hidden.
a black bear crouched in front of another black bear.
A gray couch with a gray pillow with multicolors.
The edge of a couch with polka dotted pillows.
Two bananas hanging from a toilet paper holder.
banana with less black dots.
Half part pizza.
top half of the pizza.
A man on a skateboard.
this is a man riding a skateboard wearing a brown shirt.
A man in a red flannel shirt on the screen of the television.
The man on the tv in the red shirt.
A woman wearing sunglasses in a grey coat and jeans.
A woman wearing sun glasses riding a horse on the beach.
A baseball player who just threw a ball.
Player 12.
white chair.
A chair that a woman is sitting on.
black flag in the right side of the image.
black cloth hanging on right in the right hand picture.
the centre cubical of the box.
middle part of the lunch box.
A red doubledecker bus in front of the church.
Red double decker bus.
An open book with electronics on top of it.
A cluttered desk containing multiple cell phones on top of a text book.
a woman using a laptop with baby.
A woman holding a baby in a room.
a man in a white shirt.
a fat man take a small box.
A youth male soccer player with a black and white uniform and blue cleats on.
a soccer player with the sun in his eyes.
An elderly man wearing shorts standing next to the giraffe.
an elderly man.
a girl holding a donut.
The girl holding the donut.
The larger elephant.
bigger of the two elephants.
man in silver holding plate of veggies.
the gray and blue shirt.
The back of a young boy wearing a gray hoodie, blue pants, and black shoes doing a trick on a skateboard.
A man in a gray hoodie and blue jeans doing a trick on a skateboard.
part of a wooden pizza paddle.
cat on right side of window.
Cat perched to the right side of the screen.
Close up view of a brown horse or donkey's face, shown next to a gray horse or donkey that is slightly further away.
A brown horse in front of a fence.
A person with a red scarf.
woman with red.
A brown bear with a plaid ribbon.
The toy in light yellow color is looking nice.
packing box loaded ship.
A boat carrying crates of food.
A bird sitting on a branch higher up than the other bird.
AN EAGLE STANDING AND WATCHING LEFT SIDE BY THE FIRST POSITION.
A Zebra lying down in brown dirt.
The zebra in the foreground that is lying down.
A flat computer monitor with clouds background on the desktop.
A black computer screen with bright blue and white clouds next to another computer screen.
An small triangle-shaped piece of desert with a nut topping that has been cut off a larger wedge.
smaller piece of pie.
A white computer keyboard.
The glass with only part of the rim showing closest in the picture.
Empty glass next to a glass of juice and ice.
A large computer monitor with a white screen.
The whiter monitor.
A teenager with short hair and black glasses with a pink tooth brush in his mouth.
A bespectacled man hangs a toothbrush out of his mouth for a lighthearted selfie.
The man not in uniform.
White haired man not in uniform.
crab cake closest to the fork.
the lobster cake on the left.
person with blue jacket.
a person wearing a black jacket and plaid shorts nect to an elephant.
A big yellow apple that has a bruise on it.
A yellow apple balanced on top of two red apples.
A counter in a bathroom with a red basket sitting on it.
A white countertop in a small bathroom.
The large chair upon which the child is sitting.
a tall chair in which a baby sitting.
A batter wearing number 3 and the name Gload on his shirt.
A batter with the number 3 on his jersey.
A person with their hands on the chair backs.
red tshirt.
A motorcycle with a man sitting on it talking on the phone.
A motorcycle that has a man on the phone on it.
Yellow delivery van behind green trailer.
A yellow van behind the young man in the black t-shirt.
a man with black wrist watch standing behind other man.
Man walking in background with his hand in his pocket.
A slice of pizza with vegetables on it.
A slice of pizza with onions and zuchini.
A girl who is wearing a red half pant.
The girl wearing red shorts and jumping for the frisbee.
The airplane on the back left.
the large plane that says Southwest.
The top of the brown Ford SUV.
A black car behind a motercycle.
A black car parked next to a man with a motorbike.
man with yellow hard hat.
Construction worker with a yellow helmet, reflective safety jacket and pants.
Woman holding bat.
The persons legs.
a man wearing blck stripped pajama.
The cow in the foreground that is standing up and holding its head up. The cow is facing the camera.
a cow is standing in the field along with another cow.
Us army plane on the right.
airplane on right side of the picture.
A glass filled with an orange liquid.
Part of a glass of something peach colored and foggy.
The slice of pizza that is being lifted off of the sheet on the right.
The pizza slice being held.
STRAWBERRY PIECES IN A GREEN BOWL.
strawberries in bowl.
A black baseball player in the background.
the blurry baseball player.
left hand lamb.
side profiled sheep.
A man in a fedora near public transportation.
A young man in a fedora about to board a subway train.
the lower body of a man in jeans.
Plack pants and white pants.
The chair farther away from the armoire.
The chair on the right of the room.
A teddy bear between two other teddy bears.
A teddy bear sitting in-between two other teddy bears.
a man with a hungry face eating pizza.
soemone eating a pizza.
a black bicycle with a man in a red shirt sitting on it.
A white and red single propeller plane flying below a second plane further away.
The biggest airplane.
the man jumping highest.
a skateboarder just about to land after performing a trick.
An elephant facing a baby elephant.
A CAR IN THE FIRST PLACE NEAR BY A BOY PLAYING SKATING.
WHITE CARE CLOSEST TO BOY.
The biggest elephant.
The big and the little elephant together.
CHICKEN CURRY IN WHITE BOWL.
CHICKEN ALONG WITH GRAVY READY TO EAT ON THE TABLE.
A old man with specs combing a young little boy.
An elderly man combing a young boy's hair in a bathroom.
The white woman on the right.
white lady with phone.
The chair closest to the fireplace.
This is the left kite, in the hands of a woman.
An orange cellophane kite and hand holding a rope.
The adult elephant standing up.
One adult elephant standing while a younger elephant lies down in front.
man standing in front of  bus.
man with black shirt standing in front of bus.
An airplane with people getting on board.
An airplane being boarded.
a doughnut.
A donut with drizzle on it.
the complete face of a clock with roman numerals.
The large facing side of a clock depicting a time of 8:30.
The bicycle to the farthest left with a purse in the basket.
back of a bicycle with a basket.
fresh kale  on wooden tray with other veggies.
leafy green vegetable to the left of the yams and just below the broccolli.
A yellow train.
yellow and black train car.
The orange slice that is on top of another orange slice.
The orange slice in the middle.
A wooden dining chair holding a person wearing red.
The high backed chair with a person in a red t-shirt sitting in it.
A very fluffy sheep being held by a woman in a black and white phot.
baby sheep being heald by a woman in light top and skirt.
A red train with a yellow front.
the front of a yellow and red train.
The giraffe on the right.
giraffe that is directly under the tree.
dinning table with food.
a table with a lot of food.
the bike reflection in the mirror with white paint in its mud-guard.
Reflection of a bike with a white fender in the mirror.
cargo vehicle that delivers luggage to plane.
A small truck which is close to camera.
A man in a sports jersey.
Balding man sitting in chair playing a video game with black and blue jersey on.
a bride.
WOMAN ON THE RIGHT.
A clear glass vase.
The blurry face of the person to the right behind the controller.
face on right cutoff.
The framed mirror on the wall.
the mirror.
the sandwich to the most left of the picture.
Piece of toasted bread that is farthest to the left.
a giraffe that is leaning over eating some grass.
A giraffe with it's head in the plants.
chair.
A emty blue plate.
The edge of an empty blue plate.
A white cup with coffee or tea in it.
A cup of coffee sits on a platter near other dining items.
A two person table setting with two different pizzas.
pizza in front.
A woman holding a cell phone to her ear.
A blonde woman in a grey shirt holds a phone conversation at the dinner table.
Small white dog with black scarf standing in between two people.
The little dog has a bandanna around its neck.
A quilt on the bottom part of the bunk bed.
The bed upon which the people are sitting on.
A black and white cow standing on sand.
Large cow standing.
A clear vase with small bumps on it.
A flower vase is near with the vase with flowers.
microwave above counter.
A black microwave, standing over various foods.
a white and gray RV.
camper behind truck.
A large white truck with a red tank in its bed.
A truck with a white cab and a red tanker.
A wooden table.
coffee table.
A man wearing a gray helmet is skateboarding.
man in orange shirt.
White taxi driving past a man in a suit and navy and purple tie.
silver suv.
A giraffe to the left of another giraffe.
The giraffe whose entire legs are visible.
person sitting on a white horse.
A man riding a horse in the woods.
the flower pot on the left.
The plant on the back of the toilet seat above the handle.
Woman in white dress handling cake.
a woman in a white wedding dress about to cut cake.
A yellow and white tennis racket.
A yellow tennis racket being held by one finger.
A serving of fruits in a blue plastic container placed on a lunch tray.
TWO TYPES OF FRUITS ARE PLACED IN A SQUARE SHAPED CONTAINER.
A Samsung Display  on small table with many toys and next to another display of other brand with beautiful keyboard and mouse.
The man sitting at the bar with a wine glass in front of him.
A man is sitting at a bar.
A coffee table with papers and several other items on it in front of a chair.
table with pieces of paper on it.
white shaved head man in blue shirt with skull making funny face.
Man raising his middle finger.
An umpire in a blue shirt.
A MAN WEARING BLUE T-SHIRT KEEPING IN BASEBALL GAME.
Man in a white shirt with a red tie.
A man who is holding his tie.
A chair on which a young lady of black dress is sitting.
The woman wearing the yellow shirt.
Woman in a yellow tank top and black tennis squirt holding a tennis racket.
a person with the dog.
a woman sitting on sofa.
The bigger sheep.
The biggest animal.
An opened blue suitcase.
The blue suitcase the boys are sitting in.
The black Chevrolet vehicle that is located to behind the man and the woman watching the woman who is riding the motorcycle.
The truck that people are leaning on.
A man in a blue shirt.
A man jumped and catching the disc.
A man in white popping a wheelie on a motorcycle.
A man wearing a right shirt riding a motorcycle.
the only jet you can see all of.
The jet displaying full tail, cockpit and most of nose.
The man whipping the elephant.
man in camo.
a red bus with plate number 7106.
A bus with a red bumper and license plate number 7106.
the girl holding a riding crop wearing a light suit jacket and a tie.
The young child in a light colored jacket and tie stands next to the horse.
AN AIRPLANE WITH COLOMBIA WRITTEN ON THE SIDE OF IT.
The presidential plane of Columbia including stair case.
A tennis player wearing a collard shirt that is majority white with blue and yellow outline wearing blue shorts and a headband.
A tennis player is hitting the ball.
A woman in a hooded sweatshirt.
Lady in the back of a bakery with a white apron and light hooded shirt on.
A green motorcycle delineated GOR251.
The shiny green motorcycle.
A skier wearing an orange knit cap.
A guy skiing by wearing a orange color cap.
A man in a gray shirt looking at a cake.
Green truck on the road.
a green and yellow truck on very big tires!.
A park bench with a pigeon sitting on it.
Wood bench with a bird perched on the back of it.
A wooden table top with boxes on top.
A white table to the right of the spice rack.
a big teddy bear is hanging near another teddy bears.
white teddy bear with brown belly.
A woman with a white hat, blue top and black pants sitting on a bench covering her face with her right hand.
A women with blue color tops sitting with a round cap on her head.
A man in the background with a red shirt.
A man in an orange shirt behind a fence.
the box of crackers with pretzels in it.
A chocolate covered pretzel ontop of crackers.
The silver vase.
Tall grey vase.
A smiling man holding a black umbrella.
A dark umbrella head by a man.
brown leather chair back.
The brown leather chair.
standing zebra.
A zebra standing above a zebra on the ground.
A luggage bag with a black tag attached to it.
The luggage in the front to the slight left.
A man wearing a dark suit watching the tennis game.
The man in the back dressed in a suit.
blue chair to the left of girl in red shirt.
An empty blue chair next to a woman in a red shirt.
Vintage car painted school bus yellow.
The yellow Chevrolet in the foreground, the license plate reads YLO-56.
A brown dog running in the sand.
A small brown and white dog running in the dry sand.
A BOY PLAYING ICE SKATING WITH HIS COLLEAGUE.
Little boy in a brown jacket with a snow ball.
The rearend of the car that is parked by the stop sign.
A shiny, clean honda sits beside a stop sighn on the road.
armchair with yellow seat in the corner of the room.
A beige and brown chair is facing towards a bed in a hotel room.
The tail end of an elephant with something on it's back.
Elephant with people on it, but only the elephant not the seat or people.
Plane with blue stripe.
An Israel Airlines jet.
A potted plant next to a bench with a lady on it.
A pot holding a large green plant next to a bench with a couple sitting on it.
a greek vase displaying a sphynx.
A black vase with a winged creature on it.
A man in a hat on a skateboard.
A guy on a skateboard doing a jump.
A brown horse walking in the water.
A horse, closer to the photographer.
A few pieces of pizza on a paper plate.
Food on a plate.
A MAN DALL WEARING THE BLACK COLOR DRESS PEACE DESIGN TSHIRT.
A digital image of a male wearing a John Lennon tee shirt.
the black laptop on the right in the right hand picture.
Black laptop sitting on desk.
The motorcycle directly behind the yellow bicycle.
The motorcycle directly behind the bike.
The sandwich that the person taking the picture is holding.
a sandwich with a bite taken out closest to the camera.
Airplane that is taking off.
A Delta airplane.
the chair that the boy is sitting on.
arm chair with man sitting on arm of chair.
Right yellow street light sitting on street pole.
A couch with pillows that have green tassles on it.
hite couch facing the windows.
The chsir by the boy with the red soled shoes.
A white jacket.
blue clothing behind girl.
A metal fork to the left of other forks.
The left most fork on the bottom of the stack.
banana closest to the right side of right photo.
Banana to the right of the other banana.
A pedestrian walking by watching someone eat a doughnut.
man walking down the street.
the love seat that has no red pillow.
love seat sitting in living room.
An umpire in all black clothing standing behind a catcher in blue.
An umpire wearing a black shirt.
The food behind the sandwich.
The food on the plate with the sandwich pieces that is closest to the glass with pink liquid on the top left of the plate.
Man in a white shirt receiving help with his tie.
A man in a white shirt.
A flowered chair next to a table.
Embroidered chair on right.
A sheep standing in between two sheeps.
A boat with a yellow frame on the rightside of the dock.
the yellow boat behind the dock.
A young blonde woman wearing a pink bachelorette sash, cuts a cake.
A women in pink cutting cake.
The white casserole dish to the back right hand side of the stove.
A casserole in a white galss dish.
man in white outfit.
The man on the tennis court is pointing.
man in striped shirt.
A man wearing striped shirts with his back towards us.
A man playing Wii with sunglasses resting on the top of his head.
The man holding the wii remote controllers and sunglasses on his head.
One of the laptop for repair.
the laptop closest to the bottom of the photo.
a wooden table with plating and foods.
a restaurant table with two glasses, two plates of food and a basket of bread.
A man wearing a hat with blonde hair.
The person with blond hair wearing a white shirt and a black hat.
An old crt monitor displaying some tables placed above the tv.
A gray computer monitor with data pages displayed on the screen, sitting on top of a black tv.
Cake near wall in front of tissue box.
a cake in the table.
A green car following a London style bus on the road.
car running back of the bus.
The skier who is wearing the red shirt.
A skier in a red coat on a ski lift.
parked bicycle with red bin on the back.
The bike with the red container.
A man in a red shirt and shorts playing Wii.
A man in a red shirt and yellow shorts.
A man in a white shirt with a fan over his head.
A man in a yellow shirt that is sitting down with a fan type object on his head.
A baby with blue eyes, smiling while holding a half-eaten hamburger.
Young child holding a burger.
A large airplane wing.
WINGS OF AN AEROPLANE.
A baby zebra, which is standing in front of the mother zebra.
A cute little baby zebra.
a spotted goat leading.
on the table the cover sheet is red and white.
table cloth with checkered pattern on table.
coffee table.
A horse starring at the camera.
The horse facing the camera.
The horse is in black colour.
a black horse with a white marking between its eyes.
A small kid in blue.
A child playing with a bucket.
The person wearing the white shirt.
the upper chest and arm of a boy.
The black car with one tire showing.
Black car that is behind the green car.
A black tv on the right side of the room.
A television kept on the living room.
standing a man behind an amazing vehicle.
A man in blue jeans who is holding a book and looking at a black motorcycle.
A standing up black suitcase sitting next to a woman on the floor.
a black suitcase.
Torso of a sitting person wearing a blue shirt.
Person in blue shirt standing near cake.
a mint greet chair sitting on an angle with a red accent wall.
A green padded chair in a living room.
A trianguar vase that is white with lines in the pattern.
shortest white vase.
a white sheep.
A sheep without fur.
The crib that the kid is in.
the crib the baby is in.
the chair top in the foreground.
the empty chair in front of the table.
A boy next to a statue.
A young caucasian boy in a green shirt and white pants posing next to a statue.
A crystal-clear water glass that is empty sitting on the counter next to pizza with an egg on it.
a wine glass next to a pizza.
The chocolate to the bottom right of all other chocolates.
A chocolate truffle in the bottom right corner.
Person in striped shirt.
a man wearing a striped polo shirt.
A chair that is behind the laptop.
the first rectangular table from the front.
a square table.
Glazed donut that is in full view.
A donut propped up on another donut.
A man in a light gray shirt and glasses holding wires and cords in front of his face while smiling.
A man holding electronics, smiling at the camera.
The man in the uniform with his shoulder pointing toward the camera.
A pilot with his arms behind his back and faces rightward.
A giraffe that is facing the tree.
Giraffe which is near the tree.
Two giraffes leaning over a fence next to a woman in a red shirt and white hat.
Two giraffe heads with one of them with its tongue out.
A white four door car parked next to the yellow roofed pay here spot.
white car.
a red and white double decker sight seeing bus.
A red double decker tour bus on a city street.
brown chair at the table.
A red chair with spines next to a table.
A man wearing a green short sleeved shirt.
a man in a green shirt staring at his open laptop.
A woman in a red dress eating a slice of pizza.
The woman in red.
screen with three windows up.
A coumputer screen.
the third motorcycle from the front of the line.
A seagull is perched on a wooden pole near a pier.
a blue bird standing on a pole in water.
blue plaid blanket under bear.
Bedspread is under the teddy bear.
an unbitten half of a beef sandwich.
An unbitten half of a meat sandwich on a plate.
A woman with her arm around a man.
People hugging.
The smallest bus that is gray.
small tan bus on right.
carrots in bowl.
Person recording skate boarder.
A young man in a red shirt taking a photo.
Batter with orange numbers on his jersey.
The man holding the bat.
a serving table in front of a man with white t-shirt.
an adult zebra behind a baby zebra.
The larger zebra to the right.
a man drinking beer.
A MAN HOLDING BEER BOTTLE AND SITTING IN SOFA.
A man securing his snowboard latches.
Man.
plate with toppings that two hands are reaching into.
A beige plate full of vegetables.
The giraffe facing the camera.
The giraffe that is standing on the path way.
A car seen right next to the guy with blue jeans.
white color car in left most side.
A young boy in a striped shirt.
A very happy child sits beside his father.
The out of focus person to the right of the boy.
Woman with blue shirt and dark hair.
A green bike with a green basket attached to the front.
green bike and cart.
A woman in a black and brown fur coat.
the lady with the red pants and fur hood.
the hotdo on the right.
A black and white cat.
Cat looking through the window inside a restaurant with a man sitting at a dining table.
A white moving truck that is empty.
A bowl with cat food in it.
A green boawl with dry cat food in it.
A child in a green shirt playing tee-ball.
The boy up to bat.
a surfer in white trunks.
A black horse is behind the zebra.
A zebra standing in the shade.
smaller zebra standing behind another zebra.
Dirty Light brown zebra leaning over to eat grass.
a child giving food animals.
A small boy wearing a blue shirt who is feeding sheep.
Two slices of banana on top of the pie.
Sliced bananas on top of pie.
The part of the chair seen behind the coffee and the cake piece near the table.
Chairback of empty chair at table.
The girl on the grass.
A young girl sitting on the grass.
Selection of Thanksgiving casseroles.
A doughnut without a hole sitting below a light colored doughnut with a hole.
A small donut, with no whole and a lot of powdered sugar.
A woman in a black and blue stripped shirt holding a baby.
A woman holding a newborn baby.
Skier in red parka.
Man in red jacket.
A man with spiky hair and a pink button down shirt.
a man in a black suit, standing next to a bald man.
A couple poses in the rear view mirror for a selfie.
man with camera.
The man holding the white surfboard.
A man wearing a hat while on a bike.
A brown horse on the left next to another horse.
The horse behind the white faced horse.
Skinny teenager skating down rail.
A person skateboarding.
A full pizza on a white plate on a table with a rolled napkin on the right of it.
a large cheese pizza.
The broccoli floret on the left, partially out of frame.
a red tan and blue train.
a train in the station with red and yellow markings.
the black car with the california license plate.
The black parked car.
A pink and white color sleeping teddy bear.
A pink color fur doll is kept in front of the certificate.
The elephant that can be seen.
An elephant stands, mouth open, facing the openings in a fence.
A pitcher wearing a black jersey just pitched the ball.
pitcher following through after pitch.
the soccer player with 13 on his black jersey.
A soccer player in black attempts to thread the ball between two opposing defenders wearing white.
The girl that is taller holding the little girl.
a woman in a green sweater holding a child.
A glazed doughnut topped with tan icing in a pattern.
A donut with brown swirls in top.
A empty black seat on a train.
A empty black chair on a train.
A chair which cushion is maroon.
Chair with red seat cover next to a table with white clock.
A tree behind a man on a bench.
the boy on the right.
The taller boy is embracing the shorter boy.
A person in a b lack shirt and cap helping a man off a horse.
The man in dark blue facing away.
Row of books on the bottom shelf of a bookcase.
A book shelf in the background.
A woman shorter than her peer.
A woman with medium brown hair holding up a tray of donuts.
A blurry hand with an index finger and thumb visible.
The blurry hand with no watch on it.
Train car next to round opening.
A train halting left side of another train on the rails.
A bottle of wine sitting next to the table.
bottle of wine on table.
Dirty skate board.
A skateboard being ridden.
the right busin the right hand picture.
Bus with no door visible.
white tablecloth under the giant cake.
table which upside a cake.
A young man wearing a white shirt, sticking out his tongue.
A MAN SHOWING HIS TONGUE AND OPERATING LAPTOP.
focusing cookies.
an in focus piece of bread.
a woman in white pants.
A woman in white pants and brown shoes with brown bag looking at a book.
a jean clad leg, sporting a black stripped grey shoe.
A man in blue jeans and shoes standing next to a snowboard.
A giraffe standing behind two sitting giraffes.
A standing giraffe.
A bowl of blue and white m&ms.
Dish of multiple shades of blue M&M's.
A green bottle of water with a red cap, a partially drank glass of wine and a woman with a red pen writing.
The Zebra on the right closest to the wall and grass that you can only see half of his body.
The zebra on the viewer's right side.
A woman wearing an orange shirt.
A woman in red dress.
Open sandwich in the middle.
A monk is leading a line of other monks.
the man going in the front of the line.
A bench with a woman on it.
Bench being occupied by a person.
A giraffe having cookies given by a man.
The giraffe getting fed.
The broccoli on the left center of picture.
The piece of broccoli that is in focus.
corner seen on the bed on right.
The bed that is least visible.
black open oven.
Opened door of a black oven.
The seat with the male sitting in it.
A patterned seat with a man sitting on it.
An orange umbrella.
a orang umbrella.
The bed near the elbow of the girl in green shorts.
bunkbed on the right.
This is a slice of chocolate pie.
melted icecream on piece of cake.
A young boy eats doughnuts with his father.
A child in a brown shirt with 2 fingers in his mouth.
The shadowy figure of a giraffe looking down.
the animal crackers and cookie.
Skier in blue outfit.
SKIER IN BLUE SNOW SUIT.
The picnic table on the left in front of the horse.
The table nearest the horse.
this is the reflection of the woman smiling.
The girl's reflection image can be seen in the mirror as she eats.
this is a wooden table behind the girl.
The round wood table behind the witch.
the giraffe to the left of another giraffe.
The giraffe on the left.
The exterior of a black and purple suitcase.
The flower on the table.
A green blurry object that resembles a tree behind the main course.
one man is taking pizza with wearing glass and brown tea shirt.
The man sitting in front of the empty plate.
brown color horse without rider.
A brown horse.
The man with the hat on.
A man wearing a cowboy hat, holding a floral print suitcase.
rear most elephant.
The decorated elephant that is second in the line.
SMALL GIRAFEE BY BULL STARING AHEAD.
A brown and white giraffe next to a bull.
Soup that is below the cucumbers.
A white soup bowl filled with soup and various vegetables and tofu.
The container or vase holding the tallest plant.
the right most vase.
A hand pressing buttons on a red Nokia phone.
hand of a person holding mobile phone.
The bag carried by the man in the green shirt.
Skateboard with stickers and writing on the back being held upright.
the board with something written on the hand of a man.
The gentleman sitting in the rocking chair with the white upholstery on it.
A man and a woman sitting in a living room, looking bored with the situation.
The giraffe by itself facing into the bush.
The giraffe on the end looking backwards.
A white van with tinted windows.
white car on the road.
A cheese pizza on a white plate in front of a bottle of alcohol.
traffic police bike on the road with helmet on the handle.
A police bike behind the car without policemen on it.
Blue bow tie.
The solid blue velvet bow tie.
man with the guitar.
A guitarist holding a skateboard deck.
The surfer riding the wave.
man on yellow surf board.
Silver truck with tool box.
There is a truck placed in front.
An elephant , whose only a part of its backside is visible.
An elephant with its butt towards the camera.
OPENNING THE DELL LAPTOP IN SILVER COLOR AND CHARGING.
silver laptop.
A yellow train on the right side of the platform.
Yellow train parked on platform four.
The fruit in the basket.
A basket with red and green fruit in it.
Young lady waiting and talking to two men at the bus statoin.
a woman in a black skirt and tan shirt.
man wearing yellow gloves.
a man wearing yellow golves.
A boy in a white shirt holding a skateboard.
The person standing holding a skateboard.
A cat laying on a window sill.
black cat laying on the left.
the giraffe in the background.
The giraffe behind a another giraffe.
A man holding a knife and cutting the head off an animal.
the man.
The horse to the far left.
a boy was rideing the horse.
a women wearing the black colour dress.
Am old woman with black top and black cap.
A man with yellow backpack.
A man on skis wearing a red head covering.
A man in a black and white shirt with brown shorts is standing next to an elephant.
A young man in shortd holding a long stick petting a young elephant.
the person wear red color shirt and black color pant and standing in ice for riding.
A man in a red coat on skis.
A man on a cell phone.
The male on the cell phone under the 'wingfest' poster.
The bench of the elderly man with the cap on and head down.
the bench closest to the camera with one person sitting on it.
right ski of the man.
right ski.
A person in a white tee shirt walks through the rain in front of a woman with a yellow umbrella.
A man without an umbrella walks with 3 ladies who all have umbrellas.
Girl in red shirt waits to pet sheep.
A woman wearing a red shirt and a red hat.
Peeled potatoes sit in a pot of water.
metal bowl of white parsnips.
Woman with gold necklace sitting behind little birthday girl.
A WOMAN STANDING NEAR TO A GIRL.
Slice of pizza in the middle of the other two slices on the back side of the pan.
a slice of cheese pizza between two other slices.
The monitor for the Apple brand computer. It is to the left of the other computer monitor.
An Apple computer.
A man standing alone, holding long skis.
The man is holding a pair of skis.
black cell phone on the left.
Verizon LG phone on top of a table.
An older man with a blue and white shirt, blue pants, walking.
an old man walking on the road.
The guy wearing a backward hat.
man on right.
The parking meter had not yet expired.
The parking meter.
a macbook pro.
Sceen on laptop.
A woman at a picnic licking her thumb.
A lady licking her thumb while someone is handing her a banana in a hotdog bun.
The left-most slice of pizza and nearby parsley.
The white bowl on the left.
An orange soup next to a glass of beer.
A person crouched to catch the ball.
A catcher with his hand outstretched waiting for the pitch.
Boy in a white t-shirt skateboarding.
Boy on skateboard.
Red fruit pure in a pink container.
Apple sauce.
young man wearing green baseball cap playing Frisbee with his friends.
A man in a blue shirt and green hat jumps up in the air.
A single seater sofa near the cupboard in the living room.
the red armchair closest to the white cabinet.
The reflection of a woman in the mirror giving the finger.
A GIRL TAKING SELF PHOTO.
a women was seeing cell phone.
a woman in a brown shirt looking at her phone.
the man who is on the yelling horse.
A man in green sweater.
top of two tomato sandwich wedges.
A piece of a breakfast sandwhich on a plate.
The horse on the left.
A donut to the right of two other donuts.
Large elephant walking on the right side of a baby elephant.
The elephant next to the baby elephant.
The bicycle being ridden by the man.
A bicycle being used by a man.
the blonde girls head.
blonde hair with small green hairtie.
A pizza tray holding a pizza in the air.
A pizza on a silver stand.
a white dog.
A black and white dog cuddled next to a kitten.
green motorcycle.
An older green motorcycle with the headlight turned on.
The brown couch has a brown foot rest with a little boy sitting on it.
 of couch beside boy.
the vacant red chair.
Red leather chair.
A blue and white striped umbrella that is shading a baby on a blanket.
A beach umbrella that is blue and white stripes sheltering a baby.
wooden chair in the left side of the image.
the seat of the wooden chair on the left.
giraff eating from tree.
A Giraffe eating green plant.
man in straw hat on the phone.
the man with the hat on.
A white computer monitor that is in use.
a flat screen computer screen on a desk.
A barstoolwith a yellow plaid seat.
a train which is on the right hand corner.
Train under rooftop.
An orange sitting next to an Apple some lemons and banana.
The orange under the banana.
a pair of tweezers opening skin.
the tool to the upper right holding skin open.
the couch behind the blonde girl.
A brown chair behind a girl.
The man with the tan shirt and white hat.
Man in white polo shirt sitting on the left side of a bench.
A table above which the lamp is kept.
the table on the back of the boy.
car being towed.
A black car being towed.
A racket with a blue handle.
right photol; the blue and silver racket.
a couch behind 2 people playing Wii.
part of a bed behind two men who were watching tv.
The bottom half of a sandwich with a piece of fish and vegetables on top.
A piece of bruschetta.
a guy in a pink shirt skateboarding.
A PERSON IN A PINK SHIRT ON A SKATEBOARD.
The front of a beat-up red and yellow bus.
The red front of a bus.
a boy in blue.
the boy crouched down.
Dark brown pony.
The darkest brown horse.
A man wearing a maroon jacket and jeans holding a game controller.
man in red jacket.
The man wearing shorts.
A man wearing a gray and orange backpack standing near a train.
A horse at the end of a line of horses.
woman on horse last in line.
a glass of cold liquid.
Fron wine glass with gold drink inside.
the male adult.
Man and his son standing in the freezer.
Gray, blue, yellow bus driving by with the number 166 on the side.
That is a bus in front, with another one in the back.
A lap top that a  man is using.
a silver laptop being used by a man.
glass bottle in the image.
the empty vinegar bottle.
the animal that is standing behind another animal and the round thing.
The cow in the middle of the other two.
ALL THE APPLES AN ORANGES IN BOWL.
It is a single sitting chair.
the bed with blue striped pants on it.
a slim white bed in front of two other beds.
Ballplayer on far right.
a man wearing a baseball outfit crouching to the right of a man who is squatting.
Man wearing a red and white t-shirt, carrying a blue and white cooler to load in a mini van.
AN OLDER MAN IN A PINK STRIPED SHIRT.
Half a sandwich sitting on the right side of a plate.
sandwich half to right.
Giraffe in middle.
The brown and white giraffe that is standing next to the black and white giraffe.
a black motercycle.
black motorcycle to right.
A hand without a sleeve grabs a donut on the bitten side.
a hand holding the bitten end of a doughnut.
A woman standing under an 'Obama' sign.
a woman with large pants on with blue hair.
Restaurant table pink cloth and a table.
the middle horse in the group.
A polo horse carrying a man between two opposing players.
A baby with long hair.
A baby girl brushes her teeth with a pink and yellow tooth brush.
A red motorbike on the lawn.
This is a motorcycle that says CSJ231 on the wheel.
A giraffe to the right of another giraffe looking up at the tree.
The first giraffe to the right.
A felt carrot, on the right in a group of three felt carrots.
A man in a black outfit.
a man in a dark sweatshirt and dark hat.
hand that is pouring wine.
A hand puring a glass of wine.
A woman walking down the street.
A woman in a white shirt.
A man leaning out of a truck facing the camera.
The laptop the boys in black and blue are using.
The laptop used by two Asian boys.
The boy in a white shirt.
A boy with long hair wearing a white shirt and holding a game controller.
A black man wearing a suit and tie.
A young man in a dark suit looks expressionless into the camera as another man to his right proudly displays his colorful tie.
A man sitting on a bench.
A man about to kiss a girl.
a man wearing blue jeans.
The guy on the left making sarcastic and funny faces for the photo.
Half of the pizza in the photo is blurred.
The half part of the food item holding a man in front of the camera.
the bench the couple is sitting on in the right hand picture.
a bench which is occupied by the couple.
second board from left.
The french flag board, next to the american flag board.
The woman in the black shirt.
A woman in black is looking at something.
the cow number in the ear is5429.
A brown cow with both its ears tagged.
The back end of a baby cow and a man's back is partly in the box.
The cows butt that is right behind the man in the striped shirt.
A green neck tie with two black stripes.
A green necktie.
the man on the black skateboard.
The boy on the skateboard is jumping.
the umbrella in the middle.
a orange colour umberrla.
A donut with brown frosting and two bites taken.
A partially eaten chocolate frosted donut.
The green armchair under the picture hanging on the wall.
A gray couch near the lamp.
The larger of the two elephants.
A elephant walking while the other elephant going away.
A bench next to a green suitcase.
A male on a skateboard.
A BOY IN A STRIPED SWEATER SKATEBOARDING ON A RAMP.
A girl in a grey sweatshirt tossing a frisbee.
a girl wearing glasses throwing a red freesbie.
A black tie with dots on it.
A black tie with circles.
a brown jacket stuffed into the handbag, which is draped on the person's arm.
The purple coat hanging out of the bag on he man's arm.
the 3 left pieces of carrot in the right hand picture.
A man with a black head wrap talking on a phone in a blue car.
Man in a car talking on a cellphone.
the side of a mule.
A brown and white horse is at the front of a coach.
left most bottle.
The face and head of a horse in the foreground with a white spot on its forehead.
The horse on the boy's left side, closest to the camera.
The car next to the lady on the bike.
a silver car driving next to a woman on a bike.
The man about to catch the ball.
A man catching a baseball.
A young boy with a red and gray jacket skateboarding.
A boy wearing a gray and red jacket, jeans and riding a skateboard.
A grey haired lady behind the bride.
old woman.
dining table.
a table with a striped blue, white, and green table cloth.
Man with blue pajama pants.
The man in blue.
elbow behind blender.
A cat wearing a neck tie.
a white colour cat wearing the tie.
A woman with glasses holding a wii remote.
The girl with glasses is playing video games.
The sofa.
A green three person couch with three pillows on it.
a vintage red pickup.
An antique red Ford pickup truck.
A young woman in a blue t-shirt and shorts holding a large black suitcase.
The woman with long, curly auburn hair wearing a blue t-shirt and denim shorts.
A boat with a red railing.
A small ship next to the big ship called wessels.
A man in a grey shirt.
man in grey shirt playing video game.
Cell phone whose screen has mountains on it.
phone on top right.
The shirt of the person on the left with strawberries and half a sandwhich made.
A man with a gray shirt eating.
A young elephant behind a woman in a blue shirt.
baby elephant.
zebra that does not have a red thing in his mouth.
A zebra swinging its tail to the left.
A metal bowl with dough in it.
A man in gray sweater and pants.
elderly man in grey shirt and pants standing.
Broccoli and cooked rice on a plate.
broccoli.
A wooden chair to the left of a cat on a table.
A wooden chair that is on the left and is behind the cat on the table.
The man wearing a green shirt and glasses.
A man in a green shirt playing frisbee with other people.
a man in a black shirt playing wii.
a man in black playing wii.
A granite counter top on a kitchen island.
Granite counter top kitchen island with stools in front.
A WHITE COLOR CAKE IN THE LARGE WHITE BOWL.
A custard colored substance with white sprinkle topping.
A woman in a striped shirt.
woman cashier.
The uncovered part of the table.
the table on which the plates are their.
sheep closest to red fence.
The back of the macbook pro next to the cup.
A white coffee mug.
A white cup on a table.
Bunk bed directly behind kids.
double decker bed behind the people.
blue volkswagon car.
A blue car.
A dark green umbrella being held by a woman in baby blue.
A green umbrella holded by a lady.
a man with cream & black colored shirt and short trousers walking behind a police man.
a guy wearing a short sleeve shirt with an interesting design.
a woman.
A woman looking down.
The girl in the red jacket holding the umbrella.
A young girl in a red jacket, holding a zebra patterned umbrella.
The guy is laying down on the beach.
A woman with spectacles lying on her stomach, enjoying at the beach.
The top of a mans head in a white hat.
The back of a white cap on someone's head.
The boy in the black shirt.
barefoot man wearing a black t-shirt and white shorts with a graphic print.
Man in light jeans.
a man wearing stone wash jeans sitting next to a guy with two blue Bud Light beers and a red candle that is lit.
Little girl in white shirt and pink shorts.
girl on the right.
calf is trying to.
brown calf sucking milk from mother cow.
Train number 395 026.
One of two train engines it is on the rights.
the large ship named summit river.
A big ship named Summit River.
A woman riding a white bike crossing the street.
A woman in a puffy coat and ponytail riding a bicycle.
A woman with red necklaces and a white shirt.
A woman in white with a sly look.
The man closest to the fireplace.
man playing wii near the fireplace.
A yellow and red surfboard.
a yellow and orange surfboard.
A woman in a tan blouse walking.
The woman to the right of the parking meter.
plant with long leaves on left.
plant in the window.
A young woman on a blue bike.
A woman riding a blue bike.
Giraffe not interested in the people nearby.
this is a giraffe to the left of a house.
a catcher in glue squats.
The catcher wearing blue protective gear.
THE WHITE PICK UP TRUCK WITH A MOTOR BIKE IN THE BACK.
a white truck.
A baseball catcher with an open mitt.
A baseball catcher wearing a red vest with red shin guards.
a man holding an egg over the frying pan on the stove.
A man with short brown hair cooking food.
a minature pizza on the bottom right hand corner of the tray.
The pizza with in focus pepperonis.
Large spotted giraffe walking out front of two other giraffes.
A giraffe walking through the grass in front of two other giraffes.
woman in white shirt holding baby.
A person in a white shirt.
a woman stands beside a train.
A woman was standing.
A lifeguard chair and stand.
A lifeguard's post.
back of a sofa with a white blanket draped over it.
A brown sofa with a towel draped over it.
woman in blue holding a knife.
the lady about to stab the other lady with scissors.
A black bag on a mans shoulder.
a black shoulder bag.
A blue bus standing on the side of the road.
kirkkady blue color air bus runnuing the road.
Half of a sandwich with a red tipped toothpick sticking out of it.
A woman in a black and green uniform.
A brunette woman wearing black clothes with green accents on them standing next a motorcyle.
A group of broccoli.
A head of broccoli sits on the table.
Multi-coloured, and patterned umbrella.
umbrella held by child.
a white armchair with a maroon pillow facing a fireplace.
the white chair.
A empty portion of the seat of a bench with no dogs touching it.
A giraffe with its head high above other giraffes.
A giraffe standing tall.
A black pillow case on a bed with a baby.
a brown coloured cloth is placed near a baby.
The young man is skating on his board.
MAN IN PLAID SHIRT DOING TRICK ON SKATEBOARD.
Skateboard that the person is stepping on.
A skateboard being tipped on its back wheels.
The blueish grey pillow with white dots.
sofa cover with pillow.
Woman holding a wii remote in the air with her hand.
A woman standing up.
bunch of green bananas with yeallow headed bird pirched underneath.
A bunch of unripe bananas with a bird sitting on them.
A pizza with someone cuttin ginto it with a knofe.
The pizza being cut into to.
A gentleman with a Santa Claus hat on standing behind his luggage.
A man waving wearing a Santa hat.
A brown bear without clothing.
Brown teddy pair with a diaper on it.
A young man wearing a Wii shirt.
The black man in the Wii gray and white shirt.
The lemon that's sitting next to the bowl, and almost completely hidden by it.
The citrus fruit closest the the bowl of soup.
Woman in a green sweatshirt holding a half eaten bunch of bananas.
A woman holding a banana.
a toilet training device for kids.
A blue baby potty.
A fire hydrant in between two other hydrants.
The middle hydrant.
A woman in a striped shirt.
Cake-cutting woman.
A smiling man.
A man sits on the floor, smiling at a dog wearing a hat.
A persn snowboarding.
A ski boarder in a pink striped top and black pants.
a black color dressed lady seeing the mobile phone.
a woman with black hair and black outfit looking at her phone.
the smaller of the two giraffes.
A baby giraffe peeking above the rocks.
A woman wearing a shirt with blue squares on it.
rear view of woman holding water bottle.
The second tier of the cake.
the middle layer of the cake.
The elephant on the far right.
The elephant on the outermost right side of the photo. The elephant has its trunk swung close to the other elephant in the photo.
This is a boy petting the head of a giraffe.
A boy petting a graiffe who's behind a wired fence.
The yellow truck behind the truck loaded with bags.
A hidden truck.
A car with a person sitting in the driver's seat.
The silver car that is directly in front of the police officer on a motorcycle.
Large red fruit outside of bowl.
onion on the right.
A man in blue polo clapping his hands.
A man with a guitar.
The brown, thin part of the crust.
the broccoli to the left of the purple stem.
The clock on the left side of the tower.
Clock on left side of tower.
White couch against the back wall.
maroon seats below windows.
a boy wearing blue t-shirt.
A laughing boy with a blue color skirt.
An orange and tan cat standing on a desk with another cat.
An orange cat standing on a desk next to another cat.
Car and pole behind parking meter.
white color car in the snow.
The half eaten donut.
The half eaten donut.
Man wearing green shirt holding guitar on his lap on left.
A man with black shorts and white stripes and no shirt, playing frisbee with two other men.
player farthest to right.
A man wearing a white business shirt.
The man whose eyes are not shown.
A elephant walking into the lake while few elephants following behind.
An elephant that has it's trunk and all four feet in the water.
A brown leather chair with a red pillow.
a brown leather love seat.
the bed on the other side of the glass.
the reflection of a bed in the window.
The black and yellow backpack sitting on top of a suitcase.
A yellow and black back pack sitting on top of a blue suitcase.
A chair right next to a standing man.
A small grey chair part of a set.
A giraffe walking along the fench line.
Red wine in glass in front of person with folded arm on table.
Glass of red wine next to a person's arms.
A man in a suit who's almost across the cross-walk.
A man crossing a crosswalk while holding an umbrella.
Blue striped tie worn by man with microphone and notepad.
A person wearing glasses and a green t-shirt.
A woman in a green shirt.
White cake on dessert plate.
A piece of white cheese on a plate of food.
The elephant with the face not shown.
The side of an elephant in the background.
Brown couch to the left of the table.
The dark brown sofa in the front of the picture.
An Aeroplane on which the name Delta connection is written.
A white Delta N8837B jet sitting on the runway.
the horse on the left facing a bit to the left.
The yellow double decker bus.
The yellow bus.
A small white bowl with tan wraps in it.
The second dish to the left with the whales in the bowl.
A grey bird with a small beak.
A large grey parrot type bird perched on a branch.
A gray cat sitting on a sink.
Grey cat.
A man wearing a turtleneck.
A man with a turtleneck on.
Chips with dip below donuts.
A party bowl of chips and dip.
A man in a blue shirt and yellow shorts.
a man in a blue shirt and yellow shorts watches on.
a man in a brown shirt holding a wii controller next to a man in a white shirt.
A woman in a brown shirt.
a white bicycle on the left side of a pole.
The back wheel of a bicycle that is next to a blue bicycle.
larger bird on left.
A man reaching for something.
the man who is bending down to pick up the frisbee.
the skier's left ski.
A girl wearing a pink dress holds a frisbee.
A little girl in a pink plaid dress.
A red double-decker bus #7 going to East Acton.
The front of a bus with several passengers inside.
A female wearing a red shirt is holding a blue cell phone in an outdoor setting.
The woman sitting with her her black purse and water bottle beside her, and she is holding a blue cell phone up to her ear.
A guy in a white shirt playing frisbee.
A man in a white shirt is holding a white frisbee.
Woman with white top wearing a watch.
girl in white.
WOMAN ON THE LEFT.
red-sleeved arm reaching into picture.
A person reaching in over a table towards some food.
A elephant in right side little fade in black colour shows friendly hug in picture.
The lighter colored elephant.
a white car.
Silver car parked outside on the street next to a restaurant.
The half of the sandwich that is on top of the other half.
Half of sandwich that is completely visible and on top of the other half.
blue chair furthest to the left.
The armchair to the left of the other armchair.
white escalade.
The white suv.
a boy eating.
A child wearing a bib begins to eat.
The zebra facing forward on the far left.
A zebra on the far right of the zebras.
A MAN IS SITTING BESIDES A CHILD WEARING RED T SHIRT.
A man wearing a red shirt helps a baby brush their teeth.
A chair that a boy is sitting in, touching another boy in a blue shirt.
The back of the chair that the boy with the white shirt is sitting on.
Black and white ram with red marking on flank.
clear empty wine glass.
An empty wine glass.
A girl with black hair holding a surfboard.
A person holding a surfboard in the middle of two others.
A boat with a large white sail.
A sailboat on the water.
The purple cauliflower right under the sign for it.
two purple cauli in the back.
The bowl that is fully shown.
The empty flowered bowl in front of the wine glass.
A man with glasses and an apple on his head.
Guy wearing glasses with an apple on top of his head.
A van in front of the pull ups bus.
a white van passing through the high way.
A grey suit case in the airport.
A grey suitcase behind the wall.
Shrimp pizza closest to the camera.
pizza with seafood toppings.
A silver fork on a plate with a piece of egg on it.
The fork to the right of the eggs.
A kid in dark t-shirt sitting in front of a table.
boy in blue shirt sitting at a table.
giraffe in the front side of the image.
The closest giraffe eating leaves.
The skateboard with 'MM' on it.
A blue and white skateboard.
Banana closest to the plums.
A United Airlines Boeing 747 on an airport tarmac.
The plane that is fully visible.
A skier with a yellow and black ski outfit,.
Snowboarder in yellow, far left.
A black piece of fabric that can be seen on the left side of the person in blue.
something black infront of boy.
the bald man on the bike.
A man in white swim trunks riding a bike.
a black backpack.
the backpack straps on the man in the t-shirt.
A sandwich slice being taken by someone's hand.
the fourth bike in from the front.
A zebra's head pointing towards the sky.
A zebras face holding a pink flower.
A woman in a striped shirt walking by the man.
A woman in a striped shirt.
A boy in a white shirt holding a teal bucket.
A boy holding a green container.
wicker chair with blue cushion.
A wicker chair with a bag on it sitting in the corner of a room.
A sandwich sitting at the bottom of a plate with two more sandwiches above.
A man showing his crack surfing.
A man surfing in the ocean.
The bowl with 2 balls.
A small white bowl on a silver platter that has two golden balls on it.
A giraffe standing taller than the others.
The giraffe in front on all other giraffes.
The bear to the right of the sitting bear.
A brown bear almost on top of another brown bear.
table that the woman in skirt is leaning upon.
A tall table with a woman standing in front of it.
A green chair with a matching ottman is in a living room.
A chair and ottoman that is green with white spots.
the black guy with a fork in his hand.
black man wearing long sleeved brown shirt.
A dog with a blue polka dot vest.
A black/white dog in a polka dot blue life jacket riding on a surf board.
THE PERSON WEARING THE BLACK SHIRT.
a man cutting slices of pizza wearing gloves and a black shirt.
Tan bag on the left with the pink bandana tied to it.
Large duffel backpack with red bandana tied on it.
The snowboarder with the grey beanie.
A MAN WALKING IN SNOW WEARING BLACK COAT.
A small white monitor sitting next to a larger white monitor on a desk.
A silver computer monitor to the left of an iMac.
right elephant.
an elephant with plants in its mouth.
The peaches on the left hand side,.
A long chair, not near a table, without anything on it.
An empty green chair sitting next to a table.
A green plastic tumbler in front of a girl with a phone in her hand.
A green plastic cup on the table next to the lady with the phone in her hand.
yellow taxis in the street.
a blurry yellow vehicle driving away.
A silver suitcase.
A silver suitcase.
A baseball player's hand with a grey and blue glove.
the gloves on the batter.
Two giraffe's being fed by people.
Hey mom he wants something to eat.
a woman with blue jeans and a black top reading on her phone.
person sitting on concrete while wearing blue pants.
Someone wearing black stanind next to a bike.
blurry photo of man in background wearing all blue walking a bike.
The chair on the left behind the lady eating.
The chair directly behind the woman in black'.
the zebra in the middle.
zebra drinking water in the left side of the image.
The guy with a camera.
man with vertical striped shirt.
TOMATO PIZZA.
A margarita pizza.
Elephant on the right of another elephant.
A large tusked elephant to the right of another elephant.
the salt grinder in the right hand picture.
A glass like thing with a white label.
Green brocolli in left dish.
A zebra on a dirt road in front of other zebra.
zebra followed by other zebras.
red awning over the men.
A man in grey pants snowboarding with shadows of other players behind him.
A boy in blue jeans on a skateboard.
A smiling African American man sharing a laugh with an older man in a business suit.
a man in a blue shirt.
The train in front.
A white single story bus.
an old white bus.
Man in ski clothing and equipment on a snow slope at a resort.
A skier.
woman wearing black and white striped shirt.
A woman looking away.
A white bus with the number six on it.
a mirror showing the reflection of a child who is brushing his teeth.
The reflection in the mirror of a toddler brushing his teeth.
Sheep furthest from the goats.
A white sheep standing right of another two sheeps.
A boy with his hands in his lap.
A man sitting at a table wearing a blue shirt, between two other people.
A man in a red and white uniform with the number 20 on the back, dribbling a soccer ball.
A MAN IN A WHITE T-SHIRT.
a girl in yellow top and blue skirt holding a tennis ball and a tennis racket.
A girl holding a tennis racket and ball with an angrily-happy look on her face.
A whole lemon.
half a lemon next to a pile of orange peelings.
skiier.
a brown blanket on a bed.
Brown blanket.
A silver Apple laptop with a sticker on the corner.
apple laptop.
A BOOK WITH A SMALL RED BOOK MARK INSIDE. A PART OF A THICK BOOK. PART OF A GREEN FOLDER.
the second book in the pile with the visible letters OR.
Elephant.
A large elephant with white tusks.
A clear plastic bowl full of pita chips.
The shorter giraffe.
A broadside giraffe turns to stare into the camera.
A man in a red and white shirt catching the frisbee over another man.
a person in a red and white shirt and brown shorts attempting to jump over another person in a white shirt and blue shorts to grab a frisbee.
The cheerful boy holding the blue bat.
A little boy with a blue t-shirt wearing a helmet and holding a blue bat.
black sofa man is sitting on.
A black leather chair.
A man in a white t-shirt watching a child play video games.
Man behind the little boy.
A bunch of pizza slices.
A pizza with olives on it cut into slices.
A dark gray SUV that is parked behind a black car.
Dark Sedan in front of Gate B.
A person with short hair stands in front of a fence with an animal behind it.
Man with a camera taking a picture.
A woman in a white dress standing on a cliff.
A man in a blue shirt and a woman in a white dress embrace next to a waterfall.
A keyboard which is not removable from the laptop computer.
A laptop keyboard.
Baseball catcher.
A wicket keeper in the base ball game.
The man with the gray hair behind the woman holding the glass.
The man in gray hair that has his back turned and the woman's hands holding a glass and something red.
The animal with both its left and right eye visible.
A lamb posing for the camera with eyes wide open.
A bed with a white bedspread with blue markings on it, and a fan with red blades.
The bed with a blue jug on it.
a man in red shorts and a white t-shirt holding a boy's legs.
A man holding onto a boy's legs.
The bottle of drink with the yellow label.
A yellow bottle of Fuze lemonade sitting next to a plate with hotdogs ad chips.
a black piece of luggage.
A Black suitcase.
side view of zebra on the left.
A zebra standing to the left of another.
a horse with two people on it.
Two horses in the desert with people rising them.
The man crossing his arms.
A man with his arms crossed wearing a gray shirt.
The zebra on the left.
The zebra on the left with its face visible.
the man's backpack straps.
Black backpack shoulder strap.
The smallest lamb.
A lamb not touching it's mother.
Carrot sticks.
It looks like carrots on a plate with a sandwich and a apple.
A small girl with white tops slidding on the snow with sticks on both hands.
A child wearing a white sweatshirt skiing.
Elephant on the right.
An elephant walking with it's back leg lifted.
Two children examining some contents of a blue dish.
A boy wearing a red sweater.
man with gray hair, glasses, wearing a dark jacket and light pants standing behind a boy with a green hat and gray hoodie.
A middle aged man communicating with a child.
A special-service double-decker bus pulls up alongside a brick-paved street's curb.
A red double decker bus.
A woman wearing a red coat.
the person wearing a bright red jacket and a scarf.
Man wearing a green shirt.
man wearing glasses, green shirt and khakis.
A man in a red jacket posing for a picture with 2 other people.
Man in a red beanie and red and black jacket in skies standing next to an asian women in a green jacket and black pants.
The table cloth in front of the woman.
Tablecloth woman's elbows are on.
a sheep staring at the camera.
A sheep with an ear tag standing next to a smaller sheep in a grass field.
THe top of a brown horse with no mane.
the horse of a female police officer.
A giraffe eating from a feeder in a tree.
A giraffe eating from a tree.
A man with glasses wearing grey suit.
older man wearing grey suit and glasses.
chair with cat on it.
The red chair that the cat is sitting in.
snowboarder wearing black with white helmet.
A man with a white helmet skiing.
A wooden chair near the peacock's tail.
A woden chair with feathers under it.
A girl wearing a long red traditional dress holding a purple bag and a mans hand.
A woman in a red dress with yellow flowers holding a handbag.
plane on tarmac with luggage cars in background.
Large airplane with boarding ramp attatched to it.
A zebra in an enclosure standing in front of a second zebra in the background.
The tail end of a black and white zebra.
the vase on the middle.
The middle vase shown in the picture. It is medium in size.
a zebra looking down near the river.
zebra in the background standing behind the one with his butt towards us.
A wine glass sitting behind a bottle filled with a light colored liquid with a red top.
There's an empty wine glass,  close to the bread.
The bear that is underneath the log.
a baby black bear sitting down.
Giraffe in front of a zebra.
A tall giraffe behind another giraffe.
the young man in a white polo shirt.
the asian male in the white shirt.
A set of fur toys.
Bear facing front with another bear directly above it.
A red leaf plant in a flower vase.
The potted red pots.
The rig hauling three tractors.
A truck and trailer carrying three other vehicles.
A GREY COLOUR CAR PARKING BEHIND ANOTHER CAR.
A white car behind another white car.
The man playing WII.
person in t-shirt and jeans holding a game controller.
A brown, white and black duck standing in green grass by a lake.
A goose standing on grass next to a body of water.
man getting something out of glass case.
A new light brown baseball glove with black stiching and a ball in the glove.
The baseball glove with a ball in it.
the bottom microwave in the right hand picture.
A box holding a black digital microwave.
A women holding kites.
person bottom left picture.
A blonde man with spiky hairy plays with a baby.
A man wearing glasses, a gray t-shirt, and jeans.
light brown cow.
The light brown cow with it's head down.
A woman in a formal dress is standing in the kitchen with three other men in suits.
Woman in white dress leaning on wall.
A whole bench.
A red bench sits empty in front of a fence by the beach.
The bench the person is sitting on.
A boy wearing a hat eating at a table with three other children.
Boy wearing blue hat.
The larger of two sheep, standing to the right.
Sheep on bottom right.
the girl with the dark wavy hair.
A woman with curly hair looking at a giraffe.
A white couch situated between 2 lamps.
A couch in a living room with a white slipcover on it and black and white throw pillows.
The red cow standing up.
A cow that is standing.
A tennis player in a white hat.
A male tennis player.
A MAN BITING BURGER HOLDING WITH TWO HANDS.
MAN EATING.
The truck with the tank on back.
White tanker truck that the man in the brown jacket is standing in front of.
The table the three people are sitting at.
A square restaurant table with 3 people sitting around it.
A white horse on the beach being ridden by a young woman.
A woman riding a white horse.
A man standing on a sidewalk wearing a tan vest.
Man looking down with three other men talking beside a traffic sign on the side of the sidewalk curb.
the stove on the right in the right hand picture.
oven on right.
White airplane facing forward.
an airplane with a truck under its wing and a man wearing a safety vest walking in front of it.
A hanging airplane with teeth painted on the nose.
Nose and propeller of plane.
a blurry pick of a man with yellow on the back of a bike.
black cats head and ears.
Cat's black head.
A solid brown colored horse.
brown horse ridden by man in blue shirt.
The giraffe closer to the pole.
A giraffe near the wooden pole.
the person in the jacket.
person in coat behind pizza.
A wooden table full of donuts and coffee.
A man on the bed holding a lap-top.
A man lying in bed with a tray which he is placing a laptop on.
Military man wearing glasses.
a man in dark green fatigues.
a sofa set was on the room.
The black chair behind the woman in black.
the maroon big chair that has button tufting.
a brown quilted leather pattern chair with large arms to the left of another chair that looks the same.
The bigger elephant.
A dark colored elephant, standing to the right of a lighter colored elephant.
The man in the red jersey.
Player in red jersey.
A ZEBRA EATING GRASS WITH ANOTHER ZEBRA.
A zebra, facing right is partially hidden behind a tree.
A lady in snow skating behind a lady sitting on the snow.
the skier who is standing wearing a brown coat.
Woman with sunglasses on head wearing a black shirt.
A girl with sunglasses on her head.
zebra facing away camera.
the rear end of the zebra that is standing to the right.
The blue garbage truck that trees are being set on.
A blue garbage truck.
The red haired woman sitting.
A woman in a taupe short sleeve shirt smiling.
A surfboard, on which two people are standing.
The white and blue surfboard holds two women.
A pink toothbrush that is not a reflection.
a pink toothbrush.
The woman in the blue shirt holding her phone.
A woman sitting at a table using her cellphone.
A half portion of pitza which is seen fully in the image.
left section of the pizza.
Giraffe standing to the left of another giraffe, interacting with the other giraffe.
The profile of a giraffe licking another giraffe.
A giraffe behind a fence being fed lettuce by a girl with a brown ponytail.
Girl with brown hair in a pony tail and a brown tank top with lettuce in her hand.
a man was playing video game.
Man wearing a black shirt.
Shaggy cow that has head down.
Brown buffalo facing down grazing the grass.
A BROWN TOTE BAG WITH WHITE WRITINGS.
the table and hand bag.
A man in a white shirt, blue and white umbrella and grey pants.
A male chef wearing a black apron, tending to a bowl.
A bar in the background of a birthday celebration.
A woman with a stash holding a knife.
the keyboard that is on the laptop.
A pair of headphones on a laptop keyboard.
A baby with dark hair and dark eyes holding and drinking a bottle.
A child drinking.
A man in a suit holding an umbrella.
Man wearing a black suit holding an umbrella on a city sidewalk.
Black keyboards of a laptop lying on the table.
The black keys with white letters that make up the keyboard of an Apple laptop.
The umbrella behind the second one from the right.
A black frame outdoor chair with a yellow seat and back placed at an outdoor table.
A yellow chair is part of a colorful outdoor furniture grouping.
A chair with a laptop sitting ontop.
The chair that the laptop computer is sitting on.
White sweater.
a person wearing white and showing v.
Sheep on right of bush.
The adult sheep.
Brunette woman with green eyes eating a jelly doughnut while wearing a purple shirt.
A woman in a purple shirt eats a pastry.
Elephant on the right that is barely visible at all in the photo.
A sliver of a brown elephant can be seen behind a great elephant.
a cake missing some slices.
A cake missing two slices.
the horse with the rider who has something gray on her head.
a gray horse on the left.
half a sandwich with parsley garnish next to it.
A cheese-smothered sandwich to the right of another identical one.
The white bird is standing near other birds.
A SINGLE SPARROW.
A woman that is waiting for a slice of cake.
A woman wearing a brown jacket sitting beside a younger woman.
A pizza in a box labeled Susan 167.
pizza on right.
A man in brown coat calling.
A man in glasses on the phone.
The child behind the chain link fence watching baseball.
A YOUNG CHILD HOLDING ONTO THE FENCE AT A BASEBALL FIELD.
The basset hound that is laying down.
A man holding a canned drink observing the game but not playing.
The man in all brown behind the others.
A MAN IN A SUIT RECEIVING AN ENGRAVED AWARD.
This is a smiling man holding a goblet.
A baseball catcher.
A baseball catcher waiting to catch the ball.
the blurry head on the right.
The blurry head of a person on the right.
british flag umbrella held up by woman in black dress.
an umbrella carried by a female wearing blue skirt.
A zebra facing the right eating grass.
the right zebra in the right hand picture.
A brown wooden bear looking into a mirror.
a teddy bear looking.
a red apple behind another red apple.
The child with the pink hat.
A little girl wearing a pink hat and ski gear.
Back of chair at other table behind little boy.
the back of an empty blue and black chair.
Turkey standing behind tree.
The tallest turkey bending down.
the red car.
A red vehicle between two other vehicles.
girl with her hair being held in a ponytail sitting in a bus in front of a young man with a skateboard.
A girl with a ponytail.
The white and yellow pastry on the plate that has been half eaten.
half eaten egg salad sandwich.
A man throwing a frisbee.
Guy standing in the middle of a field wearing black pants and a grey shirt.
The African American man in uniform,  holding up a flag.
Tall military man standing directly behind cake.
The chair that the bear is sitting on.
A teddy bear wearing a sweater and holding a pen.
A small bush with pink flowers in it.
A green bush decoration with pink flowers.
Pumpkin that is on the left with green painted eyes.
A pumpkin that has green eyes and a yellow skirt.
A rolled up napkin probably containg silverware positioned between a similar napkin with a red band aroud it and a sandwich plate.
utensil with no red tape.
A black and white cat sleeping.
A black cat on the bed.
a cup on tha tabule.
BLACK COFEE ON THE TABLE REDY TO DRINK.
A silver four door car parked on the far side of the street that is parked infront of another silver car.
A silver car is parked in front of another car on the side of the road.
Peeled orange slices on left side of bowl.
the oranges to the left of the cherries.
A laptop screen with a program open.
The computer screen.
A black umbrella covered in butterflies.
The umbrella that has a floral design on it.
A BEAUTIFUL FLOWER VASE ON THE TABLE.
A white vase with circular bumps all over holding a flower.
long streamer on kite in the air.
The tail of a kite.
bottom slice of sandwich.
The woman with the white shirt is standing in the street.
girl in white.
Pregnant woman on a bench on her phone.
A pregnant woman sitting on a bench with her husbands head in her lap.
music payer in table.
Button controls for a stove.
A woman wearing an apron.
The woman wearing the apron.
A giraffe looking at a woman petting another giraffe.
a giraffe looking to the left.
The yellow surfboard.
A yellow surfboard.
A female with blonde hair, white shirt, white skirt, and black headband playing tennis.
A female tennis player in a white skirt and shirt.
A woman in a red shirt holing a racquet.
the woman in red.
The couch behind the man in a green shirt.
the sofa in biscuit color.
A man wearing black shirt and grey jeens with a good smile.
man sitting in the back side with black t-shirt.
A man in black jeans and a red T-shirt lays on the ground in front if his parked motorcycle with his friends.
A man in dark pants and a red shirt laying down.
The couch along the wall.
the couch on the right in the right hand picture.
A girl combing her hair.
The woman who is looking at her reflection.
The person in blue.
A man is making food.
A boy wearing white t-shirt with no.10.
Two boys playing football.
computer screen with white page open.
A grey old looking computer monitor.
blurry outline of player in background.
A man behind the net.
A white table with sandwiches sitting on top.
The stuffed animal to the far left.
The rabbit toy in a red sweater.
There is a glass of water on table.
The two glasses below the plate.
bottle left side.
A designed glass which is on the left side.
A brown and white colour cat sitting on a bag.
cat laying down behind sitting cat.
A white basket of carrots.
basket with carrots in it.
White bowl with baby carrots, salad greens and upside side white oval bowl.
Carrots and lettuce in a grey bowl.
The sandwich half on the left.
The left half of the sandwich.
A police man's hand on a piece of luggage.
A man with his hand on the suitcase and a radio on his belt.
The end of the bench that the woman is sitting on.
The bench seat the person is sitting on.
A bicycle with at a rack with a wire basket on the front.
A bicycle with a basket locked to a bike rack at the beach.
A dark pink suitcase on cart.
A maroon colour trolley.
The shirtless person reaching over towards the floor.
A guy not wearing a shirt reaching something on the floor.
young girl with head band on.
A girl wearing a pink bow and a floral dress.
Chocolate cake decorated with toy bulldozers.
The sheet cake including its decorations.
Airplane sitting ground, FedEx plane in the background.
A large white jet with international on the side.
A BROWN COLOR DOG WITH BLACK COLOR DOG.
The light brown dog.
An apple behind three others.
A bag of carrots.
It is a picture of some kind of orange fruit.
a cupcake sitting at the bottom of the plate.
The man in the blue plaid shirt to the right of the table.
Man across from the girl.
A section of the black seating that is behind the woman in a dark patterned top.
A zebra with a butt biting another zebra.
Zebra attacking another Zebra.
Catcher waiting for the ball.
A baseball catcher wearing a gray uniform and mask with his mitt extended ready to catch a ball.
A women in a floral dress biting a ribbon.
The woman in the flowered dress with the red tie in her mouth.
piece of fruit tart.
The yellow slice of dessert.
A woman in a black shirt wearing a watch and a fuzzy white hat.
A woman wearing a black sleeveless shirt.
A baby in the mirror brushing his teeth with his brother.
Boy in red shirt brushing teeth with yellow toothbrush.
A woman with a white top wearing white colored sport shoes.
A woman in a white shirt sitting on a bench.
tv on left hand side of display.
The TV screen left of the boy in black.
The pot that stands the tallest.
The vase that has its narrowest part at the top.
A black color chair in a room.
The black chair with arms visible just below and to the left of the computer monitor.
White keyboard.
A white keyboard.
A young girl in a yellow shirt who has blond hair.
young girl in yellow shirt.
A brown cat with a bushy tail.
A grey cat on a shelf.
A young man eat Tremendo hot dog.
The man in a dark blue sweatshirt is holding a hotdog.
An elephant's head.
the face of an elephant.
Shorter of two giraffes.
smaller giraffe standing on the left.
Bus closest to camera.
The white and blue bus.
black bowl.
black bowl of noodles.
The chair directly behind the bike.
the chair tucked under the table directly behind the bike.
Man in black standing behind the umpire.
the umpire calling a strike.
The ram has pink paint on top of it.
sheep on the right side.
A large decorative circle just below the face of the clock.
The circular decoration underneath the clock.
A Man standing in front of the dinning table.
A man standing next to the white table.
Circus elephant with its trunk up and headgear on.
An elephant lifting up its trunk.
A large black motorcycle beneath a man in a helmet.
A large black motorcycle being driven by a man in a helmet.
Small grey and black bird perched on top of computer monitor.
A sparrow on top of a laptop.
a person wearing an abstract print sweater with a white collard shirt under it.
Man in shirt with purple and blue triangles .
A Girl who touches the Giraffe tongue with her tongue.
A girl wearing a dark blue shirt with glasses on her head kissing a giraffe.
A giraffe to the right of a bush.
A giraffe standing in front of a rock wall.
a man wearing a black shirt and skiing at the back of a group.
A man in a black jacket and hat standing between two other men.
a women was samlling.
An Asian woman wearing a party hat sitting between two Asian children.
A man about to take a bit out of a slice of pizza.
a man who is eating a large piece of pitza.
A man in sunglasses wields a Frisbee standing next to a woman.
A man wearing shades teaching a woman how to throw a Frisbee.
A man in an orange shirt playing a video game.
Guy in orange shirt holding a wii remote.
open sandwich in the right side of the image.
The blue chair closest to the umbrella.
a beach chair on the left.
A white sheep standing between two other white sheep.
The white lamb in between two other white lambs.
the closets pew.
The church pew furthest from the altar.
A man wearing a tan polo shirt and standing on a basketball court and situated between two other men.
The man has his hand in his pocket.
Woman on the left on her cell phone.
A woman off to the side watching a child.
person in grey shirt and blue shorts in background.
The middle stool chair.
an older woman skate boarding.
A woman on a skateboard.
strap of woman's bag.
The woman's purse strap.
A sailboat with a yellow base.
A yellow remote control boat on a lake.
The entire large screen.
A large projector screen on the wall.
The person with blonde hair holding their hand out.
young blonde boy wearing black with arm stretched out to feed a giraffe.
a bowl which is filled with tomato sauce & place on a white plate with food.
ketchup in the small silver cup.
A square doughnut lying partially under a round doughnut.
This is a square donut with nuts and glaze.
A white plate of food to the left of a plate of pizza.
The only other plate with food on it, in the background on the left side.
Shorter smaller giraffe.
The outermost right giraffe of the two giraffes. It is further from the zebras than the other giraffe.
Boy wearing a blue jacket.
A boy wearing jeans and a blue jacket is standing up playing on a video game console.
a Volkswagen van driving.
The little VW van.
A man Eating food like pizza.
A man eating a slice of pizza.
The British flag.
British flag.
A man in a blue polo shirt.
Man in a blue and white striped shirt who is smiling next to a dark haired woman.
man and woman skiing.
skiier in red.
blue train numbered 2.
Blue train on the right, farthest from the camera.
A striped couch in a room by a window and a plant.
A black couch placed under the window.
The apple slices closest to the green grapes.
park bench.
The wood and iron bench.
A young man wearing a bracelet and carrying a surf board with a lightening bolt on it.
A man in a black shirt to the left of two other men.
parasol that's black.
Light blue umbrella over an empty table.
second sheep from the right.
The boy in the blue holding the umbrella.
A child in a blue tank top.
larger sheep in the back.
A ewe letting her lamb nurse.
A pot of boiled orange cut circles of carrots.
book in child hand.
A book.
A stuffed Winnie the Pooh figure sits on a rag doll's lap.
A stuffed Winnie the Pooh toy sitting on a stool with a doll.
man with green long tunic walking.
a man with his sheep.
A dish of yogurt and orange slices with a candy.
A white plastic container filled with oranges.
woman working in laptop.
A woman using a laptop.
A single-decker bus.
RED SINGLE LEVEL  BUS.
a television kept above the table showing a dance shoe.
The tv up high.
the pizza closest to us.
prominent pizza slice.
A sheep standing separately from other sheep.
shepp facing view center on picture.
A piece of broccoli directly on top of a piece of cauliflower.
A man with long black hair eating pizza.
The man on the left.
The stuffed panda bear in a sweater.
teddy bear wearing blue shirt.
The giraffe to the right of the others.
blue and white ceramic figure.
Blue and white glass objects sitting on top of blue container.
The woman on the right is enjoying a taste of the ramen broth.
A lady sipping the soup in the bowl.
A man in a black shirt being ridiculous and putting a plastic storage container into the oven.
Man in black shirt placing bowl in the oven.
A man who is jumping and catching the soccer ball.
A man in a white and black shirt diving for the ball.
A smiling man with brown hair wearing a checked shirt and green tie.
An man wearing a white plaid shirt and a green tie, smiling.
A bowl of red sauce.
a side of marinara dipping sauce.
picture of a cock.
a rooster with black and white feathers.
the white cake that's only half visible on the bottom left of the photo.
A cake with small red dots next to a cake that says "VFS".
A set of skis, on the ground, worn by a woman in a red jacket.
skiis.
An empty chair next to two people sitting on a bus.
empty seat.
The fists at the top left.
There ate two fists to the left of the man in red.
A women in a gray jacket roasting hot dogs on the fire.
a female wearing a baseball cap squatting at a campfire roasting a hot dog and smiling at the camera.
Cooked broccoli in bowl.
The pile of broccoli in the bowl.
lightest brown giraffe.
A light brown giraffe standing a dark brown giraffe.
A glass bowl of onions and peppers.
A clear bowl with onions and peppers.
A girl in a polka dot outfit.
A white woman with red hair wearing a red and white apron.
A picture of a yellow and black sailboard with someone on it.
Yellow sail boat in water.
A Sony computer monitor on the left edge of a desk to the left of two other computers.
the sony monitor on the left, glowing blue.
A dining chair with a cushion.
A ZEBRA SITTING WITH HIS FRIEND IN THE SECOND PLACE.
Two giraffs are relaxing at the zoo.
A lady at the counter making cupcakes.
A large woman in blue top at the kitchen counter preparing food.
a bowl of dark choclote.
A clear bowl containing black circle donuts.
A woman wearing a pink shirt holding a blue coat.
A woman in a pink shirt holding a blue jacket watching a boy play baseball.
the back half of the zebra.
A zebra leading other one in the forest.
The suitcase on the bottom.
A large suitcase under a smaller suitcase.
A little girl smiling.
a little girl wearing a pink shirt with her hand under her chin.
a woman with a red hat.
The skier in the black jacket.
the brown bear.
orangish teddy bear in front of black bear.
a blue, black, pink, and white snowboard with a skull decal in its middle.
a blue and black snowboard with a skull image on it.
A person with their left hand on a sandwich.
A girl holding the sandwich and trying to cut.
A llama sticking his head out of a fence.
A large brown sheep sticking it's head through the fence to eat grass.
The piece of chair in the left edge of the picture.
a chair cushion without bird droppings on it.
table behind sandwich.
A wooden Brown table top.
The smallest giraffe among the two watching the other eating.
A giraffe with tan spots that is not trying to eat anything.
Cooked greens on a blue and white plate.
HEALTHY BRUCOLI.
Adult brown horse.
closest sink.
The last sink to the right in a row of four.
A ZEBRA SHOWING HIS BACK SIDE WITH HIS KID.
An adult zebra.
The zebra to the far left of the group.
A blue tractor trailer with the word Marchiori written on it.
a truck in the place.
Two giraffes.
Two giraffes standing together in a holding cell.
A chair to the left of a pizza.
A young blonde haired boy with red sweatpants running.
A small child playing frisbee.
a man with white hat pushing a bot.
boat man ready to ship the boat.
A chair with a green and white cushion on it.
White plastic cutting board with crumbs all over it.
A cutting board that has a knife sitting on it.
Animal with a long trunk with three feet in the water and one that is not.
The baby elephant.
A leg in blue pants.
blue pants.
A city bus with a Firewall ad.
A turquoise and white tour bus.
a young man, in a blue t-shirt, holding a video game controller over his head.
A man wearing jeans and a blue t-shirt with a picture of an astronaut on it.
The boy with the #25 on his shirt holding a bat.
yellow t shirt in a boy.
the blue bird dish.
the blue bird feeder.
Computer monitor above laptop screen.
A large computer monitor directly above a laptop monitor.
A little boy in a baseball uniform.
Child on a baseball field.
The shorter of the two horses.
The train with its engine shown.
All the cars of a train with a blue and white front car.
horse in the right most side of the image.
the horse in the front of the picture.
a little girl smiling looking in the camera.
A little girl with hand up to her chin smiling.
A boy in a white shirt and tan sneakers tosses the ball into the air to serve it.
A man throws up a tennis ball next to two other people on a court.
A mounted elephant hangs its trunk over a fence.
Elephant on the right with the rider with no beard.
a tennis player hitting a ball.
The woman holding the racket.
An older woman in blue holding a shot glass.
The woman in grey who is holding her phone.
The person holding the smallest phone.
The man holding his arm out.
Man touching umbrella.
A paperback book titled The Night Watch with a dark cover.
the book called the night watch by sarah waters.
A red convertible sporty car that is behind a bicyclist.
A corvette is behind a man in all black riding a bike.
A girl eating food.
a girl eating something.
An orange with three spikes on top of it.
a large orange.
child on sled wearing a blue coat.
The child is sitting on the slay.
A man wearing all black skis with a woman.
An old man skiing.
A woman with a red dress.
Woman in a red dress and fur stole holding a wicker basket.
A bowl with some non veg pieces.
A small bowl sitting on a larger plate full of chips.
the small giraffe between the two bigger ones.
The shortest of the giraffes.
a giraffe looking at another giraffe whose mouth is open.
the giraffe in the left.
a coffeee mug beside a plate of food.
A mug on a table.
A girl with dark hair and a white shirt.
The piece of broccoli sticking up in the very back.
A single piece of broccoli at the top of a portion of meat on a plate.
A boy looking the other way at the dinner table with his family.
A person looking away from the table.
the white object with a spoon in it next to the orange bowl.
The gravy boat with a silver spoon sticking out.
A woman wearing a fur scarf walking with a clear umbrella.
A GIRL CROSSING ROAD WITH AN UMPRELLA.
The young boy on the top bunk in the yellow shirt.
The boy on the top bunk.
wooden chair nearer to the wall.
A wooden chair stands by the wall and holds a gray sweatshirt.
A tour bus with the front door open.
a white bus in front of another bus with people gathered by the door.
An orange backback with a monkey print  sitting on top of a peice of blue luggage.
An orange colored backpack.
The chick on the computer screen.
A woman in a laptop background.
the black bottle that is in the holding container.
a black bottle with a label.
lotus flower on the right most side.
the right most object.
The medium brown horse next to the signs on the fence.
Woman in glasses.
The woman wearing the black shirt.
A small white bear with little brown bow tie.
the smallest white teddy bear sitting in front of the other white bear.
Big remote control next to a couple balls of yarn.
A black remote control sitting next to two pieces of yarn.
A table far away, with two people dining.
A table next to a window.
a man with his hand to his mouth.
a man wearing a black and yellow shirt layered over a blue shirt sitting on a bench and eating.
One half of a sandwich on a plate with various foods.
The half of the sandwich that is on the right of the dish.
A container of cooked mixed vegetables.
VEGETABLE SALAD IN A WHITE BOWL.
the man eating a sandwich.
A man eating a sandwich.
The second from the front pair of scissors closest to the person with the camera.
A MIRROR IMAGE OF THE KNIFE WHICH ONE IS PHOTO TAKEN.
the twin who is wearing blue jeans.
The guy in the lighter red shirt and jeans.
The crochet carrot furthest to the left.
large pizza with all toppings.
A pizza with olives, mushrooms, artichokes, and ham.
The white airplane with a flag on its wing.
U.S. Airways plane on the landing strip with a person standing in front of it.
Man in a plaid shirt sitting on a bench.
A man sitting on a bench holds his bag.
Young girl in grey shirt playing a video game.
A woman with a string in her hair.
The body and hands holding the white controller.
The person holding the white component in their hands.
Skis held by the child in the black and white coat.
brown and white horse on left.
A large white and brown horse.
the bigger truck.
The long, low, flat transport vehicle below the plane's nose.
There's an orange mug sitting in a wooden tray.
An orange coffee cup on a wooden tray.
A adult giraffe with his head straight up.
The giraffe standing taller than the others.
The zebra with two other zebras to the right.
zebra only head and neck is visible and is in left side.
person wearing blue shirt with back toward camera.
A man with a blue shirt has his back to the camera.
A bed on the floor with a purple blanket and a black and white patterned pillow.
A mattress on the ground with a pillow and a purple blanket.
A blue and white bus parked in front of a building.
an old blue school bus.
The tan umbrella underneath the checkered umbrella.
The tan, square umbrella.
Coca cola glass half fulled with cola.
A Coca Cola brand drinking glass.
the plane with the P on the tail.
An airplane labeled P6382 sitting on the ground next to another airplane.
Pink fridge behind fence.
A pink refrigerator behind a gate.
A small pelican in between two larger pelicans.
The second bird from the right.
A pizza that a man is cutting into.
A pizza covered in tomatoes, spinach and ham.
Boy on the right closest to the PEPSI cooler.
A man in a solid white shirt with his back turned.
a bowl with berries.
Glass bowl of mixed raspberries and blueberries.
blue jacket on the ground behind the water bottle on the left hand side.
A man holding a mobile phone.
a man looking the phone.
Two bicycles along the wall.
the reflection of the pink toothbrush.
The reflection of the pink toothbrush.
A yellow cushioned chair.
A yellow glider chair.
carrot on top of other carrot.
Two peeled carrots arranged into an X.
a striped bed spread that a man is about to fall onto.
The bed that the individual is falling on.
A large brown dog in the back of a truck.
the biggest dog in the back side of the car.
A person wearing a grey shirt and black pants.
the woman in black and gray in the background.
The double decker bus in which number 30 is written.
A double decker bus which has route no. 30.
A blue tennis racket.
A TENNIS RACKET WITH BLUE TRIM.
A green chevy pickup with the words spill response on the side.
A glass cup of water sitting on a glass table.
Glass cup in the middle of two other glass cups and halfway between the two dishes.
The spoon which carries rice and broccoli.
A spoon holding rice and broccoli.
boat that team in purple shirts is racing in.
The boat that the purple shirted rowers are in.
The woman hitting the ball in the left cell.
The person with the orange visor in the photo on the left.
A man with an American flag on his shirt smiling.
A man wearing a white polo shirt with an American flag patch and a black backpack.
Sheep under arm of woman wearing dark top.
A sheep being petted by a blonde woman.
Fried Rice dinner.
A rice in a bowl.
A little girl eating and watching a laptop.
An Asian girl what the laptop while eating from a bowl.
A burger with beef strips.
a cat that's on the left side.
A gray cat with white stomach with it's head down.
A  tennis racket with white handle.
a blue and white tennis racket being held vertically over a bag on a bench.
the front of the bus in the rear.
White bus in the back.
A skier in black.
A snowboarder that is upright, wearing black, and has snow on his rear.
A girl sitting second from left and wearing blue short sleeve t-shirt.
a little girl wearing a blue shirt.
GIRAFFE STANDING CENTER BY THE TWO AND ONE GIRAFEE\.
giraffe on right side of rock wall looking at people.
A bus.
A Trolley Bus stopped at a crosswalk.
A teenager in blue jeans is skating.
Skateboarder wearing shoes with blue laces.
A man in black looking at his laptop.
A MAN WORKING THE LAPTOP WITH HER FRIENDS.
a baseball umpire.
Umpire crouching during a pitch.
Barely visible side of a tan, white and blue boat in the water.
The edge of a boat following in the wake of another boat.
A metal rolly chair hidden behind the table.
grey remote on the top left.
A white umbrella at the end of a green bench that has a long pole going to the ground.
A white umbrella in front of a green bench.
A man in white pants skiing.
skier in all white.
The older man with the white hat and black jacket.
a man wearing a white hat that is on the cell phone.
small portion of chocolate cake next to the large full cake shown.
The edge of cake next to another.
White bird.
the bird.
There is bed with grey colored bed sheet on it.
the bed with a gray blanket.
The table with a laptop on it.
The table top that the man on the laptop is sitting at.
A couch which is behind the woman who is wearing black dress.
A grey ottoman sitting in a matching chair.
A peacock facing to the left in front of another peacock.
A bird in the front of the picture facing to the left.
The left-hand side of a silver refrigerator door.
A plain door on a fridge.
A bike that is moving in front of other two bikes.
man on left bite banana with teeth.
The black and white skis on the person who is jumping.
Both skis of a man in blue jumping in the air.
A cow looking at the camera that is sitting behind another cow.
Animals next to eachother with the one on the left looking at the camera.
A stuffed toy wearing sunglasses and a pink, blue and white dress.
A large sheep toy wearing a pink dress.
An old truck in front of other trucks and cars.
The truck furthest to the left.
lady with yellow color t-shirt in the left side of the image.
THE WOMAN WEARING YELLOW TSHIRT.
A woman in a blue dress standing in front of a pizza pie.
A smiling woman in a purple blouse.
A small giraffe looking looking at a herd of horned animals.
giraffee chaild was in forest.
Groom, but not his hand with knife in it.
A groom cutting a wedding cake.
A BEAUTIFUL ROSE UMBRELLA.
A pink children's umbrella with a yellow cartoon character on it.
The white car directly behind the meter.
A fully seen white car.
A blue motor scooter with a headlight.
No one is sitting on the light blue vespa with the broken fender.
TWO BANANAS WITH A BLUE STICKER IS ON THE TABLE.
Bananas on a green table.
The separate dark gray keyboard with black keys.
A gray and black keyboard.
A BLACK COLOR CAR STANDING NEAR BY A MAN WHO HOLDING SEASKATER.
A blue car parked near a man.
A laptop computer sitting on a stand next to two desktops.
A laptop screen.
A car in motion with bright tail lights.
tail lights coming from from back of car.
a green leafy plant growing in a short blue vase in an office.
green plant with a blue pot.
A man in a black suit jacket.
A man in a suit.
Someone or something covered in black obstructed by three white paper plates.
A seated person in blue with paper plates taped on him.
A hand reaching for a sandwich.
A blond woman with a gray sweater reaching for a tea sandwich.
boy standing next to a man with a tennis racket.
a laptop on tabule.
A laptop sitting on a table being used by a man.
a man skateboarding.
A man wearing a green shirt riding a skateboard.
a wooden coffee table supporting two laptops.
A table with a laptop computer on it.
A giraffe that is closer than the rest and is facing straight ahead.
A giraffe looking straight ahead and walking in front of another giraffe.
The laptop computer in front of the man seated to the left in the picture.
laptop on left side.
girl wearing a green t shirt.
girl left.
A bald man with a grey T-Shirt.
man in grey shirt and blue sweats holding a tennis racket.
A Red Haired woman waiting for her wine.
A lady with short red hair and glasses.
A man in a grey hoodie on a buss.
A hooded rider on a bus.
An airplane heading down the runway.
the plane facing away from the camera.
A man with a brown shirt holding a Wii remote.
Man in a brown shirt.
The armchair with a bag in it.
An elephant with a long trunk stands next to another elephant.
An elephant on its side bathing/rolling around in water.
Elephant wallowing in puddle.
The cow on the right.
The brown and white cow.
A chair on the far left that a teddy bear is sitting on nest to two others.
A baby giraffe.
A baby giraffe.
The bed closest to the door.
The bed in the back right.
the zebra in the back.
the bigger zebra.
A BROWN COLORED SCOOTER PARKING ON ROAD.
A person with rain coat, pushing a wheel chair.
person in brown coat pushing wheelchair.
A chocolate cake with powdered sugar on top.
A chocolate cake with white sprinkled frosting.
A server's hands holding a serving tray with napkins and forks.
A man holding a plate with fork and standing.
A woman in blue jeans riding a blue bicycle across the street.
A woman in blue jeans riding a blue bicycle.
bed area in the right side of the luggage.
Part of bed to right of suitcase.
elaphant to the left in the distance.
A elephant that is dark gray standing between two trees that is facing the left.
A woman with a white shirt sitting between a man and a woman.
An overweight woman sitting on the bench holding a hat in her hand.
a child holding a green object.
A child in a striped shirt plays with a bright-green toy while laying beneath a cartoonish blanket.
Zebra on the left side of the picture.
a zebra whose head can be seen.
WOMAN ON RIGHT.
a woman with short blonde hair looking at a computer screen.
A giraffe in front of a rock.
The shorter giraffe.
A boy wearing red Tee using cell phone.
A boy in red shirt.
piece of pizza on the left bottom corner.
Bottom left slice of pizza on a plate sitting on a table.
A man wearing a blue jacket and black gloves.
man in a blue coat.
The light blue book under the other one.
The turquoise book on the bottom of the stack behind the mouse.
A white bench where a woman is sitting.
the bench with a woman sitting on it.
The dark bottle of paint.
Bottle of black paint.
A mother sheep laying in hay watching over her two babies.
An adult sheep looking backwards.
two kids behind boy in white tee shirt.
Half top of sandwich bread with cut edge touching the fried potatoes.
The piece of sandwich without the cross facing the fries.
an elephants butt in the background of other elephants.
Elephant standing far to the back with his rear facing out.
The boy in the orange hoodie.
kid in orange sweatshirt getting some pizza.
a brown and blue color suitcases.
An old blue trunk box.
a man in a plaid shirt and black beret.
A man in a plaid shirt with a black cap holding a pan.
Empty plastic cup.
An empty plastic cup immediately to the right of another cup half full of orange liquid.
Sheet is blue with flowers on it.
A white sheet on top of a blue sheet.
An aqua blue roadster car that is parked.
A blue old school vehicle.
Wooden chair with man in glasses sitting on it.
A chair with a brown back with a man in black sitting in it.
A green bowl with plastic covering it.
silver pan to the back on the left.
The spoon with no holes in it.
a solid spoon inside of a pan.
A wooden table holding a very large vase of red flowers.
A round table with a vase and flowers on top.
The white part of the plate in the foreground that is showing.
A white round bowl containing broccoli and beef.
Green semi transparent vase holding dried wheat stalks.
A green vase.
A sandwich a cold drink and a Kit Kat bar for desert are all sitting on the table.
a meal.
a man in a white t shirt and a black hat.
man wearing white t-shirt and black hat.
A man with white mustache in red suit on TV.
A man in a red jacket.
A person wearing a blue shirt with white stripes, standing to the left of a man wearing a blue shirt.
A outdoor table with drinkware.
The top of a wooden table covered in food and drinks.
A young baby with both hands on their bottle.
the baby using two hands.
empty seat next to woman.
an empty train seat with a lady sitting nearer and a male sitting in the rear side of the chair.
the cup on the right in the right hand picture.
the cup on the right in the right hand picture.
The piece of sandwich on the right.
A sandwich with green peppers on top to the right of french fries.
white cat.
Brown and white cat lying with another cat.
a man wearing a yellow shirt.
the man in yellow.
A picture of a woman beside a man in a clock.
A womans face that is on a clock.
the man standing behind the the bike in the right side of the image.
A man with a white t-shirt and something around his shoulders standing behind a motorcycle.
An asian man in glasses looking at his Motorola phone.
the young man in the black shirt who is holding up the cellphone.
A large bearded man eating a banana wearing a striped long sleeved grey sweater holding a piece of paper.
A man with a beard holding a banana.
A brown dog is holding a red and black disck in its math while on road.
brown dog behind the dog with the frisbee.
a book about Sweeney Todd.
Sweeny Todd book.
A woman with her hair in a bun, holding an umbrella.
A woman holding an umbrella.
A sandwich on  the top of other sandwich which is on the left side.
The stuffed bread piece was very light food.
An edge of a pizza, in front of another pizza with a woman in a green shirt.
A portion of a pizza with tomatoes and shredded basil on a table.
an obese woman feeding a dog.
A woman in a red sweater standing in a kitchen.
The back of a man taking a pitcure of two other men.
A man wearing a white hat and holding a mobile.
The blue and white boat with two people on the front.
The front end of a yacht that is black and white sitting in the water.
PLANTS INSIDE HOME.
Leafy green plant behind a tv.
Giraffe with tongue sticking out.
The giraff reaching higher.
The middle left container.
A bento box of white rise and veggys with a container of grey dipping sause.
The man with the green shirt and the wrist watch.
The bearded standing man in green shirt and jeans wearing sunglasses and wristwatch.
asain woman wearing a dark blue top at a restaurant.
An asian girl to the right of another asian girl.
The umbrella, that is being held by the man with light colored jacket.
a red umbrella being carried by a man.
the blurry bird on the left hand side but in the right picture only.
A blurry bird to the left of another blurry bird.
A women wearing white dress cutting a cake.
The woman in the white dress is cutting the cake.
a boy with glasses.
AN ASIAN KID IN GLASSES EATING.
A RECTANGLE TV REMOTE WITH TWO MORE UNSHAPED REMOTE.
A Toshiba rectangular remote next to two other remotes.
the dish with a bagel.
Half a bagel in a grey bowl.
A young blonde boy in a grey longsleeve shirt and blue jeans.
A boy with ripped jeans holding a Wii controller.
Doughnut out of bag with glaze.
A glazed donut on the left side of the picture.
a young man is doing a trick in the air while skateboarding.
a boy jumping in mid air.
a man wearking formal dress and talking with her.
A man in a ties wears a glow necklace.
A young skiier in pink pants striking a pose.
The little girl in pink pants.
a wine list at fine dining establishment or lodge of some sort.
The menu in front of the man and woman.
A man in a blue helmet taking a picture of an elephant.
A man in a motorcycle helmet taking a picture of an elephant.
A bus displaying the words 1 to Ridgeway.
A bus in the stand, with display of destination to ridgeway.
A bicycle being ridden by a woman in the rain.
The bicycle that the lady with the umbrella is on.
The piece of pizza on the bottom right side of the photo.
The smallest slice of pizza.
a gray fighter jet about to take off into flight.
the jet about to take off.
A bench has a sleeping man on it.
A wooden bench that a man is sleeping on.
A giraffe holding its head low striking another giraffe in the neck.
giraffecurving his neck around the other giraffe.
A girl with party cap looking at her blue color Birthday cake.
The little girl in the birthday hat.
A kid doing tricks on his skateboard.
A man with a red skateboard doing a trick.
A person holding a banana.
The hand and foot of a light woman.
The mirror image of a cat on a leash lying on the ground.
The reflection of a cat wearing a harness and leash.
place matt under a black womans pizza.
table cloth under the pizza that black woman is eating on.
A small serving of beans in a small white dish.
A bowl of beans.
a slice of pizza pulled away from a whole pie.
There is a piece of pizza on the upper left corner of the picture.
A man is skeing.
A man on a skate board.
The fork that is not on the plate.
A fork laying on the table.
Wood and silver utensil sticking out the left side of a plate in the broccoli.
fork in salad.
The airtank right behind a diver's hand.
The blue bench the men are sitting on.
A man calling on the phone.
A man in white shirt wearing a watch talks on a cell phone.
a man in a black cap feeding a piece of pizza to a young woman.
A man with a tattoo, hat and sunglasses holding a pizza slice.
Man in a dark blue shirt and tan hat cutting a sandwich.
A man in beige cargo shorts and a blue tshirt and a brown hat cutting up a party platter sandwhich.
SAMSUNG REMOTE CONTROL.
samsung remote.
A black computer chair second away from the back wall.
An infant plays with other in luggage bag.
A child in a green striped shirt waving at the camera.
A woman wearing gree flies a kite.
A woman on the beach with a kite.
A man sitting in a chair between two women holding teddy bears.
The man in the gray suit.
table with plate and cup cake only.
A man on a motorcycle about to kiss a girl.
man.
The child's skis.
ski stood on by child.
the red couch on the left.
A couch on the left side of the room with a while cloth draped over the back.
Male model wearing top hat.
A man wearing a black top hat adorned with a purple ribbon is found walking with a cane.
middle elephant.
a tall elephant standing in the middle.
guys 3 fingers.
FINGERS ONLY.
A yellow sauce above the peaches.
a bowl of yellow soup.
glass bowl.
A LARGE GLASS BOTTLE.
A WOMAN STAND WITH A MAN IN FRONT OF AEROPLANE.
A woman in a pink shirt in front of a plane.
the black object near the head of the boy.
The dark brown table legs nearest the child's head.
A table with a tray of food that includes doughnuts and drinks.
Yellow tray with doughnuts and 3 drinks.
A man pats an elephant in the water.
A man washing an elephant.
A grilled sandwich next to the plate with coffee and a spoon on it.
a sandwich on a plate behind another plate.
A large sofa and armchair setting with many pillows on them.
A blue couch next to two chairs.
A laptop computer with a background of a galaxy.
The laptop with a picture of the night sky as a wallpaper that has a pop up message on it.
Sheep on the left side of photo.
A sheep walking towards two other sheep.
The cow whose back portion is seen.
the cow on the left.
A person sitting on a chair partially occluded by two standing individuals.
A person sitting on a couch with their legs crossed.
There is a red colored car just back of the man in black t shirt.
A small red Honda with stickers in the window parked behind a goat.
man on motorcycle in front.
A person on a motorcycle in front of another person on a motor cycle.
A girl that is smiling and laughing, wearing a pink outfit and holding a large black electric object.
A little girl holding a black hair dryer.
a clock in harlem.
Clock face on the right of the screen nearest the word 'time'.
the stuffed bear in the right hand picture.
A stuffed animal toy is pictured standing behind a cake.
A boy watching a plane.
boy standing by rail wearing black and white coat.
The furthest boat in the row.
white yacht that is fathest from man on bench.
the farthest hotdog.
Hot dog with lots of topping at rear of photo with three similar hot dogs.
A small giraffe standing still.
The smaller giraffe.
a circus elephant walks behind another.
An elephant following another elephant.
a man with a navy shirt and blue jeans with his hand on the table.
A young man with short hair, his hand placed upon the countertop.
the guy in white long sleeved shirt.
a man dancing with friends.
An elephant in the wild eating.
An eating elephant.
The zebra on the left.
A complete profile view of a zebra.
A man wearing a black apron in the back of what looks like a restaurant kitchen.
A man in a white t-shirt and a black apron leaning over something in a kitchen.
A large pizza in front of a woman and behind another pizza.
A pizza in front of a woman in a black tank top.
Red dipping sauce in a plastic cup.
A white bowl of tomatoe sauce.
A small child behind a fence in a  purple baseball shirt with a red hoodie under it with grey pants and black shoes.
boy standing behind fence looking of to his left side.
A stadium chair with a woman in jeans and a baseball mitt resting on it.
a green chir that a girl in jeans is leaning on.
The car in front of the bus.
A black and yellow car drives in front of a bus.
Blue BMW SUV in the background.
The player wearing number 27.
Player #27 at a baseball game up at bat.
A White bucket containing dirty water.
white color bucket.
A women wearing Blue top sitting on the couch.
A smiling young lady sitting on a couch petting a large dog.
A bicycle holding bananas.
Old style bicycle carring green bananas casting a shadow on the ground.
red bus 214.
Bus number 214.
ice cream on top of chocolate cake.
ice cream.
A black cow with blue and white ear tags standing between two brown cows.
The black cow has two tickets dangling from each of its ear.
A reflection of a dog.
The reflection of a black and white dog.
A large blue and purple kite is flying above the crowd.
A large purple and blue kite flying high in the sky.
Table above yellow box.
A table have a yellow box under it.
The 747 with a blue tail and a globe on the tail.
Large air plane that says Global Supply Systems.
a baby with blonde hair.
A baby being held by a man with a moustache.
A square trough in a bathroom.
And ok being ridden  in the field with a bowl on top of his back.
The small white animal on the left side.
A boy with two grapes on his plate.
The skateboard in the air.
the bottom of a skateboard, in the air during a trick.
The guy in a white shirt sitting on the couch in between two other people.
A person wearing a white t shirt over a long sleeved shirt.
An white young lady wearing black glasses with brown colored hair  with green t shirt is present in the image.
A woman is wearing glasses and smiling.
A person in a brown jacket and jeans holding an umbrella.
A blurry person wearing pants and holding a black umbrella while it rains.
An elephant being held by a rope.
An elephant following the other elephant.
A green, potted house plant sitting next to a chair.
Little giraffe to the right of the others in the picture.
A small giraffe with its head down slightly.
A zebra facing right.
The closer zebra.
a giraffe laying down.
A giraffe lying down.
The larger of two zebras.
A larger zebra, drinking water on the right.
Second giraffe from the left in the procession of four.
The first full view giraffe on the left.
The giraffe facing the camera.
Tall giraffe with its neck crooked to its right side.
A baby pointing at an elephant.
A baby pointing at an elephant.
An empty park bench in the foreground of the image.
A white man players hands with white gloves on.
players arm from the left trying to get the ball.
A table place mat.
A table with a placemat, silverware, and drink glasses.
A man in a white shit with a frisbee in his hand.
A man about to throw a white frisbee.
A lady in blue shirt with cartoon picture in it wearing eyeglasses is seeing the laptop.
A woman in a blue t-shirt.
a baby zebra.
A small zebra standing next to two adults.
black cat.
A black cat laying on a bed.
A baseball player batting.
batter.
A woman in rain boots trying to fix her umbrella.
The woman with the black umbrella.
boy holding skateboard.
a man holding a skateboard with sunglasses on.
A red bowl of food sitting next to two other red bowls.
A red bowl of green vegetables at the bottom of the table.
The empty plate behind the food.
Empty white plate behind a plate full of food.
Monitor with white words on screen.
A large black monitor next to a window.
A green sitting chair in front of the window screen.
A dark yellow chair sitting in front of a beautifully draped window.
the table that the birthday cake is on.
A birthday cake with lighted candles and a bouquet of flowers.
A brown bull with long pointy horns lying next to a white bull.
brown cow next to white cow.
Toothbrush with cover.
Motorized toothbrush in a cup net to toothpaste.
A GIRL WAS SITTING THE ANOTHER GIRL AND BABY.
Woman with a brown shirt sitting on the bench in the park talking to her friend.
The keyboard in front of the man.
There is keyboard infront of labtop.
woman holding a kite.
grandma with kite.
red sauce on plate.
A cup of sauce.
A woman in an apron stirring food.
An elderly woman with white hair cooking.
childen's double bed.
A styrofoam cup.
the white Styrofoam cup behind the bun.
young boy sitting with his younger brother dressed up for a picture at a holiday event.
An older brother with a smile on his face.
A girl in a blue shirt plays Wii with a girl in a pink and red shirt.
A young girl in tan pants and blue long sleeve shirt holding a Wii remote standing next to another young girl.
The back of a dark green shirt on a person.
A man in a green shirt sitting at the end of a boat and next to a woman wearing a hat with elephants on it.
A white laptop.
Macbook computer open on a desk.
teddy bear with white dress.
a teddy bear wearing a shirt with white and yellow.
Horse, 2nd from the back.
a horse that is 2nd to last in a line.
the man handling a goat.
A man in a white shirt is holding a lamb's head.
female tennisp layer in red.
The woman serving the tennis ball.
The bench the young man is using as a skating area.
a bench with red and white planks.
A man wearing a white shirt and blue shorts holding a toilet plunger.
old man was playing.
The elephant's face.
An elephant's face.
The glass with a lime inside of it.
a glass  on tha tabule.
The white dog in the top left corner.
A shaggy light brown dog.
a person in a grey longsleeve shirt.
A young man with a mullet holding a beer next to the door.
A woman in blue sweater and purple skirt.
woman.
first white color car from the right side of the image.
white utility truck parked on curb near building.
A bundle of carrots sits among the other vegetables.
Carrots in the center of all of the vegetables.
A brown cow wearing a blue rope halter and a chain around it's neck.
The face and neck of a brown cow wearing a blue rope on its face and chain around its neck.
Worker in a gray shirt focused on working a lathe.
The man with a tshirt operating the machine.
A white color near a display case in a restaurant.
A white freezer.
A side to some black luggage.
A man helping a baby ride a skateboard.
The man in the black shirt holding the baby on the skateboard.
the boy on the left, wearing a brown shirt.
Little boy wearing a dark shirt.
The hand holding the apple.
A hand facing palms up, holding an apple.
A zebra eating some hay.
A zebra eating grass facing the right.
A wooden spoon in the yellow food.
A spoon in the rice.
umbrella on right saying bikini beach.
Beach cabana on the right.
An long hair man.
The head of a woman standing beneath some bananas.
a brown horse with a white stripe on its nose.
Brown horse with another horse on the right and their owners.
snacks.
A large slice of pizza in front of another slice.
A woman holding an umbrella, looking over the shoulder of another woman.
the girl leaning over the other's shoulder.
A woman wearing a backpack resting her hand on the sofa.
A woman with a white shirt and a backpack standing beside two men.
The pizza on the right has darker colored ingredients.
A personal pan pizza with cheese and mushrooms.
bundle of bananas on platter.
A bunch of bananas on a wooden table.
A black monitor on the desk.
A black, shiny electronic item in front of a brown wooden clock.
Circle chocolate pastry next to long chocolate pastry.
A piece of dessert on a white paper.
A toddler wearing a suit jacket and a blue and yellow tie.
The blonde boy in the sports jacket.
A bench with three visible nails.
the person with their keys on their belt loop.
Body parts of a man looking mobile phone.
the pitcher in white.
The pitcher.
a child running the bases.
A girl running to first base with a #7 on her jersey.
a woman in a white shirt.
The woman in the white shirt.
A monitor between two other monitors.
A computer monitor between two other computer monitors, and behind a laptop.
Back of empty pushed in chair.
An empty chair in front of a table on which food items are kept.
A female mannequin with her skirt blowing up.
woman wearing white skirt.
girl in orange shirt.
A dog lying on a wooden floor infront of a mirror.
A brown and white dog sleeping in front of the mirrot.
zebra closest to the camera.
The zebra that is facing forward more.
A black dog is lying on the bed beside the brown dog in front of a suitcase.
The dog on the left with black fur.
the chair the man in blue is sitting in.
A chair with a man with a blue and striped shirt sitting on it.
a computer chair pulled up to a desk.
The chair at the desk.
A guy huging a bear.
A man in a hawaiian shirt with his arm around a bear.
blue flip phone.
The three cell phones next to the large home phone.
Child in maroon shirt.
Young boy wearing a maroon long-sleeved shirt and playing Wii.
big slice of pizza on a plate to the right of a plate with pizza and a glass of beer.
Pizza slice closest to empty table surface and next table.
A blurry head of someone watching a man in the ocean.
A person with short hair seems to be watchign a surfer int eh water.
THE DRIVER IS PUTTING ONE HAND ON STEERING AND THE OTHER HAND ON GEAR ROD.
A bus driver wearing a short sleeved shirt and black pants.
A yellow train travelling under a bridge and along down the railroad tracks.
A LONG TRAIN RUNNING ON THE FIRST TRACK.
The upside down blue chair.
blue lawn chair in front view.
A flamingo standing next to a black bucket behind two other flamingos.
The cut-off of a crane.
Red Skis being worn by man in red and blue coat.
A pair of red skies the woman is wearing.
The back of a striped shirt facing away from an overjoyed woman playing a Nintendo Wii game.
a man in a striped shirt.
a long brown sofa with no people on it.
a brown couch with no one sitting on it.
The girl on the left has short hair.
Women to the left with water bottle.
A man.
A MAN FACING CAMERA HE IS WEARING BLACK SHIRT.
Man in soccer clothes aims at the ball with his foot between the two opposing members.
A MAN PLAYING THE FOODBALL GAME WITH ANOTHER PLAYERS.
The standing cook in white hat and outfit holding a knife up.
A male chef holding up a knife in a kitchen.
A brown and white giraffe bending down to eat.
A giraffee grazing.
a chubby police officer on a motorcycle numbered c-21.
The police bike in the very front with c-21 on it.
The cow with a yellow tag in each ear.
A dark brown cow with yelow tags.
A brown zipper bag.
A brown toiletry bag with an oblong shape and a white unzipped zipper.
piece of orange in the right side of the image.
Half of orange on the right.
the right slice of orange in the right hand picture.
The woman who is not standing at the lap top computer.
the woman on the right.
Woman in a checkered coat walking under the blue dotted umbrella.
A woman with a checkered jacket and black leather purse walks and looks down.
a taller woman under an umbrella.
A man with a beard looking down at something in his hands.
A bearded man in a black t shirt with a laptop in front of him.
A giraffe standing to the left of another giraffe.
the giraffe closest in the picture.
A white container near a banana and mars bar.
older daughter in stripe shirt.
a baby is watching plate by wearing white tea shirt with red,pink and light green lines.
A chair than a man in a red shirt is sitting in.
The lawnchair that the man on the red shirt is sitting on.
The open book.
An open book on a desk full of clutter.
A boy in a striped shirt eating a hot dog.
A little boy eating a hot dog.
A cream diamond shape urinal.
A Urinal.
A boy wearing a black shirt that is holding his racket down.
the boy wearing the black shirt and jeans.
group of animals grazing.
the biggest lamb.
Motorcycle thats white red and black.
black and white motorcycle with red rims.
A beach chair that is being used by a young woman in a striped bikini.
the vacant chair on the right.
Empty chair to the right of the man.
The horse that the child is riding on.
A white horse tethered to a fence.
Train with driver in it, behind red car with red sign.
A black train passes in the background.
hanging plant sitting on ground.
plant.
Green and red apple.
The top of a red and green apple.
A man in a plain light blue collared shirt using equipment.
A man in a blue shirt and glasses.
A woman with brown hair.
The woman in the red jacket sitting in the snow.
The motorcycle rider.
A man in a blue cap, blue shirt, and blue jeans who is sitting on a motorcycle.
The golden haired dog.
dog.
Woman in green shirt holding cake.
girl holding a pink cake.
futon couch.
couch or futon with blue blanket and plaid blanket and a laptop on it.
A tall plant in a large blue pot.
Big blue pot with plants in it near cats.
A woman in a tennis  blue & white dress with a red sunvisor on the tennis courts.
a women in the grand one person  playing the tennis.
the biggest elephant, facing the vehicle.
an elephant standing near a tree in a game park.
Yellow surf board handling by a mand.
A yellow surfboard.
A round donut surrounded by three donuts with holes.
right hand bear standing next to bottle.
A red knit teddy bear with a white scarf who is not holding a flower key chain.
the inside of the bathtub.
The inside of the bathtub.
A green pickle in a bowl near a sandwich.
A bowl with a pickle in it.
elephant on left of other animals.
the first elephant from the front.
A white train.
orange and white train on a track.
A denim and brown messenger bag.
The bag and the books on the lap of the person sitting near the statue.
plane with 279 on the side.
An airplane numbered 279.
A monitor that is being used, on the left side of another black monitor.
The monitor of a compter sitting on a blue box.
an elephant with a smaller elephant behind it.
The large elephant.
A man grinning and hold up a baby.
the man holding the baby.
A brown glass of water.
The jar of amber colored liquid next to the salt shaker that is not the ketchup bottle.
A metal fork balanced on the edge of plate.
fork.
the middle forefront giraffe in the right hand picture.
giraffe in the middle of some bushes.
Plant in brown planter in front of grey wall.
A plant in a brown pot.
A plastic grocery bag on someone's arm.
the plastic bag the women is holding.
A woman holding a laptop with long curly hair.
A woman wearing jeans holding a laptop sitting inbetween two other women.
A brown chair facing the kitchen.
a duck in watwr.
The brown duck in front of the black duck.
back of dining room chair.
A wooden chair with a woman in it.
The bench seat.
a wooden bench.
The main pie on the table with strawberries.
A brown coloured cake with icing and strawberries on its top in front of a lady.
A boy is a black jacket riding skateboard on ramp.
A young person wearing a black jacket and dark jeans who is skateboarding down a ramp.
the brown bench that the man in the tan jacket is sitting on.
The man in tan coat.
A man with his chin in his palm looking out the window.
GREY COLOR SHOWPA AND THEIR TWO GREY COLOR PILLOW AND SLIPPING THE DOG.
A blue couch nearest the front door.
the surfboard that is to the righ showing the most.
A white surfboard with blue trim that doesn't have fins attached.
A white teddy bear with blue feet.
A white stuffed animal with blue paws.
a pizza being smelled.
A pizza missing a slice.
A boy drinking from a plastic container of body milk.
The woman in the pink shirt up on a chair, but not the chair legs.
woman standing on chair in background wearing pink shirt.
white plate under the bowl and the green vegetables.
The white part of the table shown.
A yellow stuffed teddy bear.
a teddy bear that is on top of a car next to the pink teddy bear.
The deep dish pizza with the pizza cutter in the pan.
A meal baked in a round tin.
A man in an orange hat and blue sunglasses.
A man wearing a hat and glasses.
Elephant in the front.
A elephant which is in front of the other and its head is fully visible.
the surfboard on the left in front of a guy in a white tank top.
Surfboard on the left in front of the boys.
A man wearing a plaid shirt using a food processor.
a man in a plade shirt.
A vertical toothbrush that is shaped like a person.  It is in the right side of a 'BOD' package.
brush.
baseball batting coach.
The man who has a black hat on, and all you can see is his head.
the back of a black chair with a woman wearing black sitting in it.
A red and black computer chair.
Man whearing a multicolor striped shirt is smiling.
A young man in a striped shirt.
The man in the blue vest looking at planes take off with a girlfriend.
The man in the grey vest.
A dog sleeps next to a person on a bench.
A dog sleeping on a bench.
wooden stick in the left side of the image.
a bloody baseball bat sitting underneath a black helmet.
A little boy sitting on a bench.
The boy sitting down behind the fence without a hat.
The silhouette of a man holding an umbrella.
A MAN WATCHING SUNSET.
a black chair holding a person in a blue shirt.
The back of a chair a person in blue is sitting in.
The lighter cow.
A brown goat looks skinny and is waiting on a red bricked sidewalk.
A calico cat on the bike.
A black and white cat.
glass holding pink and blue toothbrushes.
A glass on top of a coaster that is holding two toothbrushes.
the chair that the fat guy in white is sitting on.
a picture of a person in white tee shirt on the right].
A boy wearing a hat and talking on a mobile phone.
a man smiling on his phone.
A brown big teady bear side of small one.
The larger of two small teddy bears on a Canon camera.
The front-left side of a military vehicle near a truck with a plane on it.
There is one old fashioned car standing on the road.
Orange all the way to left.
A person with a white shirt and silver belt buckle.
A young woman facing the camera wearing a school uniform and adjusting her tie.
A zebra doesn't have birds on its back.
The back of a zebra behind two birds.
The back portion of a high chair for a child.
The back of a highchair.
crystal cake platter.
Cake platter.
Man in a black shirt peeking over a stall.
A man standing on top of a toilet.
The reflection of a brown cat.
A black cats reflection in the mirror.
the couch with yellow and red cushions in the right hand picture.
Wooden couch with a bunch of various pillows on it.
a zebra eating grass to the left of another zebra.
food at on top.
a boy with one boy.
The smaller boy on the right.
A woman wearing a floral dress playing a video game.
woman with dress.
The zebra in the back.
Two zebras standing together in forest.
The Opkins binder on the right of the clock.
A white sign with black writing next to a clock.
Man wearing tan coat.
man in a khaki shirt on skis standing between two other skiers.
a lady with white shorts and a brown top lying on the bed with her legs up.
A woman in black top lying on the bed by keeping legs upward.
A red bus that is almost out of sight to the left.
the bus nearly out of the frame.
A cup that is full and has the number 7 on it.
A cream color cup near a laptop.
The coffee mug next to the macbook.
The light brown horse standing on a windy beach.
a yellow horse on the beach.
A baseball bat in the hand of a boy.
The bat the little boy in the helmet is holding.
black cow.
the black cow behind the fence.
the bananas sitting in front of the woman.
larger bunch of bananas.
man with blue color t-shirt and black color trousers.
a man in a blue shirt.
a women was watching cell.
The person in the green shirt.
Real wheel of a mounted bicycle.
rear tire of a bicycle.
The white chair with a garment on it that is partly under the table.
An old woman in black standing with her luggage.
An older woman holding luggage and wearing a black sweater.
bus that will leave first.
A piece of broccoli in  the center of the plate.
single piece of brocolli in center of plate.
FRIED EGGS ON A BREAKFAST PLATE FILLED WITH FRUITS, BACON AND TOAST.
Fried egg on a white plate next to strawberries, bacon, and toast.
A chair with a barefoot woman in it.
the couch on the left side.
partially visible BMW car behind the policeman.
A PIECE OF PIZZA IN A PLATE.
Slices of pizza sit on a paper plate.
The red bus whose front end is blocked from view.
The orange bus with a yellow rear view mirror.
A carrier van of red color, parked on the side of the streets.
Red pickup truck with a white license plate.
A white briefcase with brown lining chained to two other briefcases.
A cream colored luggage with brown trim, secured with a metal chain.
A woman in a blue shirt holding a bowl.
A woman in a teal blue shirt standing at a kitchen counter holding a bowl.
An adult sheep in the background of the two lambs.
A mother sheep looking at the camera.
There is one white mixed with other colors bus standing on the road.
White bus with red and green stripes stands at bus stop.
white snowboard.
The snowboard being carried by the person wearing a light blue jacket and a blue back pack.
A chair occupied by a woman.
A metal chair in the park, with a girl sitting on it.
The person wearing a blue shirt and khaki shorts.
a man in a blue shirt.
a bus in the bustop.
A tan and red bus with the numbers 81A on the top.
small bowl above the broccoli dish.
small bowl above the broccoli dish.
a man on a skateboard looking back at the camera.
The man wearing the black shirt and blue jeans.
Sheep with a white leg.
A sheep with wool on its forehead and horizontal ears eating grass.
A little boy on a skateboard.
A little boy riding a skateboard.
An ornate clock with roman numerals and an astrological clock on a clocktower.
A clock with different dials.
An apple in the center of oranges.
The apple in the middle.
The horse to the furthest left.
A black horse with all four feet in the air.
The green hanging plant in front of the blue plates on the wall.
A hanging basket of ivy.
A food item below a spoon and fork.
The pizza which has all the toppings collected in the center.
The pizza closest to the little girl in the yellow sweater.
A taller yellow bear.
bright yellow stuffed bear.
a girl in a bikini and towel holding a surfboard.
A woman in a swimsuit.
A sausage on a bun without a bite taken out of it.
The uneaten hot dogs.
the right chair in the right hand picture.
A boat with light, sailing on the lake.
A live guard boat in the river.
The side of a parking meter.
meter far right.
A golden retriever in a red helper dog vest.
A dog sitting next to a man in black is on a leash.
giraffe stretching tall to eat.
A giraffe with its head up.
purple flowers in a blue vase.
A potted plant, wrapped in blue material, with two red flowers showing.
a man wearing a blue t-shirt walking out of the room.
A man in a dark shirt and jeans walking out of the room.
WOMAN ON RIGHT WITH SHORT BROWN HAIR.
An old-fashioned train car.
oldest train waiting to travel.
The giraffe that is in front of the other giraffe.
A yellow tennis racket being held next to a red one.
Man in grey t-shirt's tennis racket.
a small giraffe sticking its head over a railing near a yellow rope.
Two giraffes which are looking at some bystanders in the zoo.
Skateboarder with plaid hat.
Skateboarder with checkered hat sitting on left.
PART OF A BLACK COLOURED CAR IN FRONT  OF A ZEBRA.
The front hood of a black car.
One person skating in the road in red and white dress with white helmet is coming in front.
A skateboarder in white clothing and a white helmet.
A bed in the room.
Brown smallish cow.
A baby cow.
coucch with white cushion in  a living room.
white colored couch.
white screen in the right side of the image.
The projection screen to the right of the people.
a young boy jumping on his skateboard.
The man wearing blue jeans in the air with a skateboard.
Sausage link nearest to a pile of scrambled eggs.
the sausage on the plate closest to the center of the plate.
A woman holding a bear.
women was catching doll.
An empty sink with the top of a container of black food visible just in front of it.
a sink in the wooden counter.
man standing on the street with black jacket.
man standing in the right side of the image.
A man with long hair wearing a black backpack.
A man wearing a bag on his back with a woman holding a kite.
the tail of the plane in the back.
White color back stabilizer of the third plane standing after the truck.
A man with glasses sitting on a chair.
A white T-shirt person is smiling by seeing the action made by a another person.
Player with the number 8 on his shirt.
A man  playing football with jersey number 8.
A boy wearing shorts plays Frisbee with two others.
man in white shirt.
A man in green jacket wearing a backpack with a skateboard.
a man with a skateboard in his backpack.
The person on the left.
A woman leaning toward a man.
large black suit case.
a black suit case.
The green and white poka dot umbrella.
A green and white umbrella.
The zebra on the right that has its head lower.
The zebra that has its eye mostly obscured by grass.
A creased white long sleeved shirt.
The person in the white shirt behind the wine glasses.
A small beautiful giraffe accompanied by its mother looking around in a jungle field.
A baby giraffe next to a large giraffe in tall brown grass.
The blue toothbrush.
the blue and green toothbrush in the center.
a man with blue t shirt.
A man and military officer unite hands in cake cutting.
A baseball player wearing the number 7.
A bats man with bat in his hand running on the ground.
the woman.
Woman in grey tank.
A zebra standing in front of 3 other zebras.
A zebra standing facing to the left in front of the others, the closest to the camera.
A small boy eating the sandwich.
a boy etting in food.
a man in an orange striped shirt on the back of a bike.
The person on the back of the motorcycle.
A man in a green shirt on a skateboard at a skate park.
A man in a green shirt and white shorts on a skateboard.
Car seen through the window.
A car parked outside next to a cat riding inside a vehicle.
Baby zebra in back of the other two baby zebras.
a laptop on tabule.
A laptop being used by a man in a green shirt.
Puffin standing on rock and facing right.
A bird to the right of another bird.
The girl in the pink and white shirt.
A girl in a kitchen.
Man standing on a scenic overlook with a cigarette in his mouth.
A man standing in front of the woman on the bench.
Black metal benches facing to the right.
A MAN STANDING THE BACK SIDE POSITION HOLDING THE HAND IN KITE.
A guy in a brown shirt.
A little girl smiling as a woman cuts a cake.
A little girl wearing a maroon shirt, visibly happy to get a piece of the cake.
A sheep in front of a second sheep.
a white sheep standing to the right front of a another sheep.
An empty wicker chair.
A chair on patio of a beautiful green area.
a toy girl waring the dress in the show room.
A female mannequin in a red skirt with arms over its head.
Brown leather couch that four people are seated on.
a brown leather couch on which 4 people sit.
THREE ZEBRA FIGHT THE  FOREEST.
A white and black zebra eating a branch.
A male holding up two objects.
A young adult smiling, holding an object in each hand.
the woman whose head is blocking the O in ROCK.
Blond girl in red dress posing with left arm behind head.
this is a blue chair next to a guitar.
A blue computer chair that is empty.
A woman in a blue jacket carrying a purse with a small dog in it.
woman with dog in purse.
Tan and white chair in a living room.
The brown and white chair with no pillow on it.
A white toilet next to a bidet.
A white and tan toilet under a window in a bathroom.
Off colored light and gray bus with lots of windows.
A grey and white bus.
a woman wearing a white shirt and black shorts walking.
A woman in a white shirt and black shorts walking away from a little girl with an umbrella.
A black car turning onto a street.
black car on snowy street under a green traffic light.
Pile of jelly beans above the carrots.
A container of Jelly Belly jelly beans inside a lunch box.
crouching man.
man bending over.
A basket full of flowering plants sitting on top of a stack of cardboard boxes.
Pale yellow color flowers arranged on the table.
A piece of chocolate pie on a plate of assorted desserts.
A small wedge of chocolate cheesecake on a white plate with other desserts.
A woman on a motorcycle.
women sitting side saddle on motorcycle in orange dress.
A jiraffe whom the man is looking.
A giraffe, being petted/fed by a man.
a man blurred out while walking.
The blurred man in the background.
a red bench/seat on top of an elephant's back.
A red bench that is empty and on top of an elephant.
An open toilet with the lid up.
A toilet with it's seat up between two other toilets.
the cow behind the cow with the blue lace.
A brown cow with a red collar that is hiding behind another cow.
A SECOND KEEPER OF BASEBALL GAME WEARING BLACK COLOR T SHIRT.
A squatting umpire.
The head and trunk of a small elephant that is standing next to two other elephants in a pen.
the table supporting the pizza.
The area of table top to the right of the cutting board the pizza is on.
The ski's the boy in the red jacket is wearing.
A red and yellow skies.
man in a red polo shirt with blue lettering.
A man on the far right on a couch.
a scoop of sweet potatoes.
The brownish ball of food that is to the left of a wrap sandwich.
A young boy with black shorts.
boy wearing black shorts.
A woman checking the parking meter.
A woman with a white coat putting money into a parking meter.
horse in the back.
A horse with it's head down in the background.
A red bowl containing sliced apples.
A plastic, red, square bowl of sliced apples in a lunch box with other food.
A shaggy sheep sticking its head out of the fence to eat some grass.
sheep closest to the fence.
A female skier.
A blurred woman can be seen skiing behind the man.
white Double decker bus  with green diagonal stripe on bottom following behind blue truck.
A green and white two story bus with a blue tow truck in front of it.
The cow to the left of the others.
a pitcher in a white uniform pitches a curve ball.
A man wearing a long-sleeved shirt who has just thrown a baseball.
knife adjacent to the fork.
A kitchen knife next to the plate.
A taco that has beef, lettuce, onions, and something white inside.
The taco on the right.
the man holding the two yellow surfboards.
the shirtless guy in the right hand picture.
A swimmer in blue shorts holding his boards.
The cup that the apostrophe cannot be seen on.
The drink that is closest.
An African-American baseball player wearing sunglasses.
The gloved left hand of a Bradenton baseball player.
A parking meter being activated by a woman with a credit card.
A parking meter that a woman is putting her credit card into.
A chair closest to the donuts.
A chair nearest to some donuts.
The sliced vegges in a little tray.
the carrots and cucumbers next to the tomatoes.
The boy wearing a blue shirt and blue shorts holding a tennis racket.
The boy pictures on the right is wearing sunglasses.
Two zebras facing the right next to each other, but only the head of the left most zebra.
a grazing zebra standing to the right of two other zebras.
The central image of the group of a china bowl on a hob.
The bowl in the middle with orange things in it.
A long-necked giraffe walks to right-rear of a trio's leader.
Two giraffes on the left side of an image of sprawling plains.
man in red shirt.
A man in a red sweater wearing glasses.
Elephant that's following another elephant.
Elephant walking behind the other elephant.
The man on the horse to the far right.
a policeman in a blue shirt riding a horse.
a pastry that is darker brown than the other two.
a powdered sugar donut above two other powdered donuts.
a black horse galloping with a brown horse in a pasture.
A dark brown horse in a field.
the head and shoulders and one leg of a goat closest to the dog.
The chair the boy and girl are sitting on.
A sofa upon which a man and woman are sitting.
a shirtless man doing pushups on a skateboard.
man on skateboard and road.
The elephant in the front left, facing left.
person in back on left.
A woman wearing a sweater vest and holding a cake.
A dark haired woman wearing a vest layered over a white shirt carrying a double layer chocolate cake with candles.
The woman facing away from the camera wearing a tan backpack and wedge style boots.
A woman with a back pack.
The baby with a pacifier in its mouth.
A baby who is hearing a story.
a suitcase on the bottom right.
case bottom right.
Title on the binding of the black book.
A book with the title, 100 Most Important Women of the 20th Century.
A sanwich closests to the chopsticks.
the bottom most piece of food.
THe girl on her phone in the middle.
An Asian woman on the subway wearing white stockings and a black jacket, checking her cell phone.
The man in the red shirt and black beanie.
Guy in the beanie on the right.
A kid with yellow shirt is trying to eat with his spoon.
An infant holding a blue spoon with cake all over his hands and face.
a sheep crossing the road.
The sheep that is fully visible.
Oven fixed on the top of the gas stove.
Clear glass of wine with red wine sitting in it on table.
A close-up photo of a wine glass filled with red wine.
a man wearing a silver suit.
A man wearing a gray business suit and a purple striped tie.
right side sofa is in front of tv.
A brown couch cushion.
The backpack behind the dog's head.
The bag on the bench next to the person sitting.
A BOY IN A LONG SLEEVED SHIRT WATCHING THE LITTLE GIRL HIT A BALL.
A boy in blue jeans and grey shirt with two hands near the mouth is standing in grass.
A man with glasses on his head eating pizza.
A man eating pizza with sunglasses on his head.
A blue empty plate.
it looks like a black plate.
brown suitcase.
Brown suitcase.
A black shoe and pants standing on asphalt behind someone else who is wearing jeans.
a man wearing black jeans standing on a road.
the red umbrella behind oranges.
An red umbrella in the market.
SOFA WHICH IS UNDER THE STAIRCASE.
stuffed chair with its back to the stairs.
ONE OF A SOFA IN A HALL.
a plaid chair facing the television.
The woman sitting on the motorcycle.
A woman wearing a dress sitting next to a man on a motorcycle.
A one slice section in the south east portion of the cheese and sausage pizza.
man riding brown horse.
A woman wearing eyeglasses and boots riding a horse.
A boy in a yellow shirt.
A small boy in a yellow shirt watching his friends play with a kite.
The shorter of the two giraffes.
The giraffe to the right.
the torso os a person wearing a pink shirt.
A person in a pink shirt on a boat with two women and a stuffed panda.
The back of a woman sitting down in a seat looking at an airplane through a window.
A black haired lady sitting a black chair facing a window.
A black and white zebra standing sideways facing another zebra.
A zebra with it's nose on the other zebra.
Baby giraffe with mother.
The baby giraffe.
The person with the black face mask on.
The skier on the left wearing the mask.
Half a sandwich sitting to the inner side of the container.
Half of a whole wheat sandwich with tuna and lettuce.
A person in a blue uniform, playing a soccer game.
A woman in blue running.
half of sandwich closest to camera.
The sandwich that has a bit out of it.
GROUP OF APPLE IN BETWEEN BANANAS.
two slice of pepperani pizza.
Pizza on the dining table.
A teenage male riding a surfboard on his stomach.
A man lying down on a surf board.
The back of a silver car.
The backend of a gray car.
a large giraffe walking around a field.
A giraffe that is standing up with its head pointed towards the ground.
A baby boy wearing a green and blue shirt holding a water bottle.
an asian baby with a green and blue striped shirt.
A small Girafee.
Small young giraffe standing with head next to a wooden pole.
A bathtub with towels and a champagne bottle nearby.
The bathtub near the window.
the black case in the aisle with a white tag.
A black suitcase with a white airport identification tag.
lady sitting at table drinking wine.
A woman with red hair drinking an alcoholic drink.
Man holding a baseball bat.
a man in a grey uniform batting in a baseball game.
a bowl of yogurt and berries to the right of a second bowl.
The dessert to the right of the other dessert.
Two men, one wearing a white t-shirt with red on it riding on a brown elephant.
A man in a white shirt riding an elephant.
The table under the cake and dog.
The table that has the pink cover.
A very dirty elephant with some sort of headgear on.
The elephant whose ear is visible.
A giant panda kite is being fliwn.
A large panda bear balloon floating above people.
White horse on the far right.
the horse watching the other two.
A wicker chair that is unoccupied.
The chair in front of the window.
This is the closest giraffe to the camera.
the shorter giraffe.
A pointer finger helping to hold up a peeled orange.
The tv behind the toy car.
A non-hd television behind a yellow toy car for children.
the front elephant in the right hand picture.
the elephant closest to the camera.
A tennis player that is covering part of the woman in the back.
The tennis player on the left.
A wine glass with little vodka in it, is holding by a beautiful lady.
WINE CLASS WITH WINE  HOLDING A LADY.
the reflection in the window of a person in the right hand picture.
someone outside the window.
A man wearing a black wet suit on a white surf board surfing alongside another man who is closer to the shore.
a man's leg in the background wearing blue.
The green table umbrella behind the striped umbrella near a man with no shirt on.
A green umbrella.
A boat behind the dog's butt.
the green shirt across the table.
a man wearing a green jacket.
A woman with a pink shirt and black handbag.
A lady in a pink shirt.
An Asian woman hitting a tennis ball with her tennis rack.
A woman in white top in the middle of her tennis swing.
A guy riding a skateboard.
Guy with arms out skateboarding with headband on.
a black cat is sleeping near another cat on top of a bed.
black cat curled up on cushion.
cars blanket on ground.
A blanket with an animated car on it.
A girl with a hat standing with a bicycle.
a woman in a black hat, grey hoodie and black pants holding a bike talking to a person next to her.
The zebra on the right.
Large zebra facing towards camera eating.
An elephant behind the man.
Elephant behind man.
Tennis racket of the woman with white shirt.
The racquet to the right.
A computer monitor on a desk.
The white computer monitor on the right with the picture above it.
A man in a blue and white shirt holding a baseball bat.
a man with a bat.
a man wearing a signed Orioles #18 baseball tshirt.
A man wearing a Baltimore Orioles t-shirt is choosing a slice of pizza.
Brown and black computer desk with two cats lying on it.
table in which cats are sleeping.
a laptop to the left of a bag.
laptop on left.
Giraffe by himself on the right.
The giraffe to the right of two other giraffes.
A woman with a grey sweater and a white shirt.
A lady with blonde hair a light blue jacket and dark stone necklace sitting at a table.
a man wearing orange t-shirt.
A man in an orange colored shirt with a pair of glasses hanging from the shirt.
A piece of green seasoned meat sitting in a bowl of pasta.
The larger of the two pieces of broccoli.
A man standing.
A man with a black short and white shirt standing in front of another.
Middle of the three bowls of food.
A bowl of oatmeal with a spoon in it that is only  metal.
The third seat from the camera lens.
A train in right side.
These three passenger cars are reflecting the sunlight from the window.
Player whose number begins with '2'.
Lowest jumping player.
A person wearing jeans and a black shirt carrying a bag from Progressive.
The pair of jeans being held by the woman on the right of the dark green motorcycle.
The man in the white shirt.
The man jumping who is wearing a white shirt and a light colored shorts.
A red four door car parked by a meter.
a parked red 4 door car.
A player in white swinging at the ball.
A Dodgers batter swings and misses the pitch.
The fork between the bread plate and dinner plate.
A somewhat vertical fork near a horizontal fork.
A pink and white surfboard being ridden by a man.
A white and pink surfboard with a man riding it on a wave.
A male in a green shirt holds a video game controller.
a person wearing green colour shirt.
The clock facing the camera on the clock tower.
Clock face.
black bike behind back yellow wheel.
Motorcycle with license plate ending in ZH.
The man with the bat wearing his shirt untucked.
A baseball player holding the bat away from his body.
a guy in a black wet suit carrying a white surfboard to the beach.
a person holding a surfboard.
A silver train with a blue stripe is on the track.
The silver train with the blue line across it.
A pair of skis on a girl in a pink jacket.
A woman wearing red while snowboarding.
A woman in a red jacket is wearing skis next to the man in white and gray.
A woman tugging on her earbuds in her ears.
A woman in the street holding her white headphones.
An asleep cat to the right side of another cat.
A tabby cat sleeping on top of another tabby cat.
a little girl in a flower print dress.
A young girl in a blue dress.
The tennis player by the net.
tennis player closest to net.
An umpire in black.
the umpire getting ready to call a runner safe or out.
Goat on the left.
A ram with two large curly horns standing in a forest.
A woman wearing purple talking on a cell phone.
A picture of a woman in purple on her phone.
a slice of blue cake.
A piece of blue cake in the foreground.
The tall man in black standing behind the man in the light colored hat.
The man with the mustache wearing a hat.
The silver car next to the cow.
torch that the bear behind is holidng.
torch held by the second bear.
A brown slatted chair with two beige cushions.
A redheaded woman on a red computer.
A female in a black shirt typing on a orangy laptop.
The bus in front of the green car.
the yellow bus.
Slick of cake.
the small slice of cake on the square plate.
a man with a black shirt streching his hand to the baby.
The man with the black shirt is reaching for the baby.
A girl brushing her teeth holding a baby also brushing its teeth.
Woman with blonde hair bushing teeth.
A woman with a white shirt looking down.
a women wearing the white colour shirt.
The fan in the back watching the game.
A man with blue jeans sitting in the chair of stadium.
A zebra eats from the right end of a trough.
A zebra leaning down to eat out of a wooden trough.
Girl in a purple shirt throwing a Frisbee.
a girl with shorts.
a food on tabule.
A table with pizza slices and beer on it.
A large grey turbine engine.
A aeroplane is very closely to the camera.
A wood chair with a brown seat cusion next to an old-style desk.
a chair closest to the camera.
A man wearing Nike shoes in a bright neon green top is playing Tennis.
Male tennis player serving in a tennis match.
Boy in black hoodie.
a man in a black hoodie eating something while holding a cellphone next to his face.
The green table cloth.
A GREEN DINNING TABLE NEAR BY 3 WOMENS 1 MAN.
The number 17 bike.
the motorcycle.
A brown couch.
the couch.
Grape jelly.
Cup of jelly at the top of the food spread.
A chair covered in books and newspapers.
A chair next to an exercise bike.
A white bowl full of yellow and green food.
dish in white bowl on right bottom of tray.
A round table covered in dishes and bottles.
A table with green cups on it.
An older airplane.
a WWII fighter plane with a sexy woman on the side.
The skis of the woman in white pants.
womans skiis.
A very big giraffe which is on the left most.
A giraffe , whose head is on yellow stick.
A van with a hand painted on the side.
A van with a hand decal on it.
The arm of the coach chair to the left of the woman.
The edge of a floral embroidered couch.
The motorcycle with a rose painted on it.
motorcycle on far outer right.
giraffe that is standing taller.
giraffe taller in sky.
the bench to the right of the table.
A bench facing the sign with the black arrow.
A green umbrella.
Rear end of the black horse.
a dark brown horse.
A wild turkey standing tall quite a distance from the other turkeys.
A bird away from the other birds.
white boat with bow pointing toward camera.
Shortest brother.
BOYS.
smaller open laptop with brand sticker on bottom left of keyboard and a white usb cord attached on the left side.
Open laptop to the left of the front middle laptop.
A young boy brushing his teeth outside next to an older boy.
Toddler boy in shorts and t-shirt with a toothbrush in his mouth while standing in yard with another young boy.
umbrella right.
Half of a light brown umbrella.
The boat with the Canadian flag.
A large boat with red and white flag.
Young girl with a baseball bat sitting on the grass.
A young girl sitting on the field holding up a baseball bat.
A man in white getting ready to serve.
A man in all white holding a tennis racket.
A girl sitting on a bench smiling at a boy.
girl on bench with guy.
A black cat in a sink.
A fluffy black cat sniffing around a bathroom sink.
The man wearing the patterned shirt.
A man wearing a color shirt and blue jeans plays video game.
A girl sitting behind an orange cup.
a women with brown hair.
rainbow colored umbrella over a gent.
A striped umbrella above a man's head.
quesidilla in the middle.
A brown pizza in the midst of two others in a plate.
a surfboard stuck in the sand.
the surfboard in the sand in the right hand picture.
A woman standing behind the net.
A lady standing up.
Orange shorts and black bag with arm over it.
The right leg and black bag of a man in orange shorts.
cluster of broccoli at bottom right of pile of veggies.
the knife on pizza in the first plate.
A knife rests on half of a pizza.
A dark haired woman looking off.
a medium length brown haired woman in a white shirt.
a yellow suitcase with stamps applied to it.
The yellow suitcase.
the taller girl with a black rubber band in her hair.
The back of a girls head with a black hair tie, holding a paper.
The piece of bread on the right of the plate.
the sandwich on the right.
friut in the too right corners.
The four slices of blood orange with the rind of the closes one not included.
Pieces of broccoli on a cutting board next to some peeled carrots.
broccoli next to carrots.
Vinagarette dressing in a plastic container.
Plastic cup of red salad dressing.
man.
guy with glasses and olive colored shirt.
The woman standing on the cliff.
a girl in a white color dress.
a chair in the dining hall.
chair kept in home.
Some kind of device that is enclosed in a brown suitcase.
A BROWN SUITCASE WITH A SILVER OBJECT IN IT.
bananas.
The bunch of bananas are being carried.
Woman with dark hair wearing a blue collared shirt.
An Asian woman with a blue shirt working at a table.
the left most piece of pizza in the right hand picture.
The slice of pizza in the upper left hand corner.
a man with white shirt and black helmet.
A baseball player swinging a baseball bat next to the catcher.
The adult sitting outside of the tub.
a person near a tub a kid in tub.
a woman wearing black dress and playing badminton.
woman with tennis racket.
The white minivan is behind the fence.
the small child being carried.
the baby.
A zebra standing with two other animals behind it.
A zebra standing facing the camera.
The toilet to my right.
A toilet to the right of another toilet.
The suitcase behind the two suitcases next to each other.
A monitor with Google Maps on it.
The monitor with a map displayed.
slice of pizza on paper plate.
The table and the plate with the big slice of pizza on it.
A long-haired boy skateboarding.
the skateboarder.
A man in a black shirt and tan shorts who is on one knee throwing a frisbee.
man throwing frisbee.
An elephant which is standing on the right side of the two elephants.
The bigger elephant on the right.
A young male child wearing red on a bus.
A boy with red jacket holding video game.
A man posing with a woman and an elephant.
Guy wearing a black T-Shirt in front of an elephant taking a photo.
Elephant standing behind the branch and second from the left.
Second elephant from the left whose trunk is upturned.
A woman in her bed with sheet covering up to her waist.
A woman on bed.
light umbrella on the left.
A studio lighting umbrella on the left.
big bear.
A brown bear looking at a rock.
Two pizzas and a person cutting one pizza and beer bottles.
The pizza that is being cut.
the big black bear.
A chair to the right of the table.
wooden chair with white cushion.
a clear champagne glass by a plate setting.
the champagne glass.
A man standing in the background with white shorts and white socks.
Tennis player in white in the background.
A yellow bike with a black basket in front.
the bike on the far right.
A MAN SITTING IN THE SOFA AND WEARING WHITE COLOR SHOE AND BLACK COLOR T SHIRT.
Man in Black shit sits on couch while other man plays with baby.
The hose in the background.
A horse is standing behind the woman.
cut piece of broccoli with cut face toward camera.
This is a piece of broccoli on the right of the bowl.
A women wearing blue top.
A woman in a blue shirt and jeans seen from behind.
green leafs.
A leaf of lettuce next to a bakery item within a foil wrapper.
saddle bag on girls back.
the side of a pink and black bag beneath a horse's head.
The man in black and shorts.
There is a red Craftsman boxcutter.
A red utility knife is between a knife and scissors.
A man in a white shirt and plaid shorts.
Man standing in the middle of two other guys and he's looking left with his mouth open.
A mother sheep with her baby nursing.
A mother sheep nursing her baby in a pasture.
A chair to the right of a window.
A comfy chair with pillow.
A giraffee with the old giraffee in the farm.
The baby giraffe.
hand of a person behind the person holding the remote.
the person barely visible arm in the right hand picture.
A blue and white colored bus parked in front of a green and white bus.
white and blue bus.
a donkey being held by a man who is kneeling down.
A pink and green umbrella attached to the front of a motorcycle.
An umbrella on a bike which is red and green in color above the rider.
A gourmet pizza is made with spinach and sausage and sits on the table with other pizzas.
The top half of the pizza directly visible in front of the picture.
Bitten apple.
Red apple with a bite taken out.
A brown couch.
brown sofa.
The bed to the right of the other bed furtherest from the desk.
A king bed on the right.
The bottle in the middle.
The middle wine bottle made by Township seven sitting at a table with two other bottles.
A box of few vegetables with green color.
Home-made Japanese bento box of kiwi but into flowers, walnuts in a cupcake holder, a carrot cut to be a star, and something in a yellow bear container.
a white man with a suit is smiling.
a man in a nice suit standing next to a woman.
A giraffe looking over a big rock.
A giraffe to the right of three others.
A woman sitting on a bench.
the woman sitting on the bench.
boy eating pizza crust.
A young child eating from a slice of pizza.
The slightly larger cow on the left.
Orange vehicle in the background behind a soldier.
Red vehicle behind the soldier.
a wooden table with pots and bowls above and below the table.
A wooden table with lots of bowls on top of it and with baskets on the floor to the right of it.
Bus to right of other buses.
A yellow bus waits for a large crowd to board.
A skier wearing a blue jacket and black pants standing close to the water.
A skier in a blue jacket.
A piece of flatbread on a white plate topped with lettuce and meat.
A lettuce, meat, and bread entree.
A man wearing brown shirts standing left of a woman.
A young man playing wii in a brown coat and holding a drink.
a man in glasses and a striped shirt makes a strange face while holding a plate of good and a plastic fork.
Man holding a plate wearing glasses.
a man with blue shirt.
A man with in blue shirt with tennis racket on his hand.
THE BIGGEST ELEPHANT IS RED.
This is the tallest elephant on the right.
The piece of pizza nearest to the camera.
The closest piece of pizza.
The brown sofa  next to the lamp, across the room from the television.
The couch sits empty behind the coffee table.
The hotdog closest to the camera.
A black cow.
A black cow.
A bearded man holding a drink in the kitchen.
A man in a black t-shirt is holding a drink in one hand.
Boy beside a man who is holding a baseball bat.
The boy with the red shirt standing closest to the man in the cream shirt.
A MAN ADJUSTING VOLUME IN REMOTE.
A man in wearing a red and blue striped shirt, pointing a remote.
A GIRL OPENED HIS BAG AND SEARCHING SOMETHING.
A person looking into a box by standing near another person.
brown round cake on left side of plate.
Dark round piece of bread with no frosting.
A blue and white ship  in the harbor.
The ship is anchored at the port.
baby carrots next to green beans in a fruit salad.
CARROT.
A vegetarian pizza covered in tomatos and greens.
a pizza in a box.
A woman moves to sit down on a wooden chair next to a child standing on a chair.
Woman in a black shirt and tan pants standing up from a brown chair.
A red yamaha motorcycle.
A read and white yamaha motorcycle with Marlboro decals.
Google page on large computer monitor.
A large, black laptop that is turned on.
A slice of orange food laying diagonally between two other pieces to the left of a large piece of broccoli.
A snowboarder grabbing his board in the air.
Person in white pants.
The time on the digital clock is 18:19.
The clock that reads 18:19.
some dounuts and sryup.
Donuts with a beverage in front of a man in a red T-shirt.
A woman with a purse near  food truck.
A woman in a black coat holding a bright red bag.
A girl with pink hair.
A girl in a pink wig standing on a bed.
A black Dell laptop.
black laptop right of the monitor.
little girl in pink dress standing on far side of table.
The girl in the white dress.
A man in a suit stands with his elbow resting on his friend's shoulder.
The man wearing the suit with the wrist watch.
A baseball catcher.
catcher in baseball game.
A father sleeping next to his son.
A father sleeping.
The older child brushing his teeth with the white tshirt.
A little boy in a white tie-dye shirt brushes his teeth while his little brother looks on.
A woman with glasses setting up a snack table.
A woman picking up a cup from a table.
Brown tabletop in the foreground.
table nearest camera.
a globular design on a lamp post next to a vase filled with flowers.
the bottom of a vase beside flowers.
taller man in black holding a surfborad.
Red item with black base.
A British style mailing post.
The back of a blonde girls head that is being held by a woman.
Little girl with long hair.
A man wearing red and white shorts on a skateboard.
A young man wearing a blue cap and white and red boxer shorts sitting on a skateboard moving down a street.
The laptop in the front that says '17:32' on it.
A tablet with keyboard.
A barefoot woman wearing a pink robe with a blue stripe at the bottom standing on a pink mat.
Girl in pink bath robe playing a game on the Wii.
A skier with a red shirt.
The person in the orange, red and black checked jacket has fallen on their snowboard.
A man wearing brown jacket and black pants drinking coffee from a white cup.
A man wearing a hat sipping on a white cup.
A lady cutting a man's hair with clippers.
A young child is using scissors.
The giraffe standing beside giraffe laying on ground.
A giraffe right next to a sitting giraffe.
A gray bear that is being put on top of the cream bear by the child.
A grey teddy bear.
A young girl wearing a floral top sitting in front of a purple sofa.
A girl sitting down wearing a short sleeved shirt.
the woman playing tennis on the right side but only in the right hand picture.
the man wearing the brown coat.
The guy in a beanie.
The lasagna with cheese on top of it.
Dish on the right hand side.
Fluffy dog standing on gravel.
A fluffy dog being held on a leash.
A woman facing away from the camera and watching a video game.
a girl standing in her living room playing wii.
A women wearing brown top holding a bowl.
A blonde woman with maroon sweater and jeans, holding a cassarole.
The African-American male.
A man with grey hair and wearing a suit talking to a woman.
The pinkish-red vase closest to the blue and white plate.
a red vase to the left.
A brown, distant 'Seaboard' train waiting on the tracks.
train that is brown in middle that says seaboard.
The man on the right that is wearing a blue shirt with a tan hat.
Man in blue holding the sheep head.
The woman in the white shirt.
A woman in a white shirt is holding a phone.
A MICROVEN IN KITCHEN.
The couch that is behind the gentleman playing the Wii. It is also to the left of the man, and to the coffee table.
a brown sofa with a white throw pillow.
a brown table.
This looks like a glass table.
a baseball player whose last name is Fields.
A baseball player with a blue hat warming up.
Woman wearing black sitting at the dinner table with a vegetable and fruit salad.
A person's elbows.
half of the sandwich on a plate.
sandwich with triangle bread.
The pizza on the bottom furthest out.
A hand made pineapple and ham pizza.
A donut with what appears to be coconut on top of it on a white plate with a blue rim.
The doughnut that has coconut sprinkled on top.
A gray striped cat sitting on the ground.
A blue colored bike with number 89 on its head.
Blue motorcycle.
The person in the background wearing a red shirt.
woman in orange shirt.
A slice of cheesy pizza on a white plate with a fork and knife on the right side.
Slice of pizza on a plate with fork and knife.
A white laptop comuter.
white laptop.
largest piece of broccoli touching the onions.
The white horse.
A gray horse in mid jump over two white and blue poles.
A black food truck.
a man with mobile phone.
A man in black t-shirt talking in the mobile.
the snowboard the man is standing on.
SKATE BOARDS ARE HIGH LIGHTED.
A Garuda plane with boarding stairs attached.
A airplane with stairs attached to it.
red color umbrella.
A red umbrella under which two women are walking.
The rightmost suitcase.
The luggage on the far right.
A child girl in white sweater sitting next to a male kid in a toy vehicle.
A young girl with her back to the camera is wearing a white shirt and has her hair pulled back into pigtails.
man in gray longsleeve shirt.
A man in gray.
woman in red and white shirt.
The woman with a red and white shirt on.
A child in a red shirt and blue jeans.
the back side of a young person wearing dark pants and red shirt seen thru a screen fence.
A yellow school bus behind another yellow school bus.
Urinal, in between two other urinals, white.
Urinal in the middle.
Woman walking with pink shirt and purple umbrella.
Girl in a pink shirt with a purple umbrella.
a blanket on the horse closest to the fence.
horse in back.
Red motorcycle and people hanging around in the background.
A red and black motorcycle with gold tire wheels.
a man wearing a red jersey and blue and red shorts holding a mit while reaching for a tennis ball.
man was throghing the boll.
A bottle of beer to the left of another bottle of beer.
The beer on the table showing the label name.
standing woman in a black jacket.
a young blond haired lady in a dark top standing next to a young short haired boy wearing a striped shirt.
A woman in a sleeveless shirt is sitting in the passenger seat watching a horse.
A person sitting next to the driver.
A man in a red sweatshirt and beanie.
A person in a red shirt and stocking cap.
A solid brown horse wearing a red and white saddle blanket.
A brown horse with a man on top.
the motorcycle with saddle bags being ridden by a man with a black helmet.
a man wearing a black shirt riding a bike.
Girl playing in the water with something attached to a boat.
The girl on the water skis.
A man taking a picture at what appears to be a wedding with another man.
a man with spiked blond hair wearing a bow tie.
A side salad or possible coleslaw.
A small blue bowl of salad.
chair far left.
A very slim view of a chair with olive cushions.
There is one girl wearing blue top holding a umbrella.
woman having rose colour hand bag.
A smiling woman in a black shirt playing Wii.
A woman in a black shirt.
An adult giraffe standing over a baby giraffe.
Two giraffe heads sticking out of a fence.
The skateboard the man is holding while doing a trick.
The skateboard.
the lady in the black coat.
a woman is texting on her phone.
A sheep standing behind two other sheep.
Handbag that the woman wearing glasses under the umbrella is carrying.
A patterned bag that an asian woman is holding.
Cow with black head facing toward top.
A cow with a dark brown head.
An arm of a dark skinned man in a white t shirt beside a tattooed woman.
A man riding a bike in desert runes.
person riding on a yellow dirt bike.
a steel blue car.
A blue, four-door SUV parked on the street.
A women wearing a blue shirt and blue shorts is sitting down.
An older woman in a blue tank top sitting at a table.
a woman holding a pink umbrella.
A woman in a bikini holding a pink umbrella.
A woman in a blue top and jeans.
A woman was standing.
The section of chopped carrots.
carrots on right.
A bus standing in front of equx de marseille.
A bus numbered 905 close to an Eaux de Marseille sign.
A woman in a red sweater in front of the sink.
A woman with short dark hair wearing a long red shirt.
A man wearing a striped shirt and glasses sitting at a table next to a female.
a man wearing a blue and white shirt.
A bespectacled gentleman looking down as a shorter older woman arranges his patterned tie.
A man with glasses wearing white.
man with hat and black pants, seated on left.
A shirtless adolescent male wearing a baseball cap.
Broccoli on a plate.
Broccoli on a dinner plate.
A man wearing a black shirt and sunglasses riding a bike.
a man ride the cycle.
A man using an Apple computer looks shocked.
Man at a computer.
The youngest giraffe out of three in the middle.
the middle giraffe in the right hand picture.
The cot which is partly visible.
The mattress on the bottom right.
The chair to the right of some pink flowers.
A wooden chair to the right side of the table and behind the cat.
The foremost horse with the blonde mane.
The horse closest to the camera and with the lightest color of hair.
a man falling on skis.
skier who fell in the snow.
A baseball catcher wearing green.
A catcher in green behind a batter swinging at a ball.
bananas.
A bunch of bananas.
A white ceramic bowl holding a paper cone full of fresh rolls.
A white cup with paper and food in it.
the top part of the table that's under the pizza.
the table behind the pizza in the right hand picture.
The hot dog above the black coca cola can.
The hot dog near the person in the black close toed shoes.
The blue tie.
Dark blue tie with white symbol and writing.
he clean counter top.
formica style cabinet style, creamy color with brown specs above a built in oven and microwave.
Gold-orange and fuchsia colored patio umbrella.
Pink, orange, and yellow umbrella over woman sitting at table.
A man in a suit.
a man wearing a black suit with a white shirt , grey bow-tie, holding a plate, standing next to a bride.
A woman in a pink shirt and a white cardigan.
an older woman in a pink button down shirt and a white jacket wearing glasses.
The middle banana of three.
the girl with long dark hair.
A woman with glasses eating food.
The rightmost piece of food.
right most bread in the image.
A red pickup truck hauling a trailer.
A red pickup truck that is pulling a trailer.
A man eating ice cream on a bench beside a woman.
A boy in a t-shirt and cargo shorts prepares to devour his ice cream sundae.
Truck.
A big white truck.
Bottom stem of the wine glass.
A green table at which a man is sitting drinking wine.
a yellow coffee cup.
A cup of coffee sitting next to a cake with a ghost.
A baseball player in a white uniform and red helmet.
The player in the batter's box.
Cutlery sitting in a white wire basket.
A KNIFE HAVING WOODEN HANDLE.
A boy with yellow hair.
A little boy with blonde hair playing with a toy laptop.
the woman in the red shirt holding a phone.
The woman in red holding up a pink phoen.
A giraffe sticking his tongue out at a young boy.
A giraffe with its tongue stuck out.
white screen.
a laptop on tabule.
The umbrella held by the woman looking at her phone.
side of body of man in green shorts and navy shirt.
Man holding dog leash with black t shirt and brown shorts.
The entire part of the pizza that is not being taken from the pan.
three quarters of a margherita pizza.
chair facing the kitchen.
an old man with his arms crossed.
man with folded arms behind the counter.
A banana that has black spots on it.
A very ripe banana proping up 3 chocolates.
A white modernized motorcycle in front of a group of people.
A white motorcyle with blue and black design and no one is standing by it.
A large light colored bird with its entire leg visible.
The bird on the left.
The beige stool on the left around the table.
The front portion of a firetruck cake.
front of train.
A coffee table to the left of the other coffee table.
The small round table on the left.
A tablet.
The large grey tablet.
dessert with chocolate stripes on side and fruit on top.
the dessert with fruits and berries covering all of its top.
The little girl wearing a pink top carrying a water bottle petting the horse.
the little girl in red shirt.
the small zebra in the back.
A tiny zebra whose head is hidden behind the food bin.
The brown motorbike with the black seat.
ARIEL BROWN COLOR BIKE STANDING POSITION.
A wine glass with dark red wine, in front of two other wine glasses.
a wine glass on the far right.
a sheep was etting in garss.
The grey sheep standing by the black sheep.
The chair that the young girl is sat on.
black chair behind little girl.
A man wearing a hat.
a man cooking with a maroon shirt on and a black hat.
A girl wearing a yellow top.
girl in yellow.
the woman with bottle in hand standing behind.
The person whose lower face is blocked.
The larger couch against the wall.
This is a skier wearing a yellow pullover.
A man in a yellow jacket skiing.
a girl in a pink bow staring at a giraffe.
the head of a child with a bow on their head.
The red flip phone under the smartphone.
An unknown electronic device behind a mobile phone on an unknown surface.
A man is smiling while holding open a pizza box in between two women.
a man in blue shirt holding a pizza.
The half of the sandwich with no toothpick.
The half of the sandwich next to the tomato slices.
bird on tallest branch.
Profile of a black bird on the right side.
the airplane in the back in the right hand picture.
All of plane in background.
woman holding the baby wearing the black shirt.
The woman in the black top.
A man with short hair plays with his Wii.
a guy swinging his arm playing wii.
Vehicle with tinted windows.
A gray suv behind a compact car.
A woman in dark clothing with sunglasses on top of her head and holding a camera.
Woman in black shirt and sunglasses on her head.
The largest ship in the lake.
A yellow bowl with spoon sitting on a yellow plate.
A larger clock face.
A black and gold clock above a red and gold clock.
The lady is wearing a maroon shirt.
The woman wearing a maroon shirt and black pants.
A beige counter holds the foil containing four delicious looking sandwiches.
A man with a beard not riding an elephant.
A man walking beside an elephant.
a women in brown shirt sitting with other women.
A lady looking at two men at the door.
An apple cut in half.
An apple cut in half to expose the core and seeds.
guy riding skateboard.
A scating man.
A MAN WITH LONG HAIR RIDING A SKATEBOARD.
A person with long hair and hat riding a skate board. Wearing a white shirt and blue shorts.
far left donut.
The leftmost piece of food.
a person with a red and blue jacket.
a old man standing.
Sheep in the foreground to the left.
The sheep in the front that is facing the camera.
The horse in second place.
The horse which was moving behind another horse.
The chair behind the man sitting.
Pitcher who just threw a baseball.
a baseball player pitching the ball.
A near empty pepper grinder, next to a pizza.
A pepper shaker.
Three Zebras cuddling in a field.
Man in black playing a game with a man in glasses.
man with game controllers wearing long sleaved shirt.
The man in a grey shirt sits with his wife.
A man with his arms folded.
A man wearing glasses.
a man with a blue dress shirt wearing glasses with a laptop in his lap.
Right facing zebra behind another zebra.
Two zebras interlocked.
an electric Keyboard whose player is being blocked by a shelf or refrigerator door.
A man playing a keyboard while a refrigerator door blocks his view.
the laptop closest to the window with the black screen.
The monitor on the right side nearest to the window.
A turquoise bowl of food with a spoon.
Green bowl of food with a fork in it.
The second to largest measuring cup.
The second largest measuring cup.
A man wearing a black shirt.
The man in the black shirt.
Food the person is touching.
A piece of bread being moved by someone wearing a glove.
The small wooden table is against the wall.
A small brown wooden square table between two chairs.
the left most bottle of wine.
A standing zebra, which is directly behind the group of animals resting on the ground.
A black and white striped zebra with his neck bent down eating grass.
The black man holding the iphone.
man.
A red luggage bag.
a red bag on the car.
giraffe with head above the hilltop.
The tallest and bigger of the two giraffes standing right behind the smaller giraffe.
brown chair to the right.
green color leaves in the right side of the image.
Dark colored seaweed.
A man in a blue hoodie eating a hot dog.
Man eating a hot dog wearing a wedding band looking at the camera.
A placemat in front of a man wearing a birthday hat.
The foremost green circle.
a double decker bus with an ipod ad.
A brightly colored bus.
a bicycle with red and black frames.
A red bike.
A wooden chair below a woman.
Large bus with Cruz del Sur on the side.
A white and blue bus.
black leather couch with brown colored throw pillows on the corners.
A black sectional sofa.
A giraffe with it's head straight up.
the giraffe behind the other giraffe.
A horse with a green fuzz on the side of its face.
The horse holding its head down, it is on the right hand side of the photo.
man with hat.
Man in black shirt.
white bowl of chips between the bread and pie but further away from bottles.
A plate of crackers to the left of a pie.
The man not wearing an apron.
A man wearing a white long sleeve shirt.
A round cake with a hole in the center.
plate of cake in table.
a tuna sandwich.
Sandwich with white filling that is the 2nd from the right.
The right chair.
a brown chair to the at the lower right corner of the television.
large red apple in front of bowl.
A red and green apples in a fruit dish.
The laptop on the right.
A black dell laptop on the table.
A young skinny man in a white shirt and jeans with curly hair.
A man in a white button down top is watching two friends play the Wii in the living room.
The horse directly in front of the man wearing the hat.
horse closest to camera pulling wagon.
the black chicken standing on the end of the three chickens.
Young boy dancing with mother at the park.
a boy ready to jump.
the giraffe in the middle, and the bottom left/bottom part of the giraffe on the right.
the giraffe in the middle of which we only see its neck above the trees.
Striped tie askew on the man in the white shirt.
Striped tie of the man.
A man wearing a sweatshirt with a large number "2" on it.
A man in white color shirt and blue pant.
A woman in a leopard print shirt.
woman sitting on far right.
A giraffe in the front of two other giraffes.
A giraffe facing the camera.
a sheep on a dirt road.
A sheep walking in front of a goat.
A woman smaling.
A woman in a blue shirt smiling, standing on a beach.
MAN HOLDING GIUTAR AND PLAY ON LAPTOP.
Man sitting with his mouth open holding a guitar.
A blurry person sitting behind a fence at a baseball game.
A man sitting behind a fence.
Red luggage with wheels and zippers compartments.
A trolly bag.
young man in an argyle sweater and glasses.
The man with glasses wearing a blue and gray sweater with the white undershirt.
a woman in black clothes waling on ski.
person wearing all black clothes with blue scarf.
chocolate cake.
chocolate cake.
The red framed bike.
A red bike.
drink can.
The black glass bottle with white writing,  next to the Coke cupm.
black and white trike-cycle.
The black and white vehicle to the left of the motocycle.
the man with short hair playing wii.
A man in a black and white striped polo holding a wii remote.
The greens below the fried food.
bicycle in the left side.
front of bicycle.
A man in a black shirt holding a plate.
Man in a black shirt looking down.
An airplane parked inside is green and white.
A green and white airplane sitting on display.
There is a horse in right taking a step forward.
Man in gray and red baseball uniform.
A baseball player wearing number two.
The woman talking on a phone.
woman speaking in phone.
A zebra eating grass, farthest right.
zebra standing alone to the right.
Woman eating in green shirt.
Woman in green eating a hot dog.
Blonde woman wearing sunglasses smiling wide and holding her chin.
The woman standing with fully visible face.
Man leaning against the wall.
The man leaning against the stone wall.
A little girl with brown hair wearing a striped shirt and a purple jacket.
A GIRL BABY PREPARING SANDWICH WITH BREAD AND JAM WITH HER FRIENDS.
bowl of sliced veggies.
The square bowl contains shredded vegetables.
The bananas which are more green being held by the man in the white dressing shirt.
bananas held by man in grey pants.
The white car center.
A rear portion of the car on which 92 is written.
A Chinese public transportation bus with red and white stripe painted on it.
12-B379 bus.
A girl with the number "10" on her clothes.
A woman in a sky blue ski suit with number 10 on the front.
A lamb without horns.
A sheep next to a ram.
Translucent bucket of green sludge.
white bottle with green chattini.
hot dog with onions on white paper tray.
A large hotdog sits on a much smaller bun with sourkrout and chilli on it.
Empty wine glass next to three bottles of red wine.
A wine glass on the far right.
glass of cider on the left.
a wine glass to the left casting a full shadow.
A large boat docked to the pier with large glass windows surrounding the inside of the boat.
A blue houseboat with a large yellow ball on it.
A man holding a slice of pizza.
A man's arms.
the red train.
A train in the fore part of the picture having a red and yellow engine.
bench to the left of other bench.
The whole bench that is to the left in the picture.
chocolate donut covered with nuts.
A donut with chocolate glaze and nuts on a plate.
A skateboarder jumping in midair.
Boy jumping in air.
man eating sandwich.
A man in black standing next to the woman.
A bearded man withe a blue beret placing a plate of food on the shelf.
chef wearing a blue cap.
A woman in a white dress in the rain.
A woman in a light colored dress in the rain.
the cat with white coloured head.
A brown cat sitting on the driving seat of a car.
A man removing blanket of his son.
A balding younger man tucks a boy into bed.
The suitcase that isn't red.
A white and red beaded suitcase sitting to the left of other red luggage.
Bench on which three people are sitting.
A bench that has three people sitting on it.
A large pizza with some slices missing next to a man eating pizza.
Partial pizza back right of man.
The black dog in the foreground, on the bright blue blanket.
the black dog sleeping in front of another dog.
the player on the left side.
skateboarder wearing a black shirt on a halfpipe.
The kid in the black shirt that is jumping on a skateboard.
A woman in a white shirt and glasses pulling a little girl on a toy ladybug.
A LADY COMING FROM AIRPORT WITH HER FAMILY WEARING BLUE COLOR JEAN WHITE COLOR HAND BAG.
A man in green sitting at a table with a child.
An adult sits at the dinner table while the child eats a spoonful of coconut creme pie.
This is a display screen for presentations, showing exactly what the computer screen on the table.
A screen in a dark room showing a projection image of a web email client.
The rearview mirror of a motorcycle.
A bag sits atop a motorcycle.
A bed with 3 small pillows with a monkey face on them.
A double bed with sock monkey pillows on it.
The closeset bush.
Green bushy plant in foreground.
An elephant's rear with its tail being held by another elephant.
the rear end of the of the elephant tha has another elephant holding its tail.
A large silver laptop.
The biggest laptop.
truck parked closest to the trees.
a pickup truck.
empty booth in front of man sitting alone.
The empty table that is one in front of the one that has the man sitting at it,.
a woman in a pink shirt looking at a paper.
Woman in pink shirt holding tennis racket.
A man with a gray shirt and a hat sitting on a couch next to a guy with a green shirt.
A man wearing shorts and a light blue shirt and ball cap checks his cell phone.
The horse upon which the person with a blue cap is riding.
A horse with a jockey with a light blue cap.
A black baby cub that is walking with a bigger bear.
A black baby bear.
Black color sofa in the living room.
There is black sofa back of ladies.
boy in gray shirt with pizza to mouth.
Liquor bottle with pizza in a dinning table.
a bottle of pepper oil.
Blue and white colour umbrella for sellers.
The shamyana which is of blue and white combination.
brown horse.
The horse on the left.
The truck with a mural on the back that is next to the curb.
Rear of the parked truck.
A woman in a black bikini holding a cellphone.
The girl in the black bikini on the right, holding the cell phone.
A parking meter to the right of another meter.
2nd parking meter from the left.
a chair.
the most left zebra away from the pack a bit.
A zebra drinking water.
A motorcycle parked next to it's rider.
A motorcycle with a man's hand on the seat.
A traffic light.
the biggest traffic light.
A brown chair near a wall.
A brown chair sitting at a bar in a kitchen to the right of an identical brown chair.
A small girl with a white shirt and short brown hair holding a large pan of pizza on a red table.
a chaild was catching the plate.
One red book on shelf.
red color book.
A table with a laptop on it.
The hotdog with the mustard in the middle of it.
a potted green tree.
the potted plant in front of the door, seen between the two men.
The man in the black jersey.
A giraffe standing in dirt behind another giraffe.
a giraffe is looking at the camera.
skateboard with child sitting on it.
A dark skateboard trimmed in white with a boy sitting on it.
two yellow bananas.
A banana buried behind the rest of the produce.
a child with a frisbee.
A little boy.
keyboard closet to laptop.
A computer keyboard in between another keyboard and a laptop.
The black motorcycle that has the number 11 and an x on it in red.
Motorcycle with red number.
A man with a grey color sweater.
A mean wearing a sweater with his hand on the back of chair.
water in a dog.
A dog retrieving a frisbee from the water.
half of the sandwich on the back of the plate.
sandwich in the top corner of the plate.
the bigger cow.
Large fake cow with a sunflower on it.
The skis that are five spots to the left from the black and red skis that say SALOMON.
the 2nd table in the right hand picture.
pizza on the plate.
Two slices of cheese and ham piza on a young boy's plate.
Man on couch holding laptop.
A man wearing sunglasses staring at a computer screen.
A YOUNG GIRL IN ALL BLACK PLAYING FRISBEE.
dark sinned woman in black shirt.
the window between the man and woman.
Young boy holding a baseball cap.
A boy holding red color cap.
A kid wearing red and white baseball uniform throws a ball.
A baseball player who is throwing a ball.
bottom two suitcases in stack of suitcases.
Two suitcases on the bottom of a pile of suitcases.
Wooden chair with red cushion and only one visible leg.
A purple chair in front of the recliner.
The small child between the other picking up the plate.
The little girls with whales and fish on her shirt.
A zebra with its head not visible but much of its body able to be seen.
A blue bus behind a police man.
A blue bus in front of a traffic officer.
A blue and red airplane.
Small red white and blue airplane that says Bud Light.
A man in a blue-plaid shirt and glasses.
The man in the glasses with the plaid shirt.
Brown bear legs.
A brown bear.
One zebra stands alone.
A zebra standing alone to the left of two other zebras.
An empty park bench in front of a fence.
A park bench on a boardwalk overlooking the water.
orange left side.
A large orange or grapefruit among in front of a watermelon and below some apples.
The sink farthest from the blow dryer.
The sink (not the faucet) on the right.
Man with shaving cream near a cat.
A man holding a cat while shaving.
the baby in the really yellow shirt looking at the green spoon.
A young child wearing a yellow shirt about to be hand-fed food from a green spoon.
Chair closer to the feet.
A chair on the beach in front of a person's foot.
The man in a black shirt and white pants with black sunglasses is sitting down holding the little baby's foot.
A man with white shorts, black shirt and sunglasses holding a child's foot.
Woman on the left with phone in right hand.
Woman in black blazer with black pen.
Woman in the foreground in pinstriped jacket.
A woman is sitting by wearing black color top and phant.
a black dress lady sitting on  a sofa.
The white plate filled with food like broccoli, eggs and gravy.
chicken fried steak and eggs meal.
A newly born zebra lying next to an adult zebra who is trying to push it.
A young zebra laying on the ground.
the woman to the right, wearing a strap on her shoulder.
Young woman with black hair and grey shirt.
The person with the yellow helmet.
Two people in red abd black ski gear sitting on a ski lift and waving above the snowy mountains.
A young child in pajamas standing near the bed.
A child in the background wearing pajamas next to a table.
A brown commuter train car.
A brown and tan train car.
white bike left bottom corner.
a white scooter.
This is a little girl holding a pink umbrella which is partially concealing her.
The girl behind the umbrella on the left.
The part of the table in front of the garbage can.
The table next to the men with a beer bottle on it.
The roundly sliced cucumber.
squash.
A young blond haired boy wearing a hoodie and holding a blue kite with a whale on it.
A child with a kite in his hands.
A black, oval-shaped bowl filled with brown noodles and scallions, next to a similar black bowl containing broccoli.
Cooked chow mien noodles in a black bowl beside a bowl of broccoli.
the entire length of the top of the train.
A pizza that someone is putting mushrooms on.
A pizza with mushrooms as a topping.
A girl blowing out her birthday candles.
A girl wearing a dress and party hat blowing out her birthday candles.
The pink blue and purple striped tie.
A pink and purple tie worn by a man in a black shirt.
A woman with shapely legs, wearing black heels, is riding the subway.
A person's lets wearing black, high heel boots.
man on couch using laptop.
A man sitting on a white couch on his computer.
Man in white shirt with dark colored sheep.
A man in a white shirt.
Wine glass to the left.
A half-filled glass to the right of an identical one filled the same.
The front end of the vehicle behind the tv set.
A black vehicle parked on the side of a street.
The couch on left hand side with two seater.
a black chair in front.
A part of an elephant hiding behind the elephant with tusks.
second elephant.
A glass with water in it.
A glass that contains clear liquid surrounded by dirty dishes.
FOUR BLUISH GRAY SEDAN DRIVING ON ROAD.
Large blue sedan sitting in front of man on scooter.
a woman in a black shirt playing a video game.
Asian girl in gray sweatpants smiling with glasses on.
A woman with glasses and a large hat who is on a boat.
A woman wearing a hat with elephant designs is sitting in a boat.
zebra rolling around in the dirt.
Black and white zebra on it's back lying in the grass.
The man using the Wii remote.
a man standing while playing Wii.
view from a side view mirror.
The reflection of an Evergreen shipping container.
a person behind another person kicking a soccer ball.
A soccer player in a blue jersey pursuing the player with the ball.
A man wearing tan pants.
Man in a white and black fidora carrying a woman.
the back of a fire truck that has red and white stripes with the number 28 on the back.
Back end of a fire truck with the number 28.
the blurry man in the bannisters.
man with white hat in bleachers.
A hot dog bun sets under some potato chips on a decorative plate.
A hotdog bun with no hot dot in it, appears to be covered by chips.
WOMEN &THINGS.
woman opening gifts.
The shins and feet of someone wearing jeans and white socks.
A man standing with blue jeans.
The man in the back in the brown shirt and closest to the banner hanging.
man in a khaki shirt and black shorts with a wide brimmed hat.
A man in a green shirt kicking a red ball.
A young man in a green shirt playing soccer.
The zebra with its butt to the camera.
The rear end of a zebra.
A wine glass on a rack filled with a red wine.
A glass of wine that contains neither white nor dark red wine.
A gray chair with a boy sitting on it.
Gray chair with boy sitting in it.
The one giraffe is double the size of the smaller one.
The larger of two giraffes.
an elephant to the right of some others.
The elephant in the middle with his feet in the water.
A plane with a large orange jet engine.
The black stovetop on the island.
stove.
A giraffe standing by a fence.
A giraffe standing up and peering over a fence.
The car immediately in front of the hydrant.
black car behind hydrant.
RED COLOR AND WHITE COLOR DOT DESIGN TUMBLER.
A CUP OF TEA ON THE TABLE.
A person on the court wearing a blue hat.
a boy is paling.
Reflection of a man walking in a window.
An older man in a brown suit walking near a parking toll booth.
Oranges stacked neatly underneath the soda to the left.
Pile of oranges on the left.
a baby looking angry.
A baby sitting in the woman lap.
RED COLOR BUCKET HOLDING WHITE COLOR MUG WITH THE PINK COLOR TOOTH BRUSH.
A large red bucket.
Man in the middle holding a drink with the tie on.
man with red tie.
woman in white with black apron serving bacon.
a woman wearing a sequin top under a beige sweater holding a plate at a food bar.
A powdered pastry.
A pastry with sugar on it at the lower right corner.
The chair directly behind the laptop.
The back of the chair on the left that holds the computer.
The closest apple.
Apples 1 and 2 in the line of three apples.
cup of cocoa with spoon in cup.
cup of cappuccino without foam.
a giraffe on right side.
Slice of pizza on the left.
The slice of pizza on the left hand side of the plate that has bottom olive sliding off of it.
a baseball player with the number 42 on his shirt.
The baseball player is about ready to slide on to the base.
ball boy.
A person in a blue shirt and khakis.
A police car end, with the numbers 1890 on it.
A police car with the designation 1890 114 PCT.
A bottle with a red cap directly behind a sign.
A plastic bottle with a red lid sitting on a table behind a sign.
a man in yellow shirt playing baseball.
A male baseball player in a yellow shirt is up to bat.
a baby elephant.
Baby elephant.
The horse on the left.
a computar  on tabula.
a computer monitor with speakers on its sides.
A tennis player.
Older white gentleman playing tennis wearing white shorts.
A dirty toilet seat.
Old dirty toilet seat.
Zebra and Giraffe at the zoo.
The shorter of two giraffes.
The large blue suitcase behind the couch.
A dark blue suitcase behind the couch.
A pitza ready to bake is near the white paper sheet.
A GIRAFFE EATING GRASS FROM A BASKET.
A giraffe with its head in a pile of grass.
A red and green truck that is currently stopped.
A red truck with green side boards.
A lady in a blue color t-shirt and black color half pant in a ground.
A girl with number 18 on her shorts throwing a frisbee.
The player batting.
The batter in the left-handed batters box who just took the pitch high.
A white bowl with soup in it.
The bowl in the upper right hand side of the photo. It's a bowl with a spoon being removed from it.
A grey bowl with some pieces of food and nuts inside of it.
Pistachios in a bowl.
A bench in the woods that is in the front of the other benches.
The park bench closest to the person taking this picture.
Child riding on a small horse.
Child atop pony.
baby in blue shirt.
boy wearing a blue shirt.
Photo with the cupcake only pictured.
A vanilla frosted cupcake with a chocolate covered strawberry.
The man in the black shirt.
A man with his hand on his face wearing a black shirt.
a lady in white.
Woman holding leopard print umbrella.
The sandwich half in the front.
The portion of the sandwich in the front half of the plate with a large amount of shredded lettuce on it.
a red train.
a microwave on a countertop.
A microwave oven that sits unattached on a shelf.
Cow laying in front.
Cow laying in hay.
a calf being bottle-fed.
A cow that is being fed by a bottle.
man in green shirt in background.
reflection of man in mirror.
The bed on the right.
A bed on the right with 3 items on it.
the man in black.
The guy shaving.
A female tennis player wearing a purple shirt and black pants.
A woman playing tennis with a pink shirt with black sleeves.
the cup on the right in the right hand picture.
A wineglass held by a man in a green jacket.
a person with a red shirt and black shorts not holding a frisbee.
A man in a red shirt, not holding a frisbee.
TEA IN A GLASS.
glass with the least amount of liquid and close to the coffee pot.
A old man standing up.
The old man with the baseball cap.
there is an empty passenger seat beside a man.
An empty seat on the left side of the person in the other seat.
A black stool with a bottled water and paper plate sitting on it.
Black bar stool with a plate and water bottle in it.
A stuffed bear sitting within a evergreen display with red holiday lights.
A teddy bear inside a wreath, but not the wreath.
a girl playing catcher.
The catcher waiting for the ball.
woman with purple umbrella.
Woman under a purple umbrella.
Back of a brown and white horse.
Brown horse.
the yellow racket in the right hand picture.
A tennis racket being held by a man with a brown shirt.
A man in blue laughing.
The man in the blue shirt.
A white toothbrush with green, blue and white bristles.
An umpire watching a play.
An umpire at a baseball game.
A baby in a man's arm wearing a beanie.
small child in a pink shirt held by a man who is petting a goat.
brown and white cow.
The head of a young cow with the number 588 attached to its ear.
A drinking glass sitting behind a camera lens on a table.
boy playing playstation.
A small boy standing in front of television with joystick in his hands.
The computer screen that has a large arrow on the desktop background.
Monitor behind keyboard on a desk, is on.
The leftmost wine glass.
A glass filled with wine.
A small red boat near several larger ships.
the red ship.
The animal that is farther to the left.
the larger sheep.
A closed green umbrella is held in the air.
A neon green umbrella.
A spoon with holes in it resting on a frying pan.
the slotted spoon.
person on right.
The person who is throwing the Frisbee between his legs.
Grey trunk with top handle.
A gray colour box placed above the suitcase.
A bearded man wearing a hat and holding a sign.
Dark haired man in hat who has his hand up to his face.
A yak separate from the rest of the group.
The bison facing the camera.
The motor bike that is behind.
A red bike trailing with its rider trailing behind another man.
an adult zebra standing in a meadow.
A zebra in front of a smaller zebra.
chair above tabby cat.
A truck in front of World Gems.
zebra laying down.
The zebra on it's back.
Man in a ipnk shirt.
A man in pink shirt looking over a man in glasses shoulder.
The tan colored leather bag.
A tan bag.
A brown round wooden table that has a toaster on it.
A table holds an Electrolux appliance.
A boy, garbed in an Oakland As' outfit and helmet, prepares to swing.
A boy with a baseball bat and batting helmet.
a man in khakis to the back right.
A tennis player wearing purple.
A WOMAN PLAYING TENNIS.
A woman in black with a gray scarf standing next to a mouse in uniform.
Lady in black dress holding the hands of the doll.
a man with a brown hat.
Man sitting on the edge of a building.
zibra with one zibera.
A book entitled Understanding the LINUX KERNEL.
Linux Kernel book.
A dog having its face held.
A black and white dog being held by an elderly woman.
A dark green suitcase.
a green suitcase by the back of a car.
a large brown teddy bear with Christmas clothes on.
The stuffed animal to the far left.
the red motorcycle next to the blue motorcycle.
the red motorcycle.
person wearing an orange polo.
Man sitting up against fence wearing an orange shirt.
The two hands closest to the table.
Hands preparing cake and desert for a young boy.
The woman standing next to the elephant.
a woman in a black tanktop standing near an elephant.
Orange standing with stem upright next to bananas.
The nearest orange on the left.
Red bus with two stories inside of it on the left side of the road.
A red double decker buss driving through a city.
A black laptop next to a bag of snacks.
A black keyboard behind the open bag.
A mother sheep with a baby drinking from its' teat.
A mother goat with the baby goat drinking from the mom.
A keeper at the end who is waiting for the ball to catch.
A referee standing near the wall next to the CHASE sign.
The right piece of bread with toppings on int.
Piece of fish pizza on a white plate with blue trim.
There are two pieces of pizze facing the same direction and appear to be linked like a train, the leader of that train.
The slice of cheese pizza in the middle of the plate.
sailboat in the middle of the water.
a sailboat with 1274 on it.
A small animal of white colour.
A small white sheep grazing in the field.
A dark brown horse with a Destello tag.
A horse head in the foreground.
the sheep with its eyes closed.
The sheep with his eye closed.
A green, white, and blue bus on the street.
Green, blue, and white bus.
The backside of a grazing white horse.
A horse grazing.
The number one jet in the Blue Angles.
A zebra with its head lowered.
The zebra who is looking at the ground.
The giraffe looking of to the right.
The largest of three giraffes; he's trying to eat some leaves off a tree.
A white stain-free mattress leaning up against a bookcase.
raw meat and almonds.
a plate of meat.
A man siting on a chair near the bed where a black dog with a cap.
A man in a plaid short looking down.
The laptop behind the typewriter.
A black shiny black computer back screen on a table.
oval plate of food.
half eaten sandwich.
A black backpack.
A backpack being worn by a man with glasses on his head.
A young boy brushing his teeth with a green toothbrush.
a boy brushing his teeth.
A coffee cup stacked inside of another cup.
cup inside the other cup.
the tennis racket held by the hand with the man wearing orange.
A silver tennis racket.
The broccoli floret in the bottom center of the arrangement.
taupe colored car driving behind the field.
The car closest to the fence.
A white purse on the shoulder of a woman in blue walking past lockers.
A white purse with black border.
the white car behind the car with a yellow sticker.
the white van infront of the white car on the right.
A tall white Styrofoam cup sitting on the table closest to the plate.
white cup on the right side.
dark haired boy in bed.
A girl in a pink cap.
The girl is wearing a blue shirt and a pink hat.
a glass was on the table.
A woman wearing glasses, silver stud earrings, and a gray t-shirt.
The girl in the back with a grey shirt and glasses.
a man in an iron maiden shirt.
The guy in the back is wearing an Iron Maiden concert tee.
A silver laptop to the left of a desktop monitor.
A laptop sitting at a desk to the far left of two other laptops.
the backside of a large zebra behind the head of a younger zebra.
the backside of a black and white zebra in between two zebra heads.
A man with a tan jacket and green shirt wearing glasses seen in the side glass window.
A man in glasses and brown jacket stands beside the window of a car in which there is a teddy bear.
man who is holding his racket like a guitar.
A man with a knee brace plays a tennis racket like a guitar.
A black snowboard.
a black snowboard.
The bottom of the  chair that is second from the right.
The third chair that the teddy bear with black paws is on.
The woman holding the tennis racket over her shoulder.
The tennis player holding her racket above her shoulder.
A man wearing a dark suit and peach colored tie watching someone blow out candles on a cake.
A man in an orange tie.
A small jet with red writing on its tail that is standing next to a larger jet.
a small white jet.
A black keyboard on a silver laptop.
The black keyboard keys on the silver laptop.
The portion of the table in front of the pizza.
The white colour sofa is very comfortable to sit.
the white couch in the right hand picture.
A blonde woman blowing out candles on a cake.
A women celebrating birthday.
A pink umbrella to the left of another pink umbrella.
A pink beach umbrella in full view.
A woman wearing black pants walking under an umbrella.
a woman in a white shirt and black pants walking under and umbrella.
A sheep on the left.
The grey and blue can-am.
the blue motorbike.
Older girl.
A young woman in a t-shirt and jeans looking confused and holding a tin.
black cat near man.
A black and white cat walking on the carpet.
the man in maroon.
A TEENAGE BOY WEARING BROWN T-SHIRT & BLUE JEANS.
A large zebra standing next to a smaller one.
left side adult zebra.
A black and brown dog with it's tongue out near 4 other dogs.
German shepard in water.
A person in a lawnchair covered in a towel.
green and white beach chair on left of the pair of chairs.
The closest zebra.
Closest zebra.
A woman wearing a white fur neck shawl.
woman in fur.
A pot of chocolate on the stove with a whisk in it.
A mixing bowl with a whisk and a brown liquid in it.
A man running down a field in a black baseball jersey.
Baseball player on left getting ready to run.
A tennis player in a red shirt wiping his mouth.
a tennis player in a red shirt.
Black and silver bicycle with green water bottle ridden by older man.
Bicycle ridden by an older man dressed in darker blue than his younger counterpart.
A brown cow lying on the sand.
The sitting cow.
A black horse behind a white horse.
A black horse standing in a field.
A black cow that is only half visible standing close to a fully visible cow.
piece of table directly above the fork.
The yellow and green surfboard on the far left.
A green surfboard.
A plate on the dining which filled in breads.
The brown horse in the foreground that is grazing.
Brown horse with white nose and sock eating grass.
Man in white shirt riding brown horse to the left of all the other horses.
An airplane with purple white and yellow coloring closest to the camera.
A blue-headed bird looking to the right.
A bird sitting on a tree branch looking to the right.
The back half of the white plane with red letters.
the plane on the right.
white and brown horse wearing the number 6.
Tan and brown horse with the number 6 jockey racing.
A zebra to the right of three other zebras.
one zebra.
The young boy is herding the sheep.
YOUNG FOREIGN BOY TURNED LOOKING BACK.
White spoon fully visible in bowl.
The larger teddy bear with the brown nose.
the big happy teddy bear.
It is a young boy of about age 7-9 spraying water and dressed in a white sweater with black stripes and blue jeans.
Child using water cannon.
A horse wearing the number 69 being led.
A horse being guided by its rider.
The closest glass with a small amount of wine.
A giraffe in the middle looking left.
The giraffe looking the wrong way.
an umpire dressed in black and gray behind a catcher.
An umpire squatting and looking towards the ball.
the plate with orange and green garnishes.
A homemade gourmet pizza with a scoop of sour cream in its center.
A white chevy car waits at the gas station.
The white Chevrolet to the right hand side of the motorcycle.
A chair which is in second and back side of cat.
this is a white bench in between two others.
The half of the sandwich nearest the glass of juice.
A reuben with a toothpick in it sits on a plat near some potatoes.
A lady with hand inside her over coat, is watching a shoe shop from the road.
A woman with black hair and a black purse gazing into a storefront.
Woman with long brown hair holding hot dog.
A woman holding a hot dog that she's about to share with another person.
The toilet in the left frame.
A toilet beside a new bath tub.
The woman hitting the tennis ball.
A woman swinging a tennis racket.
ADULT MAN IN BLUE JACKET SKIING WITH YOUNG GIRL.
A person with their arms folded.
The man with the white shirt in the back holding a tennis racket.
the boy in the back wearing a white shirt.
Boy waving at camera.
Boy waving at camera.
A clay flower pot across the lily pond near a blue pot.
A potted plan in the back of the picture can be easily seen.
A caravan in the middle of the other two caravans.
The rounded camper right in the middle.
A red and white bus headed to Brighton.
A bus with the company name Compass Bus on the front and the route number 17 Brighton.
A sheep laying in the hay.
a sheep lying down on some hay.
The elephant with its truck waiting for a treat.
The animal standing on the edge.
A small green stove with a silver kettle on top.
A green stove.
first table.
a section of a long table with empty plates and glasses.
Pizza with broccoli on it.
a pizza in a box that is missing one slice.
A man playing tennis on the left.
tennis player on the left.
TV character in hat on left side of screen.
Man in a grey jacket on the tv.
man in a blue and grey uniform playing catcher in a baseball game.
A catcher getting ready to catch a pitch.
The bedspread with stripes.
colorful spread on bed.
The leftmost goat, furthest away.
goat in the back side of the image.
a black and white dog.
A black and white dog on a leash.
the plant in a pot behind the chair.
A chair to the left of table facing the refrigerator.
A chair on the left side of a table.
The horse that is fully shown.
a dark brown cow with a yellow ear tag looking out from behind a fence.
black cow standing next to barb wire fence.
a white chair with a pillow on it.
sofa chair in a room.
A woman in a striped sirt.
The woman standing in front of the woman sitting wearing red.
A person in dark clothing holding an umbrella in the background.
A woman wearing capris and holding an umbrella.
woman hugging man.
A woman wearing a blue jacket and skis.
A person standing up in a green shirt and green shorts.
A man in a red shirt in the background.
man standing in a doorway holding a camera.
A man holding a video camera.
empty cat bow;.
A CAT  FOOD BOWL  WHITE COLOR  EMPTY BOWL.
A man in an olive shirt blows out candles to a cake.
an old  man.
A statue of a crow sitting on a table by some flowers.
A lamp base that looks like a bird.
back end of the lead horse.
A horse with a rider to the left of two other horses.
A mother zebra with some brown stripes, with their babies head behind them.
an adult zebra.
The child about to eat the pizza.
A little kid eating some pizza.
A man standing on grass holding a disc.
A person holding a white Frisbee.
man wearing black hoodie.
seated woman with glasses on her hear being surprised with a birthday cake.
The black umbrella.
A black umbrella.
The zebra facing the camera.
Front facing playing zebra.
the giraffe on the right in the right hand picture.
The Giraffe on the right.
bowl of white stuff top middle.
a white bowl with mashed potatoes sits in the background.
An officer in full riot gear on a brown horse.
A police officer with his mask down sitting on a brown horse.
A child in a black shirt with his elbows on the table, wearing a white paper hat.
Child with paper hat on his head.
The horse to the left of the group.
A brown and white horse facing the camera.
A pizza with a man's hands over it.
The pizza being touched by the man.
The person cheering in the white t-shirt.
The arm of someone in a white shirt.
A brown giraffe.
A giraffe standing under a tree with it neck bend down.
base behind the vase in front and to the right.
The clay pot in the top right.
Chocolate cake.
the chair closest to the camera.
The chair closest to the guy playing the keyboard.
The elephant that is far in the distance behind the closest elephant.
The back of an elephant with a saddle on top so.
Baseball player wearing jersey number 10 running to 1st base.
A black and blue uniform with the number 10 on it.
The white horse.
A white horse.
Skier in red jacket.
Cross country skier with a red jacket and pink backpack.
This is a brown horse with black feet.
A horse eating grass.
The elephant closest to the camera.
A grey elephant walking ahead of another.
A man scooping food into a dish.
The chef with the white bandanna on his head.
A large pizza with one or two missing slices.
pizza with one slice eaten.
HE CATCHER AND UMPIRE BENDING DOWN.
A catcher and an umpire.
The deck which the men with the lifejackets are on.
the book that bear is sitting on top of.
The animal with the yellow around its neck, to the pulled persons right.
cow behind held by mans right hand.
The animal in the foreground.
A horse in the market.
Bleachers behind the player.
The bleachers in the background.
A young woman standing on a bike.
An Asian lady riding on the back of a bike and trailer.
The woman with glasses.
A woman talking on a cell phone.
The girl wearing the lighter shirt.
The little girl on the right in the light blue shirt.
A bowl of sweet delicious red strawberries along side with other types of food.
A plate of red strawberries.
A man.
A man standing over a pizza box wearing a grey t-shirt and a dark colored watch.
A bottle of Chardonnay.
The bottle on the end that says Chardonnay and has a green box on it.
THE PERSON STANDING NEXT TO THE LAPTOP IS RED.
persons legs and feet.
LAdy learning to surf.
An older lady learning to surf.
A twin bed with plaid sheets with a pillow facing to the left.
A small bed sitting directly next to a small nightstand.
The person in the brown shirt.
A tall man wearing a brown t-shirt, a black long sleeve shirt and jeans playing a video game.
a young girl in a red sweater and jeans.
A little girl in a red sweater standing next to a boy.
A lady with cap, reading the details about the elephant statue.
woman in brown hat kneeling down.
A glass, presumably filled with some type of cola.
A dark drink with ice in a glass.
A hand holding A hamburg.
A man's hand grabbing food.
the middle elephant in the right hand picture.
A middle elephant.
the parking meter on the right.
a man sat on chair with maroon colour tea shirt.
A red shirt with white writing on it.
A knife under the lid.
the sandwich on the left nearest to the glass of beer.
The half of the sandwich that is on the left side of the plate.
A SMALL WHITE LAPTOP NEAR BY MOBILE AND CAR KEY.
Laptop with white keyboard.
a red double decker bus.
A red bus that is two stories.
Elephant and trunk to the left of other elephant.
An elephant with his face in the water.
a woman wearing a black top with blue pants and glasses holding a wii remote.
A girl with the joystick, playing the video gaes.
left side sandwich.
left hand sandwich.
A blonde woman in a denim jacket holding a black glove.
A woman in the jean jacket.
container holding fruit.
pink container of tangerines and pineapple.
Parking meter to the right.
The meter with the number two above the word time expired.
The cargo crates on the tarmac.
Man with bald head and brown suit holding two ties.
A bald man wearing glasses; he's also wearing, and holding up, red and white paisley ties.
Man walking in blue dress shirt.
The man with a beard in the blue collared long sleeve shirt.
The brown couch with the stool on it.
a grey couch against the back wall with a bar stool lying on top of it.
hotdog o nthe bottom.
A giraffe looking to the left.
Giraffe with its back to the camera looking left.
A bald man with glasses wearing a yellow and red jacket.
Older man wearing glasses and holding up what looks like a check.
A man with a small guitar wearing a yellowish shirt,.
The man playing a small instrument.
A sheep in front of all others.
A white sheep that is facing to the left.
solid brown horse with brown mane to the right.
Light brown horse wakling through water with grass sticking up through the water.
The person who is cut in half wearing a bright purple shirt.
man wearing purple shirt with back to camera.
The sausage sitting on top of the beans and french fries.
weiner on the right.
A man in a black jacket sitting at a table.
a man in a black coat.
A yellow and green umbrella propped up over a man in a yellow t-shirt.
The beach umbrella colored yellow and green.
Third sink from the left in front of a mirror.
The third sink from the back.
a giraffe with its head down.
A giraffe standing up.
An infant lays on its back with some space between itself and a brown, fluffy teddy bear.
a baby in the bed.
The brown couch facing away from the kitchen.
A brown leather couch near the kitchen.
Headboard of bed.
headboard and pillows she is leaning on.
A teddy bear that is white in color.
White stuffed bear.
a man wearing a suit standing next to the fridge.
a man black suit.
A boy, with skis and ski poles, in brown cargo shorts and camoflage shirt.
The boy with the yellow helmet.
A bird that is close to the baby in a pink shirt.
A bird standing on the shoulder of a person with its tail touching her face.
A red and gray striped couch an elderly man is sitting on.
Striped couch behind a man in a striped shirt.
reflection of the black cat.
a cats reflection.
Food on a stick in a white paper.
Corn on the cub with sea salt and seasonings on top.
The couch facing the windows that is brown.
The couch on the left side of the fireplace.
the chair on the left in the right hand picture.
A tan wooden chair furthest from the table.
furthest lego zebra.
A zebra that's standing to the right of two other zebras.
A cow standing between two cows lying down.
standing cow whose face is partially visible.
An elderly woman in a dark blue raincoat holding a dark blue umbrella.
A laughing, old woman with a blue umbrella and blue raincoat stands in the rain.
The elephant in the back.
The trailing elephant.
Black and white plaid umbrella that is open and being held.
The umbrella hold by grand ma.
Hands on the left.
The hand the bird on the left is perching on.
The leftmost designer toilet.
A toilet sitting to the left of two other toilets.
zebra playing with baby zebra.
standing zebra.
Black and pink kite.
A large pink kite being assembled by a man in a wetsuit.
A hot dog unobstructed.
the hotdog on the right.
The bowl extreem left in front of camera.
white bowl with blue stripe.
a traffic light on a pole.
A stoplight on the corner of the road.
bottom half of out of frame person.
The black chair with wooden arms.
A chair with a wooden frame and a black cushion for sitting.
The umbrella with the red border and light blue background.
An umbrella with a Minnie Mouse design and pink border hangs upside down in a shop.
Man on phone.
A man holding a telephone.
The black man who is trying to grab the soccer ball.
A frisbee player in a black shirt.
woman in darker green shirt with a determined look on her face holding Wii controlers.
The woman that is smiling big.
this is a red motorcycle.
A red and black motorcycle in the middle of a fruit market.
The bike under the person holding the umbrella.
the bike the person with the umbrella is riding.
a man is putting on his tie.
A man getting help putting on a tie.
A black baby sheep.
The black sheep being pet.
The woman wearing a stethoscope, that is measuring the heart rate of the cow.
A woman wearing a baseball cap.
Two people standing near each other under their umbrellas.
Man in black suit holding clear umbrella.
The main airplane.
A large commercial airliner.
A blonde woman wearing a red shirt.
A black suitcase that's open on a bed with various bits of clothing spread out.
an open black suitcase.
A spoon wedged underneath a desert.
The spoon to the left of the other spoon.
gray couch with a blanket on it with stripes.
The second green truck in a row of green trucks.
truck with license plate e9fgb.
A women with glass of drink.
A woman drinking white wine.
the baseball bat on the far left.
baseball bat of person on the left.
A skateboard laying upside down on the ground in front of the blue backpack.
A skateboard laying next to a blue backpack.
An iced doughnut on a plate decorated with names and hearts.
a round cake with white frosting, decorated with a couples' names.
A blue plate with raw vegetables.
A blue plate with various vegetables on it.
The dining table where woman is eating.
A table with a plate of food on it and wine glasses.
Woman in the rear on the left wearing a blue sweater with blonde hair.
Older lady in blue jacket at table.
A man in glasses is eating a hot dog with relish.
The man in the white shirt eating a hot dog.
orange and white cat pillow.
A stuffed cat.
A ski a boy and a woman are standing on.
Skies which the child wears.
Back of chair where man in white shirt is sitting.
Back of a dark brown chair a man in a white shirt is sitting in.
white coach facing the window.
A WHITE SOFA SET NEAR BY NIGHT LAMP.
A triangle of cake topped with almond slices.
The office chair directly in front of the larger computer monitor.
folded map in tones of brown printed to look hand drawn and old.
brown map.
A man with a yellow t-shirt sitting in a chair while looking at his laptop computer.
A man wearing a yellow shirt sits in a leather chair.
a truck following another truck.
firetruck behind firetruck with CDF on it.
A slice of an unusual food comprised of bread and toppings closes to a hand.
the back slice of 4 slices of pizza.
pizza covered with healthy toppings.
Half of a gourmet pizza next to a plate of strawberries.
Glass of red wine.
A half full wine glass on a busy table.
a bunk bed frame.
A bed with a mattress that has no sheet.
A smiling man holding a laptop completely covered in stickers.
A man grinning at the camera wearing a blue flannel shirt and short blonde hair.
A red book laying on top of other books.
A red books sits next to tins of tea.
A person in the backround wearing a pink shirt.
A female in a pink shirt.
A woman with her hair in a bun, wearing a white shirt and a long apron.
Woman in apron.
A man wearing a military uniform holding a black suitcase.
Man in full army uniform holding a suitcase and wearing a head set.
The middle elephant.
A BIG ELEPHANT WITH ANOTHER TWO SMALL.
Bananas above the clementines.
3 slightly bruised bananas lay next to some oranges followed by more bananas.
A large slice of layer cake on a white square plate.
a slice of layered chocolate cake.
A bay horse with white socks.
Horse on the left side is not looking towards the camera.
a large grey elephant.
elephant in foreground.
stool that has the bigger deep dish pizza on it.
The woman on the left with her arms crossed and wearing a white shirt.
The woman with glasses with her arms crossed standing next to the man grilling food.
A boy standing on a surfboard.
Kid in red and white swim trunks standing on a surfboard.
Motorcycle with orange accents.
orange and white motorcycle.
Diner by himself on the right side of the table.
The person partially visible on the right side.
A brunette woman with a dumb hat, holding pizza.
The person with a slice of pizza.
The crane in the bottom right corner.
a man with grey trousers is standing with his left hand on his head.
A picture of a brown teddy bear in a blue sweater sitting on the ground next to another teddy bear.
The bear in blue.
1st glass of beer on the left.
A glass of beer to the right of two other glasses of beer.
Air Canada jet with Maple leaf on tail.
An airplane with a Canadian leaf on it.
A red pot containing a rice dish.
A pot with some rice and some kind of yellow food mixed in.
an empty chair.
A chair with a pink and white pillow on it.
person in white hat.
the person in middle.
lady with helmet riding a scooter.
Girl with jean jacket on a blue motor scooter.
A pink kite with a blond woman's face and the Barbie symbol illustrated on it.
A barbie kite.
The woman wearing glasses and a gold crown.
The lady with the crown.
very large pepperoni pizza on red/white checkered tablecloth.
large pizza between girl in sweater and girl in blue and white sundress.
Blue Nivea bottle.
NIVEA original moisture daily lotion in a blue bottle.
A brown goat standing between two lighter colored goats.
A brown goat in between the sheep.
a glass bowl of broccoli and carrots.
The bowl of broccoli and carrots.
Chair back with jacket draped over.
The jacket hanging on the back of the chair.
an elderly man in a blue cap.
A man wearing a blue hat riding a motorcycle.
The brown chair to the left of the cat.
The side of a couch is shown.
The front of a white car at the end of the sidewalk.
A white passenger car, behind a tan building.
train in the middle.
TRAIN ENGINE.
A woman wearing pink looking at a giraffe.
A woman in a pink shirt feeding a giraffe.
the video titled The Future of Ideas.
The top book on the stack.
the leftmost luggage.
the left luggage.
The upside down piece of broccoli on top of another piece of broccoli.
A piece of upside down broccoli.
The open suitcase.
A red and brown suitcase that is opened, sitting in a livingroom.
A wrapped up baritto sits in a bowl.
A tortilla in a bowl surrounded by other bowls of food.
A small boat next to a larger boat.
The smaller boat.
A pair of red tall bar stool chairs.
The lip of the basket in the bottom left corner.
the top part of the basket in the bottom left of the photo.
elephant by white truck.
A gray elephant far back behind another elephant.
A white cup in the plate.
A white cup is in the plate.
A woman in a grey sweater holding up a toothbrush next to a bookcase of files.
woman in grey hoodie holding toothbrush.
A cute mom with brown color top & blue jeans.
A person with a brown t - shirt.
A girl with black hair wearing black shirt standing with three other peoples.
Asian lady in front.
Woman in the green shirt.
Indian woman wearing light green blouse carrying brown shoulder bag looking at appliances.
A few yellow bananas sitting in a bowl with other fruit.
Group of bananas at top of bowl.
a table on the right.
The top of the table in front of the woman in the white shirt.
Man in blue shirt.
man wearing blue shirt giving awkward side hug.
the surfboard behind the woman.
White surf board with blue stripes held by woman.
A short giraffe next to a tall giraffe.
A small giraffe next to a larger giraffe.
The picture directly above the tv.
The laptop displayed in the ad above the TV.
cup holding asparagus.
Man third from left.
A ban wearing a piece of black fabric around his waist.
A white bench with its back to a green rail.
A blue and white bench sitting against the rail.
a black and white zebra standing behind another zebra.
A zebra standing behind another zebra.
A suitcase on a wooden table.
A small black bag on a table next to a chair,two suitcases, and a couch.
A person with this arm on a table.
The arm of someone wearing a dark t-shirt.
Purple box with salad greens, sliced almonds and purple flowers.
Purple container with purple flowers, green leaves and sliced almonds.
Male with hat and glasses behind a fence, ready to pet a sheep.
Man wearing black hat.
A man with brown hair and wearing glasses.
A man with glasses leaning his elbow on the table.
The chair closest to the refrigerator.
A wooden chair on to the right of a table near a plate of carrots and broccoli.
place next to a window with 5 pillows on it.
pillows below windows.
A man wearing glasses with a bag on his shoulder.
man holding white gun.
The man wearing the shirt with number 114 on it.
A skiier number 114.
woman with winnie the pooh tie.
an old lady is standing between a woman and a man.
A young boy  wearing white t shirt and wearing dark black half pant wearing white shoes with glasses is displayed on the image.
a boy wearing glass.
The guy looking at his phone.
Man with brown ponytail.
A cat looking on the right next to another one.
a cat looking sideways.
A loaf of bread on white paper.
Wrinkled brown bread on wrinkled white paper.
a zerbra looking back on the right.
A guy wearing a red hat and a white sleeveless shirt, black shorts, and cleats laying down with a frisbee in his hands.
person laying on ground.
A groom with glasses and facial hair in a tuxedo cutting a wedding cake.
A man wearing a black and white suit and glasses cutting into a wedding cake.
the boy wearing the blue striped hoodie sweatshirt.
A boy standing on a skateboard.
sheep laying in grass.
A MOTHER SHEEP WITH THREE OF HER KIDS.
The table on the right.
The end of a table, with a pink tablecloth at which eight people are sitting.
a giraffe behind another giraffe.
A giraffe following another giraffe.
A gray couch with an ottoman in front and black side table to the side.
Light blue couch.
the chair on the top of the picture.
chair back.
The lighter brown cow.
The brown cow standing in back.
A bowl with a paper Chinese food container sitting in it.
The far pizza.
A pizza that is not so round that is sitting on a table.
large sofa in middle.
A couch on which a man is reading a book.
black haired woman playing tennis.
Girl holding the racket in front of her face.
piece of toast on the left of the plate.
The toast to the left of the butter.
The bench with no one sitting on it.
Unoccupied bench.
the laptop that is black and folded.
A BLACK COLOR SHINING LAPTOP CLOSED 90%.
A monitor displaying a skull and crossbones.
The screen of the laptop computer.
a black cat sitting next to a white cat.
a black cat.
A bowl full of cherries.
A glass bowl of red and black cherries.
The luggage in front of asian girl with sun glasses.
a green duffel bag next to an asian lady.
female on the sign, wearing skirt and black boots.
Girl wearing boots.
The piece of food that is still intact.
A square non-traditional pizza.
The back of a person riding a motorcycle alone and wearing a t-shirt.
motorcycle rider of motorcyle tagged 684R6.
a coffee cup with the entire leaf visible.
coffee in a red cup with a leaf shape in the foam.
A woman underneath an umbrella walking with black sandals.
A woman wearing a black dress and carrying a umbrella in the rain.
the brown bear on the left.
A mother bear leading her cubs through the grass.
The cat with its eyes open.
The white cat on the right with his eyes open.
a woman in black shorts.
The person in the black shirt and black shorts.
A messenger bag.
carrier bag held by boy in middle.
A tall giraffe standing to protect it's young.
The tall giraffe that is standing up.
Left front facing traffic light.
A traffic light that is green on the left side of the road.
A wooden table near some people.
A bottle of alcohol sitting on a table with other objects.
Player who has ball.
A baseball player get ready to throw the ball during a game.
A rental car shuttle that is leaving the shuttle docking area at an airport.
RENTAL CAR SHUTTLE.
The man in blue jeans and a red shirt.
A man in a red shirt playing wii.
A sheep looking in the other direction as a dog is coming.
A sheep standing with other sheep, looking away from a sheep dog.
There is a grey color laptop beside black colored laptop.
A blurry white cylinder with a pink top in the corner.
the bottle behind the orange juice.
A groom of Asian descent in a black tuxedo being fed cake by the bride.
groom.
A man in brown pant wearing helmet is carrying the snowboard with both the hands.
A snowboarder is holding his showboard while talking to another man.
a man at a podium.
man in front giving a lecture.
Lower clock using roman numbers.
The reflection on a brass alarm clock with roman numerals on the face.
A asian man with a purple and black shirt on.
a man in a purple shirt.
furthest zebra facing camera.
A zebra behind two other zebras.
A green and white portable video game console.
small green computer that the man with a white t-shirt is using.
A man with a mustache and a checked jacket.
man with cane outside.
A man in a white shirt and brown shorts riding a bicycle and pulling a cart behind.
The man is wearing a pair of khaki shorts.
man standing behind boy looking at the laptop.
Man bent over looking at the screen of a laptop computer on a desk with another man.
The backside of a zebra standing to the right of two others.
A zebra leaning down to drink on the right.
A bus that says Sebastian El GDE.
The R1 bus.
the man's bike in the right hand picture.
Front handlebars on bicycle.
A red bus on the side of the road behind a white flatbed truck.
red bus.
A closed suitcase.
A closed suitcase.
A woman dressed in pink helps a girl cook.
woman in pink shirt.
The guy with the white socks is the only one sitting down to play the game.
a male sitting down.
A White and blue plane in the air.
An airplane flying over an airport.
Chair in kitchen near counter top.
A person with a green and grey shirt with blue jeans sitting on a couch with a black laptop, surrounded by two females with another male in the distance.
A man wearing green sitting between two other people.
Girl in a pink robe.
the girl dressed in red.
woman taking backhand swing in the shot to the left.
A woman on the left playing tennis.
A man with white t-shirt skating near a shopping mall.
man with red skully skatboard grinding.
A woman in a white wedding dress, holding a knife along with her husband.
The bride with the knife.
A man's right leg is propped on a desk, next to a mouse.
The man's right shoe.
A woman in a black shirt eating a pizza.
A woman holding a fork and a knife sits next to a pizza.
An elephant passing in front of another elephant.
the elephant you only see the legs of.
the giraffe on the left.
The elephant behind on the right.
An elephant is standing in tall grass behind another elephant.
A commuter bus pulls out of the bus stop station.
Bus #5910 labeled A TRAIN TO.
A man in a purple shirt folding his arms as another man speaks.
A man sitting with his arms crossed.
A piece of pizza forming the left eye of a pizza smiley face.
The piece of pizza on the left.
The large bus which the person with the bagpack is staring at.
FRONT OF BUS ON BOTTOM PIC.
A toiler with a closed lid next to a toiler with an open lid.
A white toilet in front of another toilet.
A boy holding a white controller.
A boy in a blue tye dye shirt holding something white in his hand and standing next to another boy in a blue hoodie jacket.
a pink van.
pink truck on side of road.
a man with glasses and a dark green shirt.
Man without a drink.
A wooden table with food on it.
a table where people are sitting at with multiple plates of food on it.
A chair sits empty behind two cats.
The chair behind the two cats.
A fork placed horizontally next to some chocolate cake.
woman with flannel shirt.
a smileing women.
surfboard.
The nose end of a white surfboard.
A blue chair.
blue fabric chair with white frame.
The woman in black.
a woman with short hair in jeans with two black bags.
A car nearest to the group of people.
A man dressed all in beige stands grinning with a wii-mote in one hand and the other hand on his groin.
The man standing in all brown with a controller in his hand and holding his crotch.
The orange that is closest to the bottle top.
The car of which back is open.
the suv in the right hand picture.
the elephant on the left with his trunk on the ground.
elephant with his trunk on the ground.
person in red shirt.
The person oin the red shirt and white shoes.
The small, white refrigerator.
large refrigerator door with blue and gray square symbol.
Child with white long sleeve t-shirt.
A woman in a blue dress opening a refridegerator.
woman in blue dress opening a fridge.
A white male wearing an orange and grey shirt with white shorts holding a tennis racket while on the court with 3 other people.
Tennis player in orange and gray shirt.
Orioles baseball player waiting on pitch.
a base ball player playing.
A black chair with a person sitting near a table.
The chair in which the woman in the burgandy shirt is sitting on.
A chair with a remote on its arm.
A couch with a remote control on it.
A man playing soccer in a red shirt.
partiall visible soccer player in red sleaved uniform.
a table in front of four people that has wine glasses on it.
A table has several wine glasses on it.
Blue colour luggage bag.
The black suitcase to the right of the girl.
A dark black car with its parking lights on behind lady in pink.
The black car directly behind the girl in the fuzzy hat.
A horse with a larger white face stripe.
A small teddy bear in a pink tutu.
The stuffed bear wearing a tutu.
man on right.
A man wearing a blue sweater.
skier in blue.
Man wearing snow skis and holding ski poles standing in the snow looking backwards at other skiers.
floral loveseat.
A striped couch.
A man in a black shirt with white pants pitches a ball.
A man in black t shirt running towards batsmen with a ball.
an empty chair.
A black chair with silver arms.
A woman in a light blue shirt-dress wearing a large crocheted looking backpack.
a person in a blue shirt.
A white colored pillow which has some mokey cartoons on it.
A white bean bag couch with sock monkies on it.
A truck that is to the left of two other trucks.
A black pickup trick with the door open.
An empty couch with a colorful cushion.
the couch facing the tv.
a person in a plaid shirt.
A man in a blue collared shirt playing the Wii.
the man wearing a black shirt and jeans.
a man sitting with blue jacket and blue jean.
Two hot-dogs with bacon wrapped around them in a plastic container.
Two hotdogs with bacon on them.
A girl with a pink hat feeding a giraffe leaves.
a young girl feeding a giraffe.
brown and white horse.
A horse behind another.
This is a horse along side another horse eating grass.
A upper deck bed with rails.
Man in black top and a blue cap.
There is one person wearing black T-shirt holding something on his hand.
white color table in the image.
Shiny white table top that has relections in it.
surfboard leaning against van.
The surf board leaning against the car.
A tennis racquet being held by a man who is wearing green shorts and rubbing his eye.
the racket the man on the far right is holding in the right hand picture.
A large table with plates of food and a jug of milk with a blue cap.
a man in a grey and brown striped shirt sitting on a bench.
A man wearing a striped shirt sitting at a table.
man doing trick on skateboard.
A man in mid air doing a skateboard trick.
A MAN SITTING THE CHAIR AND HOLDING THE BROWN COLOR TEDDY.
A man wearing a car shirt and santa hat.
doll in the left most top corner side of the image.
a white teddy bear is dressed in silver.
Small laptop with a colorful screensaver that is hooked up to the network.
open silver laptop to the left of the picture.
Black area behind man.
black shirt of the server.
A chair with books on it.
a brown chair that's parcially blocked by a girl.
plywood dinning table.
The empty table next to the table with the tray of food.
The keyboard that is detached from the monitor.
The detached computer keyboard.
The man in the red and white shirt.
An old man in a kitchen.
A skateboard being used to do a trick.
board going down the ramp.
A man in a blue snowsuit.
A person in blue on skiis helping another to their feet.
The brown and white bird in the foreground. The bird is looking towards the left.
a small bird standing on a twig.
A cake with white frosting and many candles, sitting on a table.
A birthday cake with many candles and squirrel on top of it.
A man wearing a red helmet tilting his motorcycle forward.
A man in a red helmet on a motorcycle.
the blurry bike headed left.
The blurry motorcyle with the two people riding on it.
an open orange patio umbrella.
A yellow awning over the woman in blue.
A skier in the middle of two people.
a skier standing in the middle of two men.
Apple laptop with sticker.
An Apple lap top computer with a sticker on it.
the white van stopping on the side of road.
the white van to the right of the people.
piece of tomato pizza on most right.
A slice of pizza which is to the right.
A wine glass between 2 other wine glasses.
different shaped wine glass between two identical wine glasses.
A BUS STANDING ON ROAD NEAR POLICE MAN.
Bus after accident.
A white bear in black boots.
A sitting teddy bear statue wearing a light colored coat and hat.
A baby holding a pink toothbrush is sitting in the white and pink high chair.
A baby in a purple and white high chair with a spoon in his mouth.
a beige sofa.
section of the sofa where the cat is sitting on.
A WHITE COLOUR KEYBOARD USING TO ACCESS COMPUTER.
wireless keyboard.
Shirt behind the cat.
a red blanket behind a cat.
A white four-door car, by the side of the road.
A grey car facing a  green truck.
A fully visible laptop screen.
a white icing bear.
The white bear on the cake.
large white van with the passenger door open.
white van with open door.
Our president of the United States of America, Barack Obama.
President Barack Obama makeing a speach.
The darkest giraffe shown.
Mother Zebra watching the calves.
a tennis player in a red shirt and black shorts.
A MAN WEARING THE RED COLOUR BANIYAN.
A woman with a green umbrella.
A woman in a black outfit holding a green checkered umbrella.
the flying seagull.
A seagul flying over seaguls sitting on an old car.
The glass on the left of the group.
the glass that is being held up the highest.
A man standing with black color coat on a platform.
A girl in the middle of a group looking at her phone.
woman in the black sweater.
A woman with curly hair in a black shirt with a black strap across her chest.
A young girl wearing white frock looking  at the pizza is on the image.
A women in center with white dress.
the left piece of sandwich.
The left half of a sandwich.
Man in the lime green top with a black wrist band on.
A man with a lime green shirt and black wristband.
a black cell phone with letters and at the bottome.
The black phone second to the right with the most buttons.
A blue bike which come first.
the blue dirt bike.
A man wearing a hat at a counter.
a man standing with a gray sweater on.
a wooden stool that a man is sitting on.
full drink goblet next to the desert plate.
A glass full of lemon juice.
A woman in pink satin pajama pants sleeps on the couch beside a man holding a Wiimote.
A woman sleeping on a brown colored sofa.
A man is getting his hair combed.
A man in suit getting his hair combed.
two pieces of bread dressed with tomato in a plate.
A sandwich being made.
A piece of chocolate cake.
A small piece of chocolate cake on a plate of desserts.
hinde end of zebra on left.
The behind of a zebra.
A man in a suit pulls his sunglasses down his nose.
A MAN IS STANDING ON THE ROAD WEARING GLASSES.
a pair of black umbrellas being held by a couple, shielding their faces.
the umbrella closest to the camera.
A slice of fruit sitting the closest to carrots.
A slice of grapefruit on a white plate.
a woman with a peach shirt.
The tennis player on the court.
small white bowl with white stuff in it.
A small dish of butter served next to some baked dish.
Old man with a tan hat.
military man with cream colored hat cutting a cake.
The oranges that are stacked directly behind the man's legs.
A white goat in a barn.
White sheep in a barn with something marked on its back.
The rear ends of two brown horses.
A medium brown horse next to a dark brown horse.
The fridge on the left.
A fridge which is behind the left side of a woman.
A black wooden chair where a baby is sitting.
The brown chair.
Man in blue jeans playing a video game.
A gentleman wearing a black long-sleeved shirt handles a Nintendo Wii controller.
the bowl of oranges.
Orange slices in a dish.
A plane with Chine written on its side.
the airplane with the words china on it.
The table behind the little girl.
The tall table no one is seated at.
A baseball umpire watching for the baseball.
An umpire wearing all black in a crouched position.
Man wearing a white shirt and a vest standing behind another man.
Man in grey vest taking picture.
A blurry bird that isn't eating an apple.
An out of focus bird behind another bird.
Black dog looking at a woman.
A black color dog is side the girl and another dog.
a laptop keyboard with all silver keys.
The keyboard of the older Macbook that's not resting on books.
A colorful bus front with a man hanging out of the door.
This is a white bus with orange head lights.
the first bear in the road.
A bear cub in front of an adult bear.
A white bowl with vegetables in it.
A small bowl of vegetables sits next to slices of pizza and eating utensils.
MAN IN THICK BLACK COAT WITH HIS BACK TURNED.
The black chair at the table in back.
a wooden chair.
The wooden chair the baby is sitting on.
A man in a white shirt playing tennis.
man in white tennis shoes serves the ball in a tennis match.
a small round bottle of apple juice with the cap on.
a small short bottle of juice.
chef pouring liquid.
Chef with black hat pouring food from one container into another.
Man in white playing tennis.
A man in a white shirt and shorts playing tennis.
The chaise part of the grey couch.
the sofa in cream color.
A skier in a jacket with a white stripe.
Man skiing wearing a santa hat and sunglasses.
A women with red hair is sitting on the bench next to a guy whose is wearing a grey sweater with a black beanie on.
A young woman with red hair and wearing her glasses on top of her head, with a jeans jacket.
A sliver laptop to the left of a stack of a disposable cups displays tables of information.
WHITE COLOR LAPTOP MAIL OPENED IN THE MONITOR.
A green vase.
A vase with the stem of a single rose in it.
A man in a black rainsuit walking through water.
a man's legs in a rain jacket.
White surfboard laying in the sand with black straps on it.
A white surfboard with a greenish-yellow striped design at the end.
the tennis player on the left.
Arm chair near the door.
A brown couch with a girl lying on it.
a man was sitting on bancha and writting.
A man wearing a ballcap sitting on a bench.
The baby between two adults.
A baby in a green shirt and gray pants.
A lighter colored giraffe.
this is a giraffe facing away from the camera.
An old man in gray coat with blue shirt and an cane sitting between 2 other men on a bench.
Old man sitting between two other old men wearing a coat.
table with flowers on it.
The white table the man is standing next to.
A piece of broccoli with the head part facing left.
Steamed broccoli on a plate next to a grilled sandwich.
A black and white bird on a rock looking towards the right.
sliced orange on the green mat.
A half piece of orange.
The giraffe in the back.
giraffe in the back.
Man in striped shirt.
A man on a couch with striped clothes and another man.
A boy.
a boy standing in orange and black color shirt.
A man in a blue shirt wearing glasses.
The man in blue smiling.
A black taxi turning in front of a red bus.
The black taxi in directly front of the red bus.
A toilet on the right side of the room.
Toilet behind blue partition.
A MAN RAN AWAY FROM GROUND.
A man wearing tan pants.
The giraffe whose body is not shown.
VEGETABLE SALAD IN A WHITE BOWL.
the white dish on top of the red cloth.
A young woman cross country skiing in a orange jacket and brown ski pants.
Person with an orange coat wearing skis.
A zebra resting its muzzle on the back of another zebra.
The zebra resting it's chin on the back of another.
The baggage strapped across the shoulder of a traveler.
A black messenger bag under the elbow of a man talking on the phone.
A woman bathing a baby.
A woman washing a baby in a sink.
A wooden bench that has a woman sitting on it.
A gray wooden bench.
One of two bananas is placed immediately to the right of some oranges.
The banana that is to the outmost left hand side. It is more towards the oranges rather than the apples.
a woman with a pink umbrella.
A person walking down the sidewalk carrying a pink umbrella.
Two hands sitting on a sparkly red package.
Two hands with a ring on one.
The bigger suitcase is on the bottom.
A large tan suitcase in the back of a car under a smaller tan suitcase.
A bride with pizza cheese hanging off pizza.
A woman holds up a piece of pizza, she is wearing a dress.
the left hand of a person pressing a button with its thumb.
hand on the bottom of the phone.
A zebra with another zebra standing immediately behind it.
zibera in the zoe.
The horse partially obscured, behind the horse getting washed.
A horse behind another horse.
A man throwing the ball in baseball.
A baseball player pitching the ball.
the pair of legs on the left side.
A person in blue sandals and short blue pants that goes down to the knees.
The zebra behind the other.
two zebras.
The wooden chair with a white cushion and a green throw pillow.
A wooden armchair with white cushions with a green pillow on it .
man over person in green ties right shoulder.
Grey haired man in black suit and white shirt wearing glasses.
A brown leather bag.
Dark brown handbag carrying toiletries, black umbrella, a book and bottle of water.
Tennis player with white cap on his head.
The tennis player in the white hat.
A BLACK TRAIN IN THE BACKGROUND OF AN AUTO SHOW.
The engine cart in the front of the train.
The snowboard of the person kneeling over.
The black snow board is covered with snow.
girl in a pink skirt and black tights.
A young girl wearing black jacket playing .
a drawing notebook to the left of a white notepad.
THE BLACK OBJECT WITH A PERSON'S PHOTO ON ITS FRONT.
Half of a bananna tilted sideways without a fork in it.
Part of a yellow banana sits on the left side of a wooden shelf.
The blue and red airplane whose nose is facing towards the camera.
a blue jet.
A dark boat with a white strip.
A sailboat with a white triangle.
Woman with cute short haircut.
A woman wearing a scarf and smiling for the camera.
A baseball player with KEMP and the number 27 on his jersey.
Baseball player, Kemp # 27 at bat behind home plate.
A salad with shredded carrots in it.
Square plate with various sliced vegetables.
A man in a yellow shirt stirring the pot.
Man with a yellow shirt stirring a cooking pot with a long, metal utensil.
The player about to hit the ball.
man with tennis racket.
the broccoli on the far right.
The broccoli piece furthest right.
The man who is putting the tie around his neck.
A man putting a tie on his own neck.
A girl baseball player.
a lady holding a bat.
slivered carrots on a plate with brocolli, grapes and a burger.
The black,silver,and red motorcycle in the front.
The motorcycle closest to the camera.
A man sitting in the tan chair.
A man sitting on the sofa wearing black.
A white toilet bowl.
A white toilet seat in front of blue wall.
baby zebra.
Young zebra nursing from it's mother.
a book between a box and a book.
a book lying on top of a box beneath another book.
person in the right most side of the image.
Person walking away in short pants.
A grey chair facing away.
The empty gray chair behind the woman putting together the bears.
an empty coutch.
BROWN COLOR TWO ATTACHED SOFA SET.
the toddler in blue in the right hand picture.
A child holding a sippy cup.
A book on a bed with a cellphone on the top of it.
A book lying closed with a cell phone on top of it.
woman in blue dress.
a woman in a blue dress.
The zebra eating grass on the right that is not next to any animals.
a zebra eating grass in front of several other eating animals.
An empty red chair behind a white cat.
The tail of a plane that is otherwise not visible.
The boy in the red shirt.
A boy wearing a white t-shirt under a red sweatshirt and blue jeans.
cow on left.
cow was giving milk.
top tier of cake.
The rectangular top tier of a cake.
lady in red selling decorations.
an women wearing red dress seeing flowers.
A long kite that is red and green.
A very long red and green kite.
A brown leather couch with a folded white blanket sitting on it.
A sofa in the living room.
The motorcycle the nearest woman is on.
the black motorcycle the woman is sitting on.
A left side electronic device.
Game handles remotes to a Wii console.
A small blue car.
A small blue car parked on the side of the road.
The section of black bench back behind the woman in glasses.
The black bench behind the woman with glasses.
a lady in a striped shirt looking at a man sleeping.
a woman looking at a man on a bench.
train on the right.
a train with a man next to a open door.
A carrot on top of others.
baby carrots.
The chocolate pastry.
A doughnut with chocolate drizzled on black cookies as a topping.
A man in a black shirt, looking overwhelmed, as he gazes at his computer screen.
man with a black color shirt looking at laptop.
The man in the black shirt looking at a laptop.
A hand with a ring on the pinky finger draped over the girl's shoulder.
An arm resting on a woman's shoulder.
A white aeroplane.
An airplane in a service bay with its door open.
A car parked by a meter.
A burgandy colored vehicle parked on the side of the street.
A brown chair facing a round table.
A leather armchair with a black laptop bag sitting on it.
person next to boy.
A man wearing a trench coat and brown suede shoes.
A ski under the right foot of a skier wearing yellow and red.
The right ski of a skier wearing red pants.
A giraffe behind a tree.
A giraffe whose head is behind a tree branch and who is standing near a giraffe eating.
The reflection in the mirror of a yellow tabby cat.
An orange tabby cat's reflection in the mirror.
A multi-colored kite lying on the sand.
A red, yellow, gren, and blue kite laying on the sand of the beach, surrounded by two people.
The man in a black shirt holds an empty paper bag.
Man brushing his teeth in a dorm.
a man was sitting on bancha.
A person in a white shirt holding a bracelet and a cell phone.
A large giraffe standing  to the right of two smaller giraffes.
mostly visible giraffe standing to the right side.
A horse with a blue harness.
The cow is front the hat man.
A bull with it's head twisted.
A maroon piece of luggage located under a brown desk.
A smaller roller red suitcase next to a larger one.
The luggage on the bottom.
bottom trunk.
bus in the front.
The front bus.
A LADY FLY A KITE WITH HIS KID AND DOG WEARING DENIM AND BLACK COLOR T SHIRT ON THE SAND LAND.
A man with a thread of a kite.
a wood chair.
chair bottom left.
A double decker bus second on the right.
two buses behind the cinzano bus.
A table with two empty black plates on it.
Two empty plates on a table with a remote control.
Black jacket and jeans on a person holding an umbrella.
An individual with blue umbrella and white and blue backpack.
son and father.
A man with glasses is standing with a young boy that is wearing a blue striped tie.
custom blue street bike with black rims.
A big motorcycle.
A woman playing tennis.
A female tennis player making a dive for the ball.
right table in which a fat man is taking sun bath.
Top part of bunk bed with ladder.
Wooden bunk bed with ladder and red sheets.
zebra eatting front.
The closest of the pair of zebras facing left and eating grass.
Gray flower pot with crawling vines growing above it.
the wooden bucket.
A yellow umbrella being held by a person in a black shirt with white dots.
Profile view of a lego zebra.
a side profile of a zebra.
A red and black bicycle secured to a sign pole.
A red bicycle parked by a pole.
a women wearing  yellow dress.
a lady with yellow dress.
The motorcycle with glasses on top of it.
A blue motorcycle near a man with a black motorcycle.
A chair with a cat in it and and ottoman with a remote on it.
a black cat on a white couch.
A rooster standing tall on a piece of wood.
rooster standing on wood.
The pizza is covered with a green salad sprinkled with cheese.
PIZZA WITH LEAVES.
A brown bench Buddhist monks are sitting on.
Wooden table being sat on closest to the viewer.
A woman in a long sleeve shirt.
A woman watching as a man uses a computer.
Bus with number 1552 on it.
Bus 1552 on the left.
A stuffed bunny with only one eye showing.
Half of a white stuffed animal sitting next to a similar stuffed animal.
cake cut by knife.
A party cake kept on the table is getting cut.
The blurred snadwich half on the plate.
A blurry half of a sandwich on a plate.
couch.
A brown couch placed against the burgundy wall.
kid about to catch frisbee.
Young boy reaching for a frisbee.
A white station wagon driving past a truck being unloaded.
A station wagon in front of the delivery truck.
A woman next to a baby.
the girl in a black shirt.
A woman in green to the right of a woman eating a hot dog.
half-seen lady in green and white striped shirt.
The small giraffe.
the smaller giraffe walking in the back of the enclosure.
A soft ball player standing idle.
Player in blue on the outside of the fence.
The brown chair opposite at the table with a laptop and glass of water.
Dude in glasses with hands holding scissors next to his head.
a man getting his hair cut.
Woman wearing a green top holding a white surfboard.
a woman wearing a green top.
A man in a white soccer uniform.
The player wearing the white clothes.
Dog in front wearing muzzle on face.
a dog on the right,.
The edge of a brown bowl, next to a bown of bananas.
A wooden counter in front of bowl of green banana's.
boy wearing blue shirt.
A boy wearing white shorts who is holding a Frisbee.
"A man wearing a brown sweater whose standing near the Coca Cola.".
A man in a brown coat over a grey hoody sweatshirt with blue jeans stands in front of the counter.
Semi circle sofa on the living room.
A boy with a yellow jersey and batting helmet swings a bat.
A picture of a boy in a yellow shirt and white pants swinging a baseball bat at a ball.
skiier with 277 on coat.
A man denoted as number 277 using a ski jump.
Man with hand in pocket.
Phone manual with green and pink pages opened.
tigo add book of page number 6 and 7.
A man wearing a white dress shirt and a blue tie.
A man in a blue tie and white shirt.
the skier who is standing up straight.
A man in a black and grey coat standing on a snowboard in the snow.
The person in red shoes.
A kid on his skis skiing.
tallest man in the image.
A man in a white t-shirt standing with two other men.
A woman wearing a bracelet helps put candles on a cake.
Person wearing a silver bracelet and a silver ring.
The bicycle that isn't red.
A bicycle behind another bicycle.
A ram in the middle of a herd.
a herd of sheep standing up in a field.
The child to the outermost right side of the photo wearing a pink t-shirt with long hair.
A girl dressed in pink playing video games.
A man sitting on a couch wearing a red shirt.
A man in a red shirt.
A small bench covered with a green cloth.
A green, unoccupied couch.
A guy wearing black and pink shirt and white pant is riding a horse.
A jockey wearing a black cap riding a horse.
A person holding an orange paper cup.
A hand holding an orange cup.
middle opened scissors.
An open rusty pair of scissors.
The person barely visible behind the lady wearing a yellow t-shirt and red undershirt.
A man behind a woman wearing a yellow shirt with red underneath it.
the white chair at the right side of the picture.
a white chair under the table.
the tablebeneath the food.
the right bowl in the right hand picture.
A brown glass bowel sits on the right side of the table.
A smiling man in a blue shirt.
the man holding the other man's tie.
A man in a gray shirt, raising his hands, wearing a ring.
A man talking with his right hand up.
A tall man with blonde hair holding several sheep.
A man holding two black lambs and one white lamb.
A wooden chair facing a laptop.
A brown wooden chair facing an open laptop.
A person wearing a cap who is blocked from view by a flower.
The person with the sock hat.
a person sitting with legs crossed.
A person in black jeans sitting on a couch.
The table in the lower right corner..
The dark counter closest to the camer.
the kid with glasses looking at the giraffes.
a boy in a gray tshirt petting a giraffe.
parking meter closest to us.
A Zebra is standing in between two zebra face is not visible.
A giraffe standing in the background with it's head blocked by the tree.
sideways standing black and white zebra looking at the camera.
The zebra on the left,  that we can see most of his body.
A girl in an orange swim suit eating.
a child eating.
A girl dressed in black checking her phone.
A lady working with mobile phone.
a black computer monitor.
19 inches led monitor showing lake and other running applications.
A motorcycle on the far left that is behind two older gentlemen.
bike in the left to the back.
Scissors being wiped ona cloth, above and to the left of other images.
oranges sitting on table with vines.
A small cow to the right of icecream.
smaller cow mannequin.
female soldier clipping a man's tie.
woman cutting mans tie.
A skateboard with a woman on it.
A skateboard with a young girl riding on it.
The train on the right side track heading to us.
A train docked at the train station.
An umpire in dark clothing behind a catcher.
umpire.
A man wearing an orange shirt and white shorts jumping in the air.
guy in orange shirt.
A woman with a purple floral shirt cutting a cake.
A girl cutting a cake with knife.
the brown cat laying in the middle.
Siamese cat.
The zebra facing towards the camera that's not a baby.
Medium size zebra facing forward.
A black woman in a blue striped shirt playing a video game.
black lady in striped shirt and jeean.
blurry silver car in the foreground.
A  blurry image of a gray car.
leaves from a green plant behind the sofa and by the door.
A few plants behind some chairs and a lamp.
A yellow bus being loaded up with children.
a yellow school bus filled with children.
The man in the dark pants with a white shirt and black tie.
A giraffe reaching its head over another giraffe toward a tree.
A multi-colored keyboard on a desk.
keyboard for computer to the most left.
The kid on the bike wearing a hat with a gentlemen holding the kid on the back.
a child riding a bicycle.
The man with red hair who is wearing a red bandanna and a blue shirt.
A man with a red band on his head.
A giraffe near the wall fence and putting his head out.
A ziraffe putting head out above the wall and seeing outside.
TRIANGLE SHAPE PIECE OF A PISA.
Pizza slice with pepperoni, olives and orange cheese on top.
A SMALL GRAY BABY ELEPHANT WITH ITS MOTHER.
a baby elephant beside its mama.
A black and white clock made by Pendulum.
A ROUND SHAPED CLOCK MODEL, BUT NO NEEDLES.
an older man in a white polo shirt and black shirt running near the soccer ball.
A man in a white polo, black shirts, black socks and black shoes looking right for something while turning.
A chair to the right of and behind a puppy.
glass of liquid on the top right of the photo.
glass of water in table.
A batter with a red helmet.
The batter.
The office chair is holding the man with the grey shirt.
a dilapidated royal roost bus.
Old bus in between two other old buses.
A man in a red t shirt.
man with red t-shirt.
A chair being used by a boy in orange.
A chair in back of woman holding waffles.
A beige dining chair sits on a tile floor in the kitchen.
man throwing ball to child.
A man in a black shirt pitching a baseball.
A young boy standing next to a toddler.
The side of a person wearing a blue plaid shirt.
A giraffe looking between two trees near another giraffe.
A mostly brown giraffe with some white markings, standing behind a tree.
A woman in a black coat.
A black dress woman holding a transparent umbrella standing with two friends.
bag in the right side of the pink bag.
Blue and black bag with silver strap, next to pink one.
The giraffe that is the larger of the two.
TWO GIRAFFES IN THEIR CAGE.
A young man with a grey t-shirt on.
left most person.
A woman in a red shirt holding a tennis racquet.
A woman wearing red playing tennis.
A MAN PREPARING FOOD IN KITCHEN.
A man wearing brown shorts and a brown shirty is at the window.
A STUFFED GIRAFFE IN THE BACKGROUND.
A stuffed giraffe is standing behind the woman/.
the fatty man with black jacket.
A man with sun glasses  posing with his wife and a giraffe.
A zebras butt with its tail completely down.
The zebra on the left.
The head of a person standing in line, who is wearing a flower headpiece.
pie to the left on the bottom.
The piece of cake that is second to the left of the fork.
zebra behind other two zebras.
A zebra with its head obscured between two other zebras.
A small cat that is sitting on the side of the laptop.
A white and black cat sitting on a table peering out the window.
a baby elephant.
An elephant that looks to be smiling at people.
Light orange disc.
Pale orange plate.
A silver range microwave oven.
microwave near other appliances.
the zebra closest to the camera.
A zebra looking over his shoulder.
A black Sony Playstation wireless controller.
A black playstation remote is sitting on a blue cover to the left of the other objects.
A teddy bear wearing blue on its face.
A light brown teddy bear wearing blue glasses being held by a young girl.
A sheep leading other sheep on a walk through a grassy meadow.
A freshly sheared sheep leading the group.
A cow licking itself.
A COW SITTING ON THE GRASS AND TURNED HIS/HER HEAD.
YELLOW TRUNK WITH BLACK STRAPS.
A large yellow suitcase to the right of a smaller yellow suitcase.
Pizza with what looks like pepperoni and sausauge.
A pizza with no slices missing.
The top portion of a white van behind  a red truck.
white color car next to red color car.
Giraffe walking in tall grass.
two giraffes are standing in the forest.
man in a grey jersey holding a black baseball bat.
A man in a grey baseball jersey and red and white batting gloves holding a baseball bat.
Four Giraffes standing near a fence to the right of a building.
Airplane on the runway.
A large  plane landing on the runway with a yellow nose on it.
Top of a chair on the other side of someone's desk.
A grey office chair.
horse on left.
the dark brown horse on the left.
An empty red chair next to a chair with a backpack.
Red recliner next to door.
The leftmost train.
Blue ccolor train on the railway line waiting in the right side of another two similar trains.
Roku remote control.
A black remote control.
Someone's left side and only showing ear and shoulder.
a kid whose face is not seen.
Man in black dark blue shirt at a bar.
A man with a dark blue shirt.
the man smiling.
A smiling chef kneading bread dough in a bakery.
The front of the boat the dog is sitting on.
front of boat on which dog is sitting.
A baseball player in red and white holds bat ready to hit.
A baseball player in a red shirt who is holding a bat.
A man wearing sunglasses and a tan coat, talking on a cell phone.
The man in a brown coat who is talking on his cell phone.
A red book lying on a table underneath a remote control.
a red book underneath a remote.
A pickup truck directly beneath the shadow of the sign.
The truck parked inthe middle.
The glass flower vase.
glass flower pot on the table.
a bidet across from a toilet.
an uncovered white porcelain bidet.
A hotel bed closest to the window.
Empty bed.
The horse just front of the camera.
The horse the man is touching.
catcher.
A baseball catcher wearing a red helmet.
The person on the far left of the picture wearing black.
part of a man in the left side of the image.
A bird flying to the right of another bird.
the bird on the right.
Cut carrots on a plate surrounded by other foods.
Sliced carrots on a plate.
A girl laying in bed.
A young girl laying in bed.
A bottle of brown seasoning next to a white plate.
A jar of sea salt stands to the right of a white plate.
A person wearing a blue shirt with their hands in their pocket.
A man in a blue shirt standing next to elephants.
broccoli closest to fish.
a piece of brocoli next to a piece of fish.
door in the back side of the image.
A door leading to the back room.
a chair with multiple clothing articles piled on it.
the recliner to the right of the ironing board.
A giraffe with it's neck upright.
A GIRAFFE STANDING IN FOREST AND TWO MORE GIRAFFE WITH HIM.
A red jacket hanging on the back of a chair.
a red jacket on a chair.
A man who is shorter than the other man.
Older man with gray hair wearing a white polo.
A man with glasses working on a laptop computer.
A man using a laptop.
Open kitchen oven.
BIG OVEN.
A lady sitting behind the hitter watching the game.
A women wearing a black jacket looking forward.
A juvenile elephant standing in a mud bath.
An elephant on the far right that has its trunk on anothers back.
The empty table.
An empty table in a restaurant.
The front most suitcase without anything ontop of it.
smaller tan suitcase sitting in front of larger.
boy in the red shirt.
The person with the red shirt.
The child who is getting their hair combed.
A little child with wet hair.
a rectangular slice of pizza among several other slices.
Lazagna with fork next to it.
chair bottom left corner.
A dinning chair pushed under the long side of a table and does not have an open back.
female jockey.
the girl riding the horse.
man doing skateboard trick.
A man in a white T-shirt and dark pants jumping with his skateboard.
A woman wearing an off yellow blouse.
The woman on the left.
The office chair on wheels closest to the filing cabinets.
A black rolling chair which is closest to the filing cabinets.
The hot dog which has a brown topping.
a large hot dog bending upwards to the right of another hot dog.
An unshaven man smiles under a purple umbrella.
A man with blue eyes and a 5 oclock shadow.
An old man going to cut a cake.
Man in white button down shirt holding knife.
an old woman examining a cat holding by a person.
A woman in black petting a cat.
The rear end of the giraffe that is partially blocked by giraffe in foreground.
A picture showing backside of a giraffe.
a green car passing through the mirror reflection of a door.
A reflection of a green car in a store window.
Man seated for photograph.
A man seated in a chair.
Garlic potatoes in a pot.
potatoes.
A man wearing a black jacket watching a video of an army man near a woman with a baby.
A man in a dark suit facing away from the picture-taker.
A light blue and white KLM asia jet.
Blue and white jumbo jet with KLM Asia on the side.
an orange parking meter with grafitti.
Caramel colored parking meter.
A hanging, horizontal traffic light that is currently red.
Traffic light in horizontal position with red light lit.
A brown elephant stands in the dirt.
A large brown elephant with very pretty tusks, in a green pasture.
Front car window.
The car directly behind the woman.
the second banana from the front.
A yellow couch.
a loveseat is sitting across from a couch.
Carrots and cauliflower in a clear container.
A clear plastic container holding chopped carrots and some white dip.
the table on the left of the guy standing alone.
Table with a bottle of blue colored gatorade on it.
Woman in the kitchen with hand in the oven beside another woman.
A woman wearing jeans and a flannel shirt.
An L-shaped cow print couch with plastic covering. There are two yellow pillows and one red.
A cow patterned couch with two yellow pillows and one red pillow.
person on knee board.
Guy on surfboard riding a wave.
A man in a red tie hugging a girl.
The dorky dude she can do way better then.
A floral patterned loveseat.
floral loveseat closest to camera.
A man wearing khaki pants and a dark blazer sitting down.
Man in a black suit.
The elephant that is in the middle of the group.
elephant in the middle.
the bottom plate in the right hand picture.
The bottom rim of the plate.
a pizza in the far end.
A pizza in the background.
White leather bag open sitting on floor next to striped shopping bag.
the white bag that is on the floor next to the red one.
A chair with a white & black color cover.
a white chair wrapped in a black sash.
The womans leopard print bag.
The purse on the floor.
A wooden chair with a woman's bare feet propped on the seat.
A chair with feet on it.
A woman wearing boots and holding an umbrella.
A woman wearing boots holding an umbrella and walking with a small girl holding an umbrella.
a small dog wearing a red collar, facing away from a cat.
A puppy with floppy ears and a red collar.
A man in a blue striped shirt.
A man in blue standing next to an elephant.
A car with a dog inside.
A white car with a dog sitting on the front seat.
The out of focus player in white.
A baseball fielder in white.
Skier with orange hat and jacket carrying his skis over his shoulder.
A skier wearing an orange jacket and orange hat.
bare headed man in dark shirt and jeans standing next to cycle.
Guy in black t-shirt standing between two motorcycles.
a tomato plant with green tomatoes on it.
The shrubbery growing in the rear planting box.
The back of a couch.
lap top behind the black lap top is open.
Three laptops, one black, two grey.
A zebra leaning down it's head to eat straw.
the closest zebra.
man swimming in the wave.
guy swimming.
A piece of broccoli directly below sliced carrots.
A piece of broccoli on a plate with other vegetables.
The seat the man eating the sandwich is sitting on.
a green bench with a older man sitting on it eaating a sandwich.
A man with glasses plays a video game.
A man in spectacles and a black jacket playing a video game with others.
A multicolored umbrella being held by a smiling woman.
Rainbow umbrella open.
A blue vase in right.
Blue vase that the girl is putting a flower in.
A salad on a plate next to a sandwich.
The salat on the closest food plate.
train cars on middle track.
Two black train cars connected to a cylindrical white train car with graffiti on its side.
The cat, not the reflection of the cat.
Cat thats not in mirror.
a white and grey couch.
a white and gray sofa.
a black/brown cat looking at me.
black cat sitting up on the left.
a pair of black and white skiis.
Ski slides.
upside down boat.
boat upside down.
A small child wearing winter gear, skis, and an orange helmet.
little boy in orange helmet.
A woman and a man sitting next to each other.
A woman holding a banana.
the piece of paper next to the plate of food.
A newspaper on a table near a woman.
A bus seat that a woman is setting her toes on, not which she is sitting on.
The metal back of a bus seat row in front of a woman in a pink shirt.
black tie.
the tie of the man whose hands are on belt.
A woman wringing her hands.
A woman wearing a plaid shirt and jeans.
a man was sitting in sofa chair.
A man sitting with one leg crossed on a couch wearing white socks.
A woman wearing black has her arms at her sides at a table.
A person in a black shirt is sitting down.
The white boat in the harbor that has black life preservers on the side of it.
A blue old boat ducked at the harbor.
A lone slice of pizza still on the pan but away from the rest of pie.
A slice of pizza still on the platter but separated from the rest of the pizza.
The left couch chair in front of the wooden Hutch.
The white chair on the left closest to the camera.
Lady giving the man the laptop.
Woman in orange setting down the mans laptop.
a person scatting.
A young girl on a skateboard going down a ramp.
man on right side holding surfboard and smiling.
Blue and white Relic surfboard that the man on the right side of the picture is holding.
The elephant who has it's trunk curving upwards.
The elephant in the foreground with its trunk slightly raised.
A fries kept on the cup in the table.
the fries.
A black keyboard sits on white desk in a cubicle next to a monitor and lap top.
A black keyboard sitting next to a laptop.
White bird standing horizontally to the bottom left of another identical bird.
A bird facing to the left.
A gold motorcycle with a backback.
two motorcycles are beside each other.
a lady wearing glasses and a black shirt.
A woman in glasses stands by the children in the kitchen.
The laptop computer screen  on the right hand side of the picture.
The monitor that is attached to a laptop.
a girl with a black top and pink dress is playing tennis on a parking lot.
A young girl in a pink skirt holding a tennis racket.
the bored looking kid on the bottom left of the picture.
A boy watching others play video games.
brown teddy bear with pink ribbon.
The bear sitting on the far left of all the other ones.
A boy with a white shirt and khaki pants holding a white tile with a purple paw print on the tile.
A little boy holding a frisbee with a paw print on it.
man in middle sitting in snow.
The person is wearing a purple hat.
The girl in the green sweater playing Wii.
The girl in the green sweater.
Empty black chair to the left of the table in the front.
The left most chair.
A train sitting on train tracks.
A cow behind two other cows.
Yellow and green motorcycle all alone from the others.
A yellow motorcycle without a person next to it.
a man in a yellow shirt.
A man in blue jeans and yellow shirt standing in front of an old truck.
The whole brown suitcase underneath the suitcase with stickers on the side.
the second from the bottom luggage.
man in white shirt and white shorts and white hat standing with hands on hips.
person in the back wearing all white clothes and white hat.
Woman on surf board riding a wave.
A woman wearing a red bikini top riding the surf board.
A single piece of pizza left from one half of the eaten pie.
The pizza slice on the white dish sitting alone with no other pieces of pizza around it.
A zebra standing in front of a concrete wall with another zebra nuzzling it.
a zebra behind another zebra.
A white round vase with a long neck.
A flower vase that is round at the bottom and a narrow cylinder at the top.
Two women playing a game with remote controls.
The woman on the right playing wii.
A man with eyeglasses smiling.
A man with glasses.
A clear drink bottle sitting on the table next to the plate.
An empty bottle in the table near the food plate.
Small child attempting to snowboard.
A little kid on a board in the snow.
The girl on the fence.
Girl.
A man in a red and blue baseball jersey waiting to hit the baseball.
The batter wearing a red helmet.
A blue pickup truck.
A blue pickup truck.
A woman in black with a white apron.
A woman wearing a black shirt with apron.
A zebra that is on  the left end whose head is under other zebra.
a giraffe to the left of a baby giraffe.
A pizza topped with tomatoes and beef.
large slice of pizza on the bottom portion.
bench with green stand.
A red and green bench next to colorful flags.
laundry basket.
Brown basket in the floor behind a laptop.
the cat next to the bottle.
a pair of Siamese cats sitting by a window sill.
Snowboard of fallen person.
A girl between two others.
A child standing in the the middle of two other children, wearing a pink and yellow headband.
A baseball player wearing black, white, and yellow that is up to bat.
A baseball player about to hit a ball.
The batter who just hit the ball.
A baseball player striking his bat.
A zebra in the background looking off camera.
A zebra looking away.
A man's graphic t-shirt and arm.
A black graphic t shirt.
a boy wearing a tank top leaning back to catch a frisbee.
A man wearing a white sleeveless shirt.
The first laptop which is farthest away.
Broccoli on a Lunch tray with a Sandwich.
3 broccoli florets.
A Digital TV box lying on a table next to a man standing in front of a television with a remote control.
A wooden chair with an electronic device sitting atop of it.
OLD MAN PLAY.
Older man in a white shirt and black pants about to throw a frisbee.
Back tire and seat of black bike partially out of frame.
the black object in the background.
Object behind bicycle.
A man in a green shirt holding a Starbucks cup with a straw.
man on right with straw in cup.
A white chair.
white chair with wooden arms.
the childs red skis.
the red ski's.
A coin meter on the right.
The parking meter on the far side of the Kia.
A double-decker bus.
A white and purple double decker in the background.
A woman wearing glasses and a red shirt sitting at a table.
Older lady in red and glasses sitting a table listening and talking with friends.
a woman in army uniform holding big red scissors and smiling.
A female soldier cutting a man's tie with giant scissors.
BROWN AND GOLD COLOR BREAD WITH IN WHITE PLATEE.
sausage on plate next to hot dog.
A gray horse leaning down to graze grass.
The horse in front.
brown sofa that two women are sitting on.
pillows of the sofa that woman are sitting on.
muffin on the far right bottom.
4th cupcake on the bottom row.
an aeroplane is standing behind another one.
the side of the train on the track.
side of a train.
The second bus in the bus lane.
the front profile of half a bus.
truck.
A truck with a white back area that is behind the woman in the black shirt near the cameraman.
The bed furthest from the person.
The bed farthest from the lady.
The skis on the feet of the woman with the brown cap.
skis of woman wearing blue, white, and red.
A white and yellow moped.
A yellow moped next to a motorcycle.
Boy in grey pants holding a bat.
A boy holding a baseball bat.
bread on the left.
The part of a sandwich on the left side of a plate.
A man in a light blue shirt and jeans holding a Wii Remote, standing next to another man also with a remote.
man in the blue shirt.
the piece of food on the left in the right hand picture.
Food on the left and above the fork.
A man on an orange motorcycle.
A man on a red motorcycle.
a man taking a picture with his phone.
man looking at his cell phone.
The glass on the left.
The tallest glass of water.
A light brown color car which is parking in the middle.
minivan.
A car is between two cars.
a woman wearing a hat holding an umbrella.
A woman in a grey hat holding an umbrella over a man taking a photograph.
the white van.
A white minivan can be seen behind the bikes.
A row of teddy bears.
a white teddy bear.
tiny baby sheep nursing from its mother.
The lamb that is nursing.
A young, pale bull standing between two others.
Lighter colored animal with smaller horns.
Animal being given a snack by human.
Cow with his tongue out being fed food by a human.
an old man wearing blue jeans and t-shirt looking young man.
The man with blue shirt and blue jeans.
chair closest to the camera with its back to it.
A chair with wooden arms covered in a brown blanket.
Woman touching the ground with a frisbee.
A GIRL TOUCHING A GRASS AND EXERCISE WITH HER COLLEAGUE LIKE UP HER LEG.
Two men playing with a wii remote.
boy closest to camera.
The motorcycle of first motorcycle rider in the line.
A row of police officers on motercycles.
An elderly woman dressed in blue with her hand on a park bench.
A GRAND LADY WEARING THE BLUE COLOR DRESS AND STANDING POSITION.
The butt and tail of an elephant to the right of a front facing elephant.
Back end of a brown elephant.
The ram in the middle with long curled horns.
Mountain goat with long hornsl.
lil girls hair.
sheep.
SHEEP WITH LAMB.
a book on table.
A person on skis wearing a yellow jacket and black pants.
A child in a yellow parka to the right of a child in a blue and white parka.
A rectangular computer monitor.
Thin LCD computer monitor with black casing.
A ARMY SHIP IS IN THE SEA WHICH IS BACK TO THE STANDING TWO PERSON'S.
the war ship in the right hand picture.
A man leaping in the air to catch a frisbee.
one man is flying on the ground to play game.
Pizza being cut.
A freshly baked pizza rests on the counter being cut.
A blonde lady in the background wearing black and a nametag.
lady sitting alone in the back side of the image with black top.
A grey couch that is closest to the windows.
A tan couch with its back immediately to a window, facing another full-length sofa.
Tourist with a camera sitting on a stool.
Seated gentleman.
The man in the blue spandex that is standing on the box marked with a 1 on it.
A man opening a bottle of champagne that is celebrating a race win.
A Fedex van behind another Fedex van.
A white surf board held by a man on a bike.
White surfboard.
White bed seen in the mirror.
bed in the mirror.
In the bottom fruit basket, the green shiny item beside the end of the bananas.
A girl at her birthday party.
a girl in a pink tanktop.
A loveseat with a light blue throw pillow and a red and black checkered throw pillow.
A man with a ponytail and beard standing at the counter.
A chef is laughing and leaning over a countertop.
Motorcycle in back on the left.
Front view of the Motor bike with other bikes ready to ride.
Pigeon that has the most light gray than the other pigeons.
A bird that is standing to the left of the others.
The wine glass in front of the camera.
glass of red wine.
The bicycle on the left.
The bike of a cop to the left of another cop.
The pitcher in the black and white baseball uniform.
A baseball player wearing a black shirt and black cap.
A chair with the name board written as drink.
a chair with a shirt in its seat.
A black truck with the back door opened.
A black truck with it's tailgate open and a surfboard behind it.
A blue and white train sitting in a rail yard with more trains.
a blue and white train to the left of a red train.
zebra looking up in front of another zebra.
Large zebra standing on the right side of other zebras.
The airplane in the middle of the three aircrafts.
a plane between two other planes.
purse on front mans back.
a beige satchel.
A man wearing smudged clown make-up and a dark gray suit.
The man is dressed as a clown for halloween with his face painted and with his lady companion who is also face painted as a clown.
The table on which the crockerys and cuttleries are present.
A dinning table with cake and drinks.
A man sitting on a motorcycle.
A man riding a motorcycle with blue flip-flops.
a roof without stick.
The umbrella hut on the far right.
A black women wearing a yellow shirt and white pants.
A woman wearing white pants.
Horse being ridden by a middle aged woman.
the brown horse with the lady in a green shirt on it.
the luggage.
cat on luggage.
A long haired cat on a piece of luggage.
a burnt pastry next to a red bowl of soup.
a bicycle sitting next a vegetable stand in a market.
A bike wheel that is propped up against a vegetable stand.
A blackberry cellphone sitting on a table alongside another brand of cellphone.
A grey blackberry phone sitting on a talble.
large airfrance plane in front while other in background.
A full picture of an airplane.
A lady with fully covered and with tennis racket.
a muslim woman playing tennis.
A white, blue and yellow bus on the street.
All of the bus with yellow and blue swirls on it.
A blue tennis racket being help by a girl in a white shirt and purple shorts.
Two zebras are standing in the dirt eating off the ground.
one of the zebra standing other side of fence (left).
the junkyard dog bus.
A YELLOW SCHOOL BUS NAMED JUNKYARD DOG 2.
man wearing grey shirt holding cake.
a man in a light lavender shirt.
A green airplane hanging from the ceiling to the left of a yellow plane.
Dark plane that looks like it's about to crash into the big yellow plane on the ceiling.
The fern plant on the left.
A fern sitting on a clear table in front of a green wall.
Zebra to the left eating grass.
A white and black zebra grazing on the ground.
A silver Honda vehicle is shown being driven by a male driver.
a silver Honda passes a red bus.
woman walking a bike in a summer dress.
The woman with the bicycle.
A woman eating a banana with another woman looking over her shoulder.
A woman eatting a banana in front of the other woman.
Chair with blue striped upholstery.
A chair with a pillow next to a door.
A countertop stove with four burners.
Gas stove build into a wood-covered island.
There is chair on which a man is resting.
A green chair seats a homeless man in a white hat.
A half cut burger in a plate.
a man with a hat on.
A man in a black jacket standing in front of a urinal.
half a visible couch with a blue liner under cushions on the far right.
A maroon chair at the side of a table on a rug with a green plant behind it.
A chair that is near the white stool.
A zebra obscured by another zebra.
tennis player.
A woman in dark clothing playing tennis.
the blurry shadow of the bus in front of the actual bus in the right hand picture.
A tennis racket.
A woman wearing white shorts with bangs.
the woman on the left.
A zebra facing sideways with it's head on another zebra's back.
Zebra standing in the middle with its nose over the top of the shoulder of the zebra on the left and hindquarters facing camera.
A girl wearing a pink shirt standing.
a woman standing up.
A bicycle parked on the road.
A front wheel of a bicycle in the background behind a table with a mug of pink lemonade and a plate of vegetables.
A baby goat rubbing his head on the neck of another goat.
A shaggy deer with very small horns standing on grass in a pen.
RACER YELLOW COLOR BIKE WITH STANDING POSITION.
a fancy yellow-orange chopper.
A hand holding a pair of scissors, and belonging to a man.
A helping hand.
A hot dog with saurkraut sitting closest to a bottle of ketchup.
Green springs of fresh broccoli on a white plate.
Two pieces of broccoli in front of some rice.
the monitor that is on the right wall.
woman.
woman.
A green vase with purple flowers to the left of another green vase with purple flowers.
A green plastic vase on the left holding a bunch of purple and white flowers.
A dog on the bed.
A live, brown and white dog.
The woman wearing the black headband and pink scarf.
a woman with a purple scarf.
A man sitting on the edge of the bed in a suit in a store room that sells mattresses.
man sitting down in dark suit and brown sweater.
A man with glasses and a toothbrush in his mouth.
A man with short hair and glasses holding something in his mouth.
tie with SMCS on it.
tie that says sm cs.
The airplane is very large.
the jet in the middle that has 4 engines.
A burgundy Rolls-Royce sits at a traffic signal.
A red color car on the road.
A bread basket.
The bread is in a bowl and wrapped in a towel.
The lady that has her leg on the chair.
a girl with brown hair on the computer with her leg propped up on a chair.
A zebra's face.
A zebra looking directly into the camera.
The couch the man is sitting on.
A brown couch holding a man drinking from a can.
The black tie being worn by a man.
man wear black tie.
The white park bench next to the dog.
Monitor on the left with blue colored desktop wallpaper.
A blue color screen which is on the left table.
old white woman with glasses laughing.
The woman.
The face of a clock on a brick tower with roman numerals showing 4:20.
A giant clock.
the cat.
A siamese cat sitting on a bathroom counter.
a black elephant with a curled trunk.
the elephant on the right.
The sandwich half on the left.
Half of a sliced sandwich that is closest to the white mug handle.
A small plate holding an egg, a butter knife, and a pair of chopsticks.
the small plate with the egg and chopsticks on it.
The large giraffe.
A giraffe who is being nuzzled by the head of another giraffe.
A larger zebra facing the right.
zebra facing sideways behind another zebra.
A girl playing baseball about to hit the ball.
The girls helmet has a kangaroo on the front of it.
the parking meter to the right.
The parking meter that sits closer to the beige car.
A sink in a barber shop in front of the chair in the picture.
Man in black hat riding a motorcycle.
man in tan shirt riding a street bike with a boy sitting on the back.
a brown bear with a yellow hat and bow.
a dark brown bear.
a red bus that reads stop chemtrails poison.
A red bus.
A white Yamaha motorbike, third from the bottom in a row of identical motorbikes.
4th Yamaha Motorcycle from the top.
A girl with dark blue party dress.
A woman with  umbrella standing.
the tennis bat of the left picture.
The boy on the skateboard.
A young boy on a skateboard on a ramp.
The plane in front of the other plane and is at gate F9.
A man in a striped shirt playing Wii.
A man wearing a striped sweater playing Wii.
A black man putting a hose up to a fire hydrant.
Fireman hooking up to hydrant.
The lone zebra looking ahead.
A zebra with a lot of fur on its head on the left of two other zebras.
the right traffic meter.
The right side of a parking meter.
A red chair in a field or yard, next to a dog.
A bright pink chair with a white stain on the back.
The bus entirely visible.
A green and white bus with the number 16.
girl in red shirt.
a girl with a red shirt on.
A white bus.
The white bus.
A woman sitting on a bench wearing a ball cap and white tennis shoes.
a women with a blue shirt.
An Apple laptop to the left of another Apple laptop.
An Apple laptop nearest the remote controls.
A black man wearing a business coat and wearing a hat points upward.
A man reaching up into the air.
grey and white horse in black harness.
A white and grey horse that is pulling the cart.
The red motorcycle with the number 28 on it.
An orange motorcycle with the number 28 on the back.
A large collection of meats with red sauce and an orange drink.
A plate of sushi.
The man standing behind the herd of cows.
A man wearing a turban is walking behind a herd of cows in the street.
A slice of pizza with pepperoni and olives that is on the bottom of the picture.
The arm with the rolled up dark sweater sleeve.
the arm of the man wearing the blackshirt.
A banana on top of the others.
A full piece of a dessert, leaking out onto the placemat.
Nearest to the camera slice of pastry.
a wine bottle with the label showing.
beer bottle farthest from woman.
A blonde little girl in a purple softball uniform and visor.
Girl with blonde hair.
The green bottle with the oval dark green top.
A green bottle of unknown contents, with a gold-haired hamster in the background.
the man in front of the cake.
Older gentleman blowing out candles on a cake.
Dessert with blue candle bent over and pink candle touching the plate.
A blue and white candle that is lit and a red and white candle that is not lit.
An umpire squatting on a baseball field behind a catcher.
An umpire standing behind a catcher during a baseball game.
A microwave with a knob and stickers on the left front corner.
A microwave laying on its side on the ground alongside various other appliances.
orange ad green sweet.
Celery sticks surrounded by carrot sticks in a bowl.
right most vulture.
the rightmost and lowest vulture.
A purple sofa facing a wall which has Halloween decorations on it.
A baby has a yellow object in her hand.
The child holding the tooth brush.
white bike facing right.
the white bike.
boat in background out of focus.
Blurry boat under flying bird.
A stop sign.
Stop sign.
A black bike next to a cart of bananas and a man sitting down.
A black bicycle resting on the cement wall behind the banana.
A black cat drinking out of a toilet.
A black cat on a tiolet seat.
grazing cow.
a cow eating some grass.
the greenish yellow car on the left.
A yellow car parallel to the bus.
a catcher squats behind a batter.
the catcher kneeling by the batter.
A white horse standing on a grassy land.
A white horse.
A man with dark hair and wearing a striped tie.
man playing wii wearing striped polo shirt.
A man holding a game controller.
A train in the right corner with two trains.
A man drives motorcycle with a single headlight.
the biker behind the first biker.
a little girl to the right of three other people.
A little girl standing in a white dress.
The top half of a whole wheat hamburger bun.
The woman in the blue jacket.
The woman wearing a dark blue anokak, a light blue scarf, and black pants. She is pushing a cart.
table under meal.
the table.
A chef with his sleeves rolled up.
the chair on the left by the camera.
A woman holding a flip phone.
A young woman smiling and holding up a cell phone; she is wearing a checkered scarf.
A young woman with a checkered, button-up shirt, make a "peace" sign with her fingers.
A woman holding a peace sign.
A man standing back to the orange tshirt who is wearing a white sole shoes.
a jug of apple cider showing the label.
A gallon of apple cider.
Top orange in the basket.
Guy in all dark colors getting ready to drop in.
A skateboarder in a brown shirt and blue jeans.
A dark haired man with sunglasses on top of his head giving a toothy smile.
A man in a grey shirt and sunglasses on his head holding a glass of wine in front of a pizza with bacon on it.
chair facing monitor.
a computer chair.
a bear in the back.
A big bear standing up behind a small bear.
A white oven next to a stainless oven.
A white stove that's between another white stove and a black stove.
A pot in bathroom kept in corner above shelf.
There is a potted plant in the corner of the bathroom.
A grounded airplane with boarding passengers.
A white airplane with red and blue stripes.
A blurry image of a man wearing a black shirt and black and red pants, possibly with a unicycle.
A boy walking on the sidewalk with a dark shirt and pants with a red stripe.
The man that is kneeling down.
A man kneeling in front of an oven.
a guy in blue shorts.
a man in a black tshirt and blue shorts.
chocolate cake on left side of sign.
The chocolate Souffle Cake has white and dark pieces on top of it.
Silver and electric blue bicycle.
the bike on the left side.
Large yellow surfboard sitting on top of man's head.
yellow surfboard on top of the man's head.
the cow with 8691 no tag.
A cow with a bell around its neck.
The potted plant to the rightmost.
the plant farthest to the right.
A pair of blue scissors lays on top of red scissors.
A blue pair of scissors have short, pointed blades.
cow on the left eating grass.
A cow behind another cow.
Big blue dump truck.
A blue truck behind a similar red truck.
Short painted elephant.
Elephant in front of procession with a green heart between his eyes.
A silver and gray tennis racket, with a black handle and white and red net.
A grey tennis racket hanging on a pole.
Back of a female wearing black shorts.
A lady wearing heels waiting for a train.
feet with white striped socks on.
the white socks.
the blue bus.
blue bus in backgorund.
A bowl filled with oranges that have been juiced.
bowl of peelings.
third sandwich from the left.
the second from the right portion of a sandwich.
The upright tail of a plane idle on the tarmac.
sliced cake.
the slices of cake that are standing up together.
A zebra facing away.
The hind end of the zebra on the right.
An old mandecorating a cake.
Older man holding a spatula While sitting at a table getting ready to have cake.
A dark skinned kid.
A man in a black shirt preparing food.
A white games console remote for Nintendo Wii.
wii remote.
orange cat.
A person wearing a green shirt, tan shorts, and brown shoes next to an airplane.
A baby elephant drinking water from a hose.
A baby elephant.
A woman in a black skirt standing with a man under a clock.
a woman in all black.
A donut with blue frosting and pink sprinkles.
A donut with blue frosting.
A pink bag that someone is holding.
A pink bag being held by a woman talking on a cell phone.
Double decker bus next to the closest bus.
the 2nd bus from the camera.
the chair the girl with the glasses is sitting in in the right hand picture.
The chair that the young lady is sitting in with wooden arms hanging on to a Wii remote.
The pink Wii controllers.
hands holding pink remote.
The man in the black coar.
man in black suit.
A long boat on the water.
The  ferry floating in the water riding near a smaller one.
A black cow standing behind two brown and white cows.
There is a black cow standing in back.
cat on right side.
black and grey tabby cat.
The red motorcycle with a blonde rider on it.
GREEN BROCCOLI FRIED IN THE WHITE TABLE IN FIRST POSITION WITH ANOTHER ONE.
Two pieces of broccoli facing opposite directions next to each other.
A cautious baby wearing a blue shirt with white spots.
Blonde hair baby in blue sweater with white polka dots.
A man wearing a black shit pets the giraffe.
heavy set man wearing black shirt and green hat petting giraffe.
A cake which has an icing in brown and white color.
WhitLarge cake on the table.
the back end of a red and yellow bus that says scania on it.
A yellow and red metro bus on a busy street with break lights on.
A laptop computer sitting in front of a young boy.
A powered on laptop used by a boy with glasses.
An older woman enjoying a glass of wine.
A woman in a gray-patterned shirt holding up a wine glass.
A person in an orange hoodie with an umbrella on a moped.
girl in red coat on motorcycle.
boy weearing orange shirt.
A boy in orange running.
An asian women cutting a chocolate cake.
a sitting woman cuts into a dessert.
The bull in front is wearing an earing that is red and white.
a black cow was sitting.
A white color pillow side of the women.
white pillow.
A Bed and a pillow.
A pink plaid tote bag with a solid pink bottom.
a pink bag.
A zebra to the right of other zebras.
A full grown zebra on the right looking back at the camera at the end of the road.
Green canvas bag.
bright green bag next to little asian boy.
The policeman on the motorbike.
A police officer on a motorcycle wearing a white helmet.
The wii mote that is turned sideways.
ac remote in hand.
Legs with jeans and christmas socks.
The two legs to the right of the laptop.
A elephant facing the camera with its young child leaning up against it.
The elephant with the baby elephant.
back of a man in a red shirt and blue shorts.
The man in the red cap and shirt with jean shorts  on the right side of the photo.
the bed on the left.
A bed closest to a window.
A black missile with a URL on it.
A smiling man in a black suit.
A well dressed gentleman wearing a sport jacket and tie at a get together.
The only person standing in the picture.
A person looking towards the street/bus, wearing thick, heavy jacket.
A black backpack carried by someone passing in front of a couple of skateboarders, outside a school.
Either a backpack or part of someone's clothing on that was cut off from the picture.
A man wearing a white t-shirt puts one hand on the wall and the other on his hip.
A man standing behind a sofa.
A red bicycle behind a black bicycle.
The red bicycle.
cushion at the back.
a baby getting her teeth brushed.
Baby in lion costume having its teeth brushed.
A woman holding a cell phone.
The girl in black shirt holding the cell phone.
Person with white snow pants on sitting in the snow.
A person on a snowboard.
A cake sitting on a table next to some people.
A sheet cake.
A police motorcycle with serial number 536 ADF on the front wheel.
a police bike 536 ADF.
Zebra facing to the right with its neck positioned under the zebra in the middle.
zebra that is facing right.
a brown horse leading the horde.
the horse in the front side of the image.
An athletic domesticated beautiful horse.
A brown horse being ridden by a woman.
An elderly lady.
Woman wearing purple pants holding a stuffed animal.
A man with dark hair and glasses in a white shirt and black pants sitting watching tv.
man sitting in sofa.
black motorcycle at the end of the row.
Black Honda motorcycle with a cinder block and wood under it.
A slice of pizza with mushrooms on a small white plate.
A slice of pizza with white cheese and spinach.
bus number 16.
A brown bus.
A gentleman wearing a hat and glasses with sneakers.
A young man in khakis and a green shirt, wearing a white ball cap and sunglasses.
an umbrella carried by a girl in pink boots.
purple umbrella.
A player in a dark blue shirt is tagging a base.
Baseman in dark blue jersey attemtping to tag runner.
the bench part of a picnic table to the back of another bench.
A reflection of a clock.
The clock's reflection.
A black and white striped cup that has a plant in it.
Black and white striped vase.
the zebra behind the other looking at the camera.
A zebra, obscured by another zebra, looking at the camera.
BASEBALL PLAYER UP CLSOE.
baseball player.
The side view of an elephant's face and tusks in a scene with other elephants with riders.
the trunk of an elephant whose body is not shown.
an empty booth on the lefthand side of the train.
An empty striped leather seat with a table on a train.
the leg with black shoe under the spoon.
leg of the man in the left most side of the image.
the cushion under the pizza in the right hand picture.
the couch the people are on.
Child with water shoes standing on top of scooby doo boogy board.
A child in a red shirt.
white bowl with two utensils sitting in bowl.
A PLATE FULL OF FOOD AND TWO SPOON.
A tug boat with a red, white, and blue flag.
A boat with passengers.
The girl in the green shirt.
A child wearing a green shirt.
man with the red hat on.
A man leaning to the side, preparing to catch a flying frisbee.
A MAN IN A BLACK SHIRT HOLDING AN UMBRELLA.
a man holding an umbrella over a woman.
A boy wearing glasses and a blue shirt.
A KID WITH GLASSES POSING.
The zebra with its' head up.
The zebra looking at the camera.
A man in orange jersey and blue helmet.
catcher of baseball game.
A man wearing blue Tshirt standing infront of a school bus.
The man to the left of the mirror.
A boy with brown hair and black marks on each cheek and a glove on his left hand.
A young boy in baseball attire with eye black on.
A woman with blue t-shirt.
The woman in flip flops and sunglasses on her hair.
THE CHAIR THE BOY IS LAYING ON IS RED.
Over-sized armchair with a woman resting on top of it.
a woman in a black shirt holding pizza.
A GIRL EATTING  THE FOOD AND BLACK COLOR DRESS.
table top and all the stuff on it in front of the girl.
Putting spices on a slice of pizza.
a man with a white and gray shirt.
a man was standing.
woman in white playing tennis in the left half of the scene.
player on left.
Straw-based umbrellas sit near a waterway.
umbrella in front.
The fork to the right of all the spoons.
A fork to the right of all the other utensils.
A half full bottle of spaghetti sauce next to the whipping cream.
A almost empty bottle of ragu sauce.
The cat that is the lowest on the couch.
the cat on the left.
a man wearing black trousers.
Man sleeping topless and wearing shorts.
A woman in a white floral shirt looking at another woman.
A woman in a flower print shirt watching a girl feed a giraffe.
a silver car in the road next to a bus.
A gray car.
A man in a room swinging a controller in hand.
A man is wearing a brown shirt about to swing an object.
A bowl of soup on a plate with a spoon.
the woman in blue's purse in the right hand picture.
A brown and black woven purse, being held by an older woman in a blue shirt.
The white sink.
White bathroom sink with silver handles.
WHITE TOWEL HOLDING THE WINE GLASSES AND WINE BOTTLES.
a table of half empty wine glasses.
the lady talking to the store clerk not touching her face.
Second lady from the left side.
The person in the long sleeved green shirt.
lady in green sweater.
The man in all black standing on the ramp whose face is hidden.
The giraffee with its head up.
the center giraffe standing tall.
The man in the army uniform and hair net.
Armed services dressed male in a hairnet.
the cow in the front.
The huge cow in the middle of the picture.
The black umbrella.
the black umbrella in the back in the right hand picture.
The cow in the foreground who is drinking out of the trough.
A light brown colored cow drinking at a trough.
A sectional couch with a man playing Wii in front of it.
The couch area behind the man in the blue plaid shirt.
Small green vase on the left with a flower in it.
Green and white hydrant.
Green fire hydrant with white spout, with water pouring.
a donut sitting on top of another donut.
A fried donut on top of another.
A laptop is sitting on a man's lap.
LAPTOP SCREEN WHICH IS USED BY A MAN.
A young child brushing her teeth with a yellow toothbrush next to a slightly older child.
a little girl is watching her brother brush his teeth.
A partially shown person in a black shirt.
The partial body of a man in black T-shirt and blue jeans.
The reflection of a duck in glass.
A duck's reflection.
the girl with the long hair and bandana.
A girl wearing a pirate's costume.
The man in the white shorts.
A man in a green shirt on a tennis court.
a bowl of soup.
a bowl on the right of a plate of food with a yellow soup in it.
A boy with glasses blowing out candles.
A person blowing out a candle.
A woman who is wearing wedding dress.
smiling newly wed couple cutting a cake.
giraffe on right side.
A GIRAFFE STANDING WITH HIS PAIR IN THE SECOND POSITION.
Back of a wooden chair which is a part of a dinning table which is decorated with money plant vase and rose flowers and pots with pieces of clored stones and empty plates and bowls and a wine glass on a blue floral dinning table cloth.
the chair closest to the flowers.
a girl in a green shirt and pants sits next to another person.
A person wearing a green t-shirt with arms exposed, hands on knees.
a old man was sitting on the chir.
The gentleman who is sitting down, that is wearing a denim long sleeved shirt.
The tennis player standing with his legs wide apart.
The player close the net waiting for his partner to serve the ball.
A man in a blue and white striped shirt.
A man in a blue and white striped shirt playing a video game.
A man reaching up to take a bike down from a vehicle.
A man helping another man get a bicycle on a vehicle by pushing it up from the ground.
THe chair that the red head woman with polka dot dress, is sitting on.
A green backed chair with a woman sitting in it.
A boy looking at something off camera.
boy wearing white shirt standing in the middle of two men.
Sheep closest to camera.
a sheep far away.
The leftmost animal.
shoeless man with white shirt and glasses.
An old man checking his cell phone.
A woman wearing a red hat and sunglasses.
A woman wearing a red hat.
zebra in the back.
A zebra standing in the lead of three other zebras.
Man standing up watching tv with his friends and drinking a beer.
A man wearing red T-shirt.
A chair with a reading lady on it.
A woman in a black haltertop carrying a white and black surfboard.
The woman with the white surboard.
A man in a yellow safety vest on a motorcycle.
The person with a white helmet.
A man in a light red shirt sitting in a body of water.
The man in the red shirt.
The brown chair next to the TV.
Chair with a pillow on it.
A white fire truck parked near a field of grass.
A white fire truck parked in a driveway.
The beige and brown stripped couch on the far right side.
brown couch to the right with a brown pillow on it.
a chair facing left.
left hand chair.
A rusty silver handlebar of a parked bike.
Handlebars of the bike.
closest calf.
brown cow eating to the right of the cow in the distance.
child in black on the motorcycle.
A young buy wearing red and black touching the bikes seat with left hand.
A man standing at a counter.
a man in a blue tshirt standing at the sink.
brown sofa closest to the tv.
the dark chair on the right.
A bottom bunk bed with a bag next to it.
bottom bed on bunk bed.
A trash container is shown to the right of a commode in a crowded stall.
The sink on the left.
The arm that is above the two hands cutting food.
A wooden table with a laptop on it.
A table with a laptop on it.
A woman wearing a brown and white blouse.
A mature brunette is sitting at a restaurant table.
The wedding cake on the purple cloth table.
A wedding cake.
A LADY CHEF READING A BOOK WEARING WHITE COLOR DRESS.
A woman in reading something in a notebook.
A girl bending and seeing for ball.
Girl with pink and black glove.
blue coloured bi-cycle driving by a gril.
A man wearing a fedora taking a selfie.
man wearing gray vest and black hat.
the closest cow.
The bull seated on the ground facing the camera.
the man with the grey shirt and bald head in the right hand picture.
A man laughing and watching while another man cuts a piece of cake.
The front elephant on the left.
A BLACK COLOR CHAIR IN FRONT OF LAPTOP AND MONITOR.
A single slice of broccoli pizza that is almost an inch away from all of the other pieces of pizza on the pan.
A pece of pizza with cheese and vegetables is separated from the other pieces.
the green car parked in the road.
A green car.
A woman sitting alone in the background.
A woman with dark, chin-length hair sitting in the background.
A woman looking away, wearing a black shirt with white stripes.
A woman in a black and white shirt with sunglasses on her head facing away.
the man sitting back right.
The man sitting behind the man in glasses.
A man in a striped shirt and glasses.
Man at table with glasses and striped shirt.
a white cup with green flowers on it.
A cup having green colour border.
A woman with short gray hair, wearing blue jeans, a large yellow and red top, and carrying a striped purse.
a woman on the right side.
Bowl with orange liquid in it.
A cup of orange dipping sauce.
a man in a black shirt.
A brown-haired man in a black shirt and khaki pants.
A motorcycle colored in camoflage.
Reflection of a schhool bus in a mirror.
a yellow bus.
A white donut sitting on top of three other donuts.
White powdered donut on top of the pile.
the bottom of the broken white vase.
A broken white pot that has been made into an art display and is now hanging by strings.
a tree in a grey pot.
A plant sitting in a yellow pot with stickers on it.
The zebra that is not looking at the camera.
zebra to the back right.
Rightmost half of a donut in background.
A piece of pastry on the right side in the background.
A cinnamon sugar donut.
A LIGHT BROWN COLOR SWEET VADA WITH DARK BROWN ANOTHER ONE.
A wooden bowl containing another wooden bowl.
a Brown bowl on the ground.
The black backpack hanging on the wall.
Long blue backpack sitting on chair with cat's head in foreground.
A man laying back against a snow drift with his skis up.
A man on a skis in the snow.
The tennis raquet of the woman in the blue tennis outfit.
A red tennis racket.
a brown bear near a soda bottle.
A WITHOUT HAIRY BROWN COLOR TEDDY BEAR.
A blue and white double decker bus.
700 blue double decker bus.
A man in a white shirt and blue shorts.
a man with a grey shirt riding a bike.
Vegetables in a container.
the box of vegetables with carrots, broccoli, and tomatoes.
Basket of kiwi.
A bowl of some sort of fruit next to green banana looking fruits.
1 slice of pizza.
a pizza plate in the table.
A man, wearing a blue shirt and striped tie, posing with a young black haired woman wearing a white nightgown.
A man wearing glasses and a tie.
man sitting at the right side of the image.
man sitting on the steps in the right side of the image.
A brown table with four legs and a camera with a huge flash.
three-legged stool.
The skis of the man in the middle.
The skier in the middle skis.
broccoli.
Cook broccoli served with penne noodles.
The woman in a black tank-top.
A person with long hair in a black tank top.
Man on lawn outdoors getting ready to launch a frisbee.
a man in black with a blue hat throwing a frisbee.
upside down chair.
The upside down chair.
woman wearing a blue headscarf wearing a white polka dot sweater and playing on her phone.
A woman looking at her phone wearing a blue head scarf and a white polka dot jacket.
A light brown love seat with a floral white pillow.
Brown chair near cabinet.
The closest urinal on the right.
The urinal farthest away from the window.
A man standing over a counter making food.
a man cooking.
a black colour car in the road.
A red car in motion.
The horse on the left closest to the camera.
A horse with multiple brands.
a red cafe racer motorcycle.
A red and black motorcycle.
A large striped zebra standing near a smaller zebra.
An adult zebra with a wide stomach area standing in a large grassy area.
Red ski in front of woman in blue suit.
Man wearing a brown striped sweater sitting on the right laughing.
A man in a striped sweater.
The car on the left parked in front of the fence.
A truck on the left.
The lady in a black t shirt who is glazing the donut.
A woman in an apron and a black shirt dipping donuts in frosting.
A stuffed brown teddy bear.
A red square arm chair.
cussion chair.
A man is white shirt and blue pant is having white color wii is sitting in the floor.
A man wearing blue plaid pajama bottoms.
A WOMAN WITH UMBERALLA STANDING ON STREET SIDE.
A woman wearing a pink top adn pants hold an umbrella on the side of a street.
An elderly Asiam man wearing a red shirt sitting at a wooden table.
Asian man wearing red, seated on left.
zebra on far left of stall.
the zebra most left.
A man wearing black t-shirt sitting with his legs open.
Man sitting in chair holding onto back of couch.
The short brown table that is lower than the dog's head.
A table side of the dog.
sofa chair in hall.
White chair with a floral print pillow on it.
A young man in an orange jersey stands ready with his tennis racket to receive a serve.
A tennis player dressed in orange and black preparing to hit the ball.
Bear watching in outside.
A large black bear is behind a fence and showing its teeth.
A man wearing a red hat.
The man wearing the red hat and shirt.
A blue, silver, and black motorcycle.
The blue motorcycle.
A black and grey keyboard underneath two other keyboards.
The black and silver keyboard under the first two keyboards.
Smiling boy with blue sweater behind the baby.
A boy smiling and holding the small baby.
a trolly bag having brand name OBAMA.
A suitcase with an Obama sticker on the front that has a man's hand partially on top of it.
A person holding a long wooden stick pointed upward.
The man is carrying a big stick.
Plane wing on the landing strip.
A white airplane with orange cones beneath one wing.
A wooden bench.
The wooden slatted bench to the right.
A white surfboard with a red stripe upside-down in the sand.
The surfboard with the red stripe.
An umbrella with flowers on it.
umbrella with floral patterns on left.
The zebra drinking out of the water by the twig visible in the picture.
The zebra furthest to the right.
A blue car by green bush.
The car behind the man holding the frisbees shoulder.
The bear behind the tree on the left.
The little brown bear is laying under the birch trees for shade.
The cow to the left of the biker.
Black cow to the left of a man on a bike.
It is a brown wicker arm chair with floral cushions sitting underneath a hanging floral arrangement.
A single sofa in the right corner of the room.
The pizza in the back.
small pan pizza on dish next to silverware.
A small elephant standing near a big elephant.
the back end of a baby elephant.
A woman holding up a black shoulder back in her right shoulder.
The bag of the woman who is clasping arms with the graduate.
Hand on the right side of the group holding a fork.
a person's hand holding a fork awkwardly.
Cream color bag.
WHITE CUTE VANITY BAG.
A chef dressed in white holds a cell phone in front of an outdoor grill on the beach.
A man in a white apron looking at his phone with 2 other people there.
Table full of glasses.
A table with wine glasses on it.
A red haired woman in teal holds a glass of wine.
a girl wearing a mint green shirt.
An oval bowl with carrots, tomatoes, oranges and strawberries.
bowl with all fruits and veggies.
A black and white cat sticking its tongue out to taste a plant leaf.
A cat licks a leaf.
A bald man with a beard smiles during a presentation for work when his coworker nervously presents with the clicker.
A bald man wearing a blue shirt.
Photo of a person upper body wearing beige shirt and tie and a parrot on his shoulder.
The man's image with a bird on his shoulder.
A LARGE FLAG SHAPED CAKE CELEBRATING THE ARMY BIRTHDAY.
Frosting that looks like the american flag.
A slice of pizza to the bottom left.
the quarter of a pizza left lower of camera shot.
a horse being ridden by a man.
the horse jumping.
Some sweet potato fries on a plate.
mozzarella cheese sticks.
The left apple.
the apple on the viewer's left.
a luxury bed in front of a fireplace.
A bed with pillows inside of a room.
The butt and legs of a black horse.
the back of a black horse with white feet.
Horse with solid arms and white socks on back legs.
An horse in the middle leading the other two in the side.
A woman wearing a sun visor and that has just swung at a ball.
A woman wearing a white visor and white shorts.
The boat with the black top and the yellow trim.
It is a yellow boat.
A keyboard that a kid in a black shirt is using.
A computer being used by a boy in black.
A lady wearing blue Tshirt sitting face to face with other people.
A woman wearing a blue and green shirt.
a Hello Kitty microwave.
a pink hello kitty microwave.
A bench side of the person.
A black leather armchair.
a black sofa in a room with a  fire place.
A banana to the left back of the others in the bunch.
The banana on the left has a sticker on it.
The white couch with the remote on it.
The knife on the plate closest to the person at the table.
A bride in her white wedding dress.
a woman in a bridal gown.
A man with black shirt is following a child in bicycle.
A man, in all dark clothing, wearing a backpack and pushing a small child on a bicycle.
A couch with a blue pillow on it.
The blue couch to the right of the people.
The keyboard in front of the dog.
Black laptop keyboard that the dog appears to be looking at.
The laptop with black keys.
A thin laptop in silver with black keys on the keyboard.
A table with a blue table cloth.
table with condiments.
snow shooter on cross country skis in a competition.
A red and black ski suit on a woman.
A woman in a red shirt.
woman with a pink shirt holding a red lighter.
The brown chair on the far left.
The chair that has a box with a red top sitting in the seat area.
bed with borwn blanket and white rail.
bed.
Red doubledecker bus with the number 16 on the front.
a double red bus with the number 16 on the front of it.
Woman.
Mother and her two daughters.
the flamingo on the right.
The last flamingo with a straightened neck over the body of another flamingo.
A white car.
A white sedan parked in front of a van.
The motorcyle has 2 headlights.
A motorcycle with dual headlights infront of another bike with a single headlight.
red couch against the wall.
A beautiful orange couch sitting in the living room next to other orange furniture.
The bottle at left of the other.
A nearly empty glass of wine, sitting next to a nearly full glass of wine.
the wooden chairs at the table.
the green fruit.
a closeup of a green apple.
French toast, butter, eggs, and ham.
Fried eggs.
a chili dog with slices of cheese visible under the chili.
a hot dog with chili on top.
The bowl of mixed fruit sits on the table next to bran muffins and peaches.
black bowl holding red and green apples as well as oranges.
The little boy whose shirt matches the man's.
A little boy standing in the grass wearing a plaid shirt.
A remote control set between a glass and a floral coffee mug.
A tabletop with a remote and two glasses.
A yellow motorcycle parked next to a red motorcycle.
A YELLOW BIKE NAMED CIBIE  NEAR BY RED BIKE.
A woman in a white shirt.
A women is standing playing a video game.
person wearing plaid in the background.
The man to right behind the woman in white.
A brown horse on the left of the other two horses.
A person riding a horse to the left of two other horse riders.
An elderly lady wearing a red shirt.
a woman in a red shirt.
A math text book open to a page of graphs.
text book opened with highlighted words on the desk.
the small plane with a yellow propellor sticking out on the right.
A small plane with a yellow propeller.
The man in the background laughing.
The man laughing in the background.
a man wearing a dark blue tshirt holding a white game controller.
A man who is ducking while playing a Wi video game.
lighter, bigger cow being pulled.
larger lighter colored cow being led by a rope.
a living room chair.
An empty, modern, futuristic-designed chair.
The larger of two sheep.
A sheep grazing with a bunch of fur on its back.
A large giraffe standing behind the tree.
The tallest giraffe with its face hidden.
The bed closest to the back wall.
furthest bed from camera.
Black honda parked on side of street.
a car was going on the road.
helicopter prototype with green parts on it.
an exposed engine with two pairs of rotating helicopter blades.
horse with light colored saddle.
a man on a horse riding in front of a man on a horse.
A police officer wearing a yellow coat standing next to two mounted officers.
A man standing on the ground wearing a yellow jacket.
two black men do skateboard tricks in the air off of an old stone building.
The kid who jumped first closest to the skateboard.
a sliced carrot with other sliced vegetables.
the chopped carrots near the broccoli.
A tall chair.
a wooden table where teddybear placed.
A white bus driving down a busy road.
A city bus entering into a intersection.
hotel bed in the foreground.
A bed that is to the left of the center night stand.
a partially visible man behind the woman in black.
Man in brown shirt standing behind the woman.
A white dog.
A white dog.
Person wearing hoodie in front of tennis players.
Man standing in black sweatshirt with hood up.
An elephant that has a rock behind it.
An elephant not near two people.
The elephant lying on its side.
A man who is holding a baby and using a keyboard.
A man holding a baby using a laptop.
A man with the wine bottle in his hand.
A man holding a wine bottle.
A zebra in front of another couple zebras and a giraffe.
The pizza set in front of the camera, with 6 black things on top.
The pizza that is on the plate has black olives, cheese, and tomato sauce.
A man in a black jacket skateboarding.
A guy riding a skateboard in the middle of a street.
A large black leather purse.
The big black purse the woman in the purple vest is holding.
Pizza with mozzarella slices.
The pizza with the white cheese on it.
A person sitting and wearing a bandanna.
a man with long hair sitting on a beach looking at the ocean.
A brown teddy bear with black eyes and a brown nose.
A large brown teddy bear.
The skis of the skier wearing a read jacket and black snowpants.
black child sized skiis.
A small lamb brushing against a larger sheep.
medium sizr sheep next to mom.
A woman holding a tennis racket, wearing a black shirt, black shorts, and white sneakers.
A determined female tennis player in black shorts with a blue and yellow racket in motion.
A glass of lemonade with a black straw in it.
An alcoholic drink in a glass with a black straw. The drink is yellow and clear.
grey jacket hanging on something.
The grey sweater on the top left.
Woman laying on floor under woman holding scissors about to stab her.
a woman with brownish red hair wearing a black lacy dress with stripped tights laying on her back upon the floor.
Some type of food in black bowl, to the right of the pitcher of dark colored liquid.
food in a black dish.
black chair that the little girl is sitting in.
The chair the girl eating pasta is on.
Girl sitting on a bench.
The woman reading on a bench.
The boy holding the white steering wheel for the wii.
Asian boy playing wii.
The colorful bedspread on a bed farthest from the window.
The hotel room bed, closest to the room door.
A woman in a purple shirt.
A woman in a purple shirt holding a phone standing next to another woman.
A person wearing a blue shirt.
arm of person wearing blue shirt.
white sectional sofa.
A white section couch upon which no one is sitting.
The smallest giraffe.
The giraffe with its mouth currently inside the feeder box.
the first pizza from the front.
Pizza at the bottom left with  the green and yellow toppings.
Silver bike with red lights and CJQ23 tag.
A bike with number C.JQ.23.
A man in a green shirt is utilizing a tool.
A man in a light green shirt working with some type of machinery.
A elephant.
The elephant in front of the airplane.
The bus that is behind the luggage and the person on the sidewalk. It is in motion.
the passing vehicle.
A horse in a costume to the left of another horse in a costume.
A dark brown colored horse on the left side.
The plane that is in plain view.
a grey jet in front of another jet.
small white single bed.
A twin size bed with white bedding.
The bottom of a toilet.
umbrella in front.
orange umbrella directly above person with blueish shorts.
A young woman with pinned up hair sitting down.
The girl sitting.
a man in a white shirt bending down to do something behind a woman.
a man in a white shirt.
Two people in the background on a bench.
a man wearing white pants, sitting on a bench.
A chef stirring something with a large wooden spoon.
A chef holding a long wooden handle.
Tall white coffee mug.
A white decorative coffee cup.
A little girl feeding a giraffe.
A small child feeding a giraffe.
player with number  18.
Man in red shirt reaching in front of another man.
MAN GIVING A TATTOO.
A man in black rim glasses sporting a tatoo sleeve giving a tattoo to another person.
Player number 5 on the Canes Team.
A baseball player in an uniform that has the number 5 on it.
Dark passenger car, parked behind man.
A blue color car parked near the man with windows and doors closed.
The double decker bus had bus number 453.
red color bus in the front.
the middle van.
Small parsnip on top of pile.
A thin white color radish is upwards.
The blue suitcase on roller.
A medium blue carryon bag.
clear umbrella over the head of a woman sitting on a motorized cart.
woman in blue jeans sitting holding an umbrella.
a mans arm pressing down on doe.
Person wearing black bracelet and standing next to blue bucket.
The bird in the middle.
Middle of the three birds.
As shorter boy standing next to a taller one.
shorter guy.
A stop light that is attached to a pole and has a green and yellow light lit up.
The stoplight that has the grrn light lit up.
man playing the guitar.
a man sitting in the doorway of a van playing guitar.
A vanilla souffl in a white ramekin.
A ramakin full of a yellow cakey desert.
A black dog with one white paw and a collar standing on the sidewalk.
the black dog who is the furthest away from the man.
The man sitting on top of the counter and next to the sink.
a man wearing a shirt with a mouth and tongue on it sitting on a counter.
the car which is moving and in red color.
the red colored car with an antenna.
A dining table with a white Styrofoam cup on it.
laptop black screen.
a little toddler riding a tricycle.
A small blonde boy wearing blue shirt and shorts riding a red and blue tricycle on a sidewalk.
a taxi cab.
A dark colored taxi cab driving down the street.
taddy bear.
A little boy sitting a chair hand and wearing white shirt and looking a boy.
a boy sitting on chair's arm.
A PERSON STAND BEHIND OBAMA.
A man standing behind the president.
A german shepard to the right of another dog.
A black and beige dog laying beside another dog.
the bed on which the dog is sleeping.
Blanket beneath animal on bed.
Person with red pants laying in the snow.
A skier laughing because he fell in the snow.
The man having his tie fixed by the president of the United States.
The backpack of the lady in grey facing away from the camera.
the red bag behind the person.
The stove top.
The top of the stove.
A woman in a green shirt.
A woamn using her juicer.
the rightmost boat.
A blue boat with no passengers on it.
The basket the orange peppers are in.
Basket below peppers.
Man standing up in the background.
a man talking on phone.
A zebra that is getting attacked.
A zebbra is stading in the dirt field.
A computer monitor.
The screen of the monitor.
A man is black and purple shorts is sitting in opposite direction in seascooter.
A man wearing a blue and purple life vest facing backwards on jetski.
A cup of coffee without a lid.
A cup of coffee from Starbucks with no lid on it.
A woman in a dark gray outfit helping a little girl cut a cake.
the partially visible lady wearing black and gray.
A surfboard with blue, white, and yellow stripes, being held by the man in the full wetsuit.
A yellow, dark blue, and light blue surfboard next to a man in black.
The pizza farthest away.
The pan of pizza furthest into the shadows.
black cow on left.
the legs of a black cow.
A man wearing an orange and black coat.
A man in an orange and black jacket getting off a snowboard.
purple umbrella.
a purple umbrella hanging in a flower shop.
the boat all the people are in.
A boat with bicycles and people on it.
a horse to the left of another horse.
horse on the left hand side.
swan in back of other swan.
a goose behind another goose.
A parking meter with a sign taped to it.
The parking meter.
A boiled carrot with crack marks in it.
a carrot above the califlower.
A tall plant in the kitchen, near to table.
Plant in a white pot.
The commercial oven with the giant pot on it.
A TENNIS PLAYER JUMPING.
tennis player jumping.
cow near fence.
A black and white cow with a red collar and a yellow tag.
Brown wooden chair at the table.
An empty chair facing away.
Opposing traffic signal.
A dark haired woman bending over and brushing her teeth.
A brunette woman brushing her teeth while another woman holds a toothbrush over her head.
A bowl in the dinning table filled with cooked beans.
Green beans in a white serving bowl with other serving bowls, silverware, and prepared dinner plates.
a red bus no. 2.
Vintage red and white bus.
black and white dog sees reflection.
The real dog, not the reflection.
A man who is not wearing glasses.
Male graduate not wearing glasses looking at cell phone.
An old golden lab that is tired.
The completely all brown dog.
A tan love seat next to a light brown end table.
A light brown sofa with plant on center table.
A man in the background wearing a green shirt and shorts looking at his phone.
a man in a green shirt.
A girl skiing in the snow.
A younger girl learning to skii wearing a purple jacket.
brown sectional coach against the wall.
A large L shaped couch with lots of pillows.
A sofa with a man laying on it.
the couch in the right hand picture.
A man in white shorts playing tennis.
A tennis player jumping to hit the ball.
The back half of a yellow sports car.
The backend of the golden colored car with a ski laying on it.
The horse with the black tail.
A brown horse with a black tail that is walking through water.
The woman who is walking to the right.
a woman in blue jeans.
a white umbrella.
A white umbrella with rain on it.
a man with cherry red color phant, is eating his food on a hotel.
the zebra on the far right.
the standing zebra.
The brown over-stuffed chair to the right of the taller player.
The young boy at bat.
A boy playing baseball.
A man in a baseball uniform with his right arm across his body.
A sweaty white man walking in a baseball uniform with a gray sweatband on his wrist.
sofa set in a hall.
A dark sofa with throw pillows.
Among The Four Zebra, a One at first most from right drinks water.
first zebra in a row of zebras standing in the mud drinking from pool of water.
a mostly black kitten.
almost all black cat.
Small boat in water with soldiers on it.
A dark object that is behind the blue bike.
Half of a sandwich sitting in back of a salad.
The sandwich on the dish far from the camera.
A green loveseat.
A green sofa with two cushions.
A man standing in brown dress and brown cap holding white remote watching the TV.
A man in a brown shirt.
A small sedan probably a Prius.
A WHITE COLOURED CAR IN FRONT OF A MOTOR BIKE.
Meat with an orange stuff on top of it.
Purple part of the tray.
The wooden back to a chair.
A wooden back of a chair.
A blurry baseball player in the background sitting down.
A person under gibsons arm.
The larger laptop on the right.
The lap top that is higher up.
An older woman with curly blonde hair leans back in her chair smiling.
An older woman in a black dress is pointing at a bear.
CENTRAL TABLE BETWEEN TWO SOFAS.
table with a plate and book on it.
The wooden table is where people sit to eat.
Table with plate of food, silverware, a partial glass of orange juice, some fruit, a coffee cup, and some dollar bills.
The van behind the skateboarder.
White company van behind feet.
the second chair from the left side of the image.
the backside of a giraffe that is eating.
A giraffe visible from the rear, eating from a container of food.
a serrated knife with a wooden handle.
Steak knife next to blue plate.
A picture featuring a girl and three panda bears.
A laptop cover.
table in the middle.
The leg holding up the table.
A large brown train engine pulling a shorter car with a tarp over the top.
A man is speaking on a corded telephone.
A man on a white phone, with a blue shirt and black pants, sitting on a curb with trash everywhere.
pizza in the front side of the image.
the cheese pizza in front of another pizza.
a woman cheesing.
The women on the left.
a table with pizza and beer.
A picnic patio for a bar and restaurant with tables, food and people eating on it.
A man in a pink shirt.
a man taking a phone call near a blue sedan.
man in green coat snowboarding.
The snowboarder with the green coat.
A light brown cow that is running in the front of the pack.
A cow with it's mouth open running.
The horse with the much smaller white marking on its face.
A person standing on a tennis court holding a racket.
A person in a white and black shirt reaching with a tennis racket.
Man in a park trying to fly a yellow kite.
A man holding a kite.
A "stick" part of a Wii controller being held by a man.
A person skiing in a red coat leaning to the left holding ski poles.
A man with a moustache.
A smiling man wearing a white shirt.
man feet on bed.
some gross feet.
A man in white with a black apron.
A cook in a white shirt bending over to wash his hands.
The wood of the chair the woman in black is sitting on.
back of chair on left.
the back top of a white empty chair.
a white chair.
A BROWN COLOR TOY NEAR BY TEDDY BEAR TOY IN THE BED.
the brown stuffed animal in the distance.
It is a white sheep standing to the right of a black and a grey sheep.
White sheep in front of trees.
A woman touching a stuffed panda bear.
a woman wearing sunglasses.
Guy in grey shirt giving a thumbs up.
A MAN THUMBS UP HOLDING HIS BLUE COLOR BULLET.
A guy ( Rafael Nadal) in green shaking hands with another in red ( Roger Federer).
A tennis player in green shaking hands with a tennis player in orange.
A peeled orange with two slices out laying next to it.
A tangerine with no peel on it.
The largest of the three monitors.
A pc monitor between another two.
A cat with brown, black, and white fur.
A black, orange, and white cat.
Posey about to bat.
A baseball player with a number 28 jersey.
A smaller zebra to the right of another zebra.
The 2nd zebra.
A baseball umpire crouched behind the batter and catcher.
A catcher in a black shirt behind the batter.
An elephant standing to the left of two elephants, one bigger, one smaller.
The dark horse to the right of the other dark horse.
two brown horses tails.
A baby.
The baby holding a book.
The long wooden bench rail behind the woman in the greenish-gray raincoat.
Back of a wooden bench.
the black chair with its back to the camera.
A black leather side chair with silver legs made for one.
A woman in a gray tank top has a child in her arms while sitting down.
woman with short brown heair holding the girl.
Man inspecting the wheel attached to a small wagon with a girl and horse.
Man fixing the wheel on the cart.
the car next to the cake.
silver vehical right side.
the lid of a vaio laptop that is open.
A blue Sony computer.
The woman with curly hair.
woman with very curly hair.
the bottom orange in the right hand picture.
A man serving a child some cake.
A man in white shirt feeding the cake to the kid.
a man in a suit holding a sharp knife between two other people.
An old man with black suits cutting an yellow birthday cake.
blue bus with middleton 112 on it.
The bus with Middeton 112 on the front.
a girl wearing red top.
RED COLOR T SHIRT AND BLUE COLOR LOWER WEARING LADY WALKING WITH HER COLLEAGUE.
skiting board in man hand.
carrot on left.
The leftmost carrot.
Pug with heart shaped tag dangling from his neck.
pug on the left side.
the racket with the large W.
Racket of the woman on the right.
Four green fruits shaped like ovals.
this is a green fruit on top of bananas.
green bowl with carrots.
Orange carrots in a container.
A pair of silver scissors sitting to the left of some striped fabric.
The scissors that can't completely be seen.
A young girl with pink pants sitting on her father's leg.
A little girl wearing a pink outfit.
man wearing a white helmet holding a bike up.
A man in a bicycle helmet and black jacket loading his bike onto a bus.
Cheese cake with coco graham cracker crust, fresh whipped cream with caramel drizzle.
A slice of white cheese cake on the table.
A man standing next to the tire.
A man with cote beside the bog.
A zebra largely blocking another, making it look almost like it has six legs.
The bed with the black luggage on top.
Red box spring, white fitted sheet over mattress and grey jacket with sleeve.
a pizza with a bunch of peppers on it.
A pizza with yellow and red peppers, but no mushrooms.
The closest boat.
an old sailboat with the sails down in the water close to shore.
The wooden chair on the right.
A wooden chair leg in the background of the photo.
Black and white dog.
A black and white dog with a white strip down the middle of its face.
A half of a sandwich farthest from the apple.
A slice of bread kept on the left side of the food box.
An Asian man holding a pair of scissors.
A man holding scissors in a room.
pizza on pan closest to camera.
Whole pizza on a white plate beside another whole pizza on a blue plate.
A foam-free espresso in a white cup with a spoon atop a white saucer.
a cup of coffiee in the table.
Red train.
a red train car on tracks.
A baby animal with white wool.
Mostly white colored sheep standing in the grass.
A white toilet sets with the seat down and the top up.
A toilet with it's lid up.
A person wearing  grey gym shoes in the sand.
A man in the shadows with gray shoes.
a doughnut with white icing and pinkish topping next to other doughnuts.
A chocolate doughnut with icing and marshmallows on top of it.
An equestrian rider on top of her horse.
A girl riding a brown horse.
train with red locomotive.
A red and gray train going down train tracks.
A girl holding a hot dog.
little girl holding hot dog.
A bed with red bedding next to a window.
A bed with two pillows on it near the windows.
A woman in a gold hat and sunglasses sits next to a man on a scooter.
a woman wearing a purple scarf sitting next to an old man.
The frosting part of giant cupcake the woman is trying to take a bite out of.
a giraffe that is looking towards you.
the giraffe on the right.
A girl with long hair sitting in a room.
blond girl with long hair.
a brown dog with a red collar and curly tail.
The shiba Inu dog with a red collar sniffing the ground.
woman holding string.
WOMAN WITH ARMS IN THE AIR.
A buffalo with a bird perched on its back.
Walking buffalo.
A man in a white uniform squats and gets ready to catch a ball.
Catcher.
An older man wearing a horizontally striped shirt, holding a red tennis racket.
A man wearing a striped t-shirt holding a tennis racket.
Horse with person wearing a light blue shirt.
horse butt showing on right.
red apple.
A red apple sitting on a blue plate.
lemonade on left of table.
A women in a blue dress.
The woman in the blue dress.
A man in white, obscured by a man with a bat.
An indistinct person partially glimpsed behind the batter in a baseball game.
6-8 o'clock slice on upper pizza.
the slice closest to the red flyer.
The table with the basket and blue cup on it.
table that is holding the blue coffee mug.
A sofa with white stripes.
number 11.
The coffee mug.
the coffee cup.
two giraffes in the middle with their necks half intwined.
A light colored giraffe next to a darker colored giraffe.
A chair in front of some.
an unoccupied brown chair right next to the wall.
A woman in a gray shirt and yellow shorts sitting in a chair.
A woman in yellow shorts and a black top is sitting in a chair at a cafe.
Man with blonde hair in a gray jacket standing next to railroad tracks.
a man wearing a gray jacket.
the hand of the parson ,beside that the dog id sleeping.
The man's hairy arm underneath the dog.
A black sheep eating the grass near a white sheep.
a black hornless ram eating grass.
black cat with a white face whose head is up.
Black cat touching calculator.
An asian person.
The man wearing glasses on the right wearing a uniform  holding the computer.
A woven basket with w's on it.
Rattan box on shelf above other trunks.
A hot dog covered with beans and cheese, between two other hot dogs.
a hot dog in the middle of two others.
bike on right.
A man talking on a mobile phone wearing an open suit coat, jeans and a blue shirt carrying a bag.
A man in a blue shirt and black jacket using a red mobile phone.
black coffee mug behind sandwich.
The black mug on the table.
A white girl in a black sleeveless outfit at a bar.
The women 2nd from left, wearing a black sleeveless top.
a small yak.
A baby yak with fuzzy light brown fur.
A man wearing a white and blue shirt.
a man in a blue and white shirt.
the table in the back of the room.
The last table near to the projector.
A boy in a black jacket.
boy in Fila shirt.
A little boy that is wearing red pants.
A little boy wearing a gray sweater and red pants.
brown horse beside man.
a carriage horse in harness with a white strip on its nose.
A OLD LADY SITTING BACK SIDE OF A LADY WHO WORKING.
the blurry woman in the background.
its a whiten coior flight.
A plane at the airport that's being loaded.
The man in the black shirt.
a blonde mand wearing a black shirt and blue jeans looking down.
The duo colored horse on the right m.
A small brown and white horse eating grass.
A woman carrying a light blue umbrella barely visible through a rainy window.
woman with white umbrella.
a girl with her leg hanging out of a towel.
The child in the red shirt.
A man  with a  black suit & hat on wearing a white necktie.
a man wearing a black suit and a hat.
Zebra facing forward in front of another zebra.
Zebra standing in front of another one.
black stop sign.
A red traffic light next to a don't walk light.
The woman on the motorcycle behind the man and holding a baby.
A woman on the back of a motorcycle.
a green clutch bag with a banana decal printed on it.
green purse.
A zebra in front of two other zebras.
The rightmost zebra.
Player sliding into base.
The man with the blue helmet is sliding into the base.
A truck which is loading a man for doing work purpose.
The truck with the man in black in the lift.
a police horse tied to a tree.
The man with the dog suite is playing tennis.
A person in a brown dog costume.
A police bike parked behind the carriage vehicle.
the red fruit dessert.
The pie with red fruit on top.
A multi-colored umbrella being held by a woman with an aqua coat on.
The umbrella belonging to the person in the green coat.
A pair of white books laying on an office table next to a dark cat.
White book with red writing and orange circle.
A white and blue bag on top of a black suitcase.
A small blue and white backpack.
A woman in a black shirt.
A girl wearing black T-shirt riding an elephant.
Farthest oven.
a bowl of food beside other food.
the bowl with blue stripe.
A child wearing a coat walking between an adult and a child on a skateboard while holding arms out to the sides.
Small child with outstretched arms near woman.
Part of a table between tongs and a plate.
A leopard-print umbrella shields an older woman from the rain.
The umbrella that the old woman is holding.
The back half of a red and white train.
the first red train, front not seen.
The tallest zebra.
A zebra is standing behind a tree just past the fence.
A catcher with black and white unfirom and dirt on his left knee.
The catcher standing behind the batter.
A man with no shirt playing frisbee with two younger kids.
The shirtless man.
The biggest red suitcase.
A large red suitcase with a brown tag, next to 3 smaller red bags.
blue container with strawberries and kiwis.
A container holding strawberries and grapes.
The person with a baseball cap and glasses.
a person with baseball hat.
Checkered cake with a piece cut out.
The rest of the cake except for the slice being taken.
The hot dog on the far right.
Hot dog on the far right.
The entire right half of the pizza furthest away from the guy holding his phone.
The woman with a finger touching her face.
Woman in glasses with silver bracelet.
A STEPS TRUCK IN THE FIRST POSITION.
Left-most set of airplane stairs on a truck.
elderly man wearing an American flag shirt.
A man in the background with an american flag on his t-shirt.
A rusted deep red truck.
a burgundy pickup truck parked next to a red old fashioned truck.
A man wearing a blue shirt flying a kite.
A young man flying a kite with his back turned to the camera.
The dog with its nose up against the mirror not the reflection.
A dog looking at himself in a mirror.
A round cake with pink and brown decorations on top with a pink ribbon around the sides.
A BEAUTIFULLY DECORATEDCAKE WITH FLOWERS.
WOMAN IN COVERALLS.
a person wearing overalls.
a book with a picture of pasta on the cover and the words A Twist of the Wrist.
A book by Nancy Silverton with a fork on the cover.
The blue Chevrolet SUV that has a chrome grille.
Blue van parked at a baseball field where a junior league is playing.
A women in black dress is looking at her mobile .
A woman with glasses wearing black smiling next to a man napping.
The woman looking at her camera.
Someone photographing their meal.
An orange cat.
An orange long haired cat sniffing a small cat.
Bananas on top of food.
Banana slices on the top of a dessert.
A man in red holding a wine glass around a woman in pink.
Man in red shirt.
The front of 3 boats along the shore line.
tallest boat with several stories and strung up lights at the top.
A white airplane on the grass.
The white plane.
girl with a tooth brush.
woman in denim.
A cat's paws are on top of a vehicle.
The hood of a black car with a tabby cat standing on it.
A SNOW BEAR STAND BEHIND ANOTHER SNOW BEAR.
This is the polar bear who is not facing the camera.
A woman laying on a surfboard.
An adult woman laying on a surfboard.
A boat filled with vegetables and steered by a person in a blue shirt.
THE KNIFE WITH A BLACK HANDLE, WHICH IS SOMEWHAT BIGGER IN SIZE.
The black handled knife on the end.
the some cutting the pizza which is kept on the table.
A man selecting a slice of pizza with his hands.
A young man in a Team Awesome shirt.
A man standing next to a computer with a white T-shirt on that reads I am awesome.
A person holding up a Pizza Hut labaled Napkin.
a boat on which two persons are sitting.
the speed boat in the left.
A white boat under a black kite.
Large white and red boat in the middle with a black sail over the top.
A half of a sandwich showing mustard and meat.
Ham sandwich which is half cut in front of the plate in right side.
the smaller zebra looking into the distance.
A zebra that is on the back of other zebra.
A zebra behind a smaller, younger zebra.
adult zebra.
a elephant.
a tall elephant.
The refrigerator with the open door.
an open refrigerator with various foods inside.
a purple umbrella hanging upside down.
a purple umbrella at the end of a row of umbrellas.
A girl in black dress holding her hands together.
woman in black dress.
Tomatoes and cheese in a pink sqaure shaped container.
a lunch with cheese and tomatoes.
the larger wine glass.
A wine glass behind another wine glass.
Kid on other side of the fence wearing white sweats.
fat boy wearing a black jacket.
A spoon resting on a plate with lemon slices.
spoon on plate of fried food.
The closest cow.
the front cow in the right hand picture.
A pizza pie with part of it cut into three slices.
pizza in the right top most side of the image.
an elephant reaching out its trunk in thick brush.
elephant with outstretched trunk.
Teenager in black teeshirt with skateboard.
a boy with a black tshirt and jeans carrying a skateboard.
A couch is placed with other furniture in a living room.
Front most vehicle.
White business van with red text.
A brown dog in the middle of a cat and a black dog sleeping.
A reddish-brown dog.
A giraffe standing next to a tree not reaching for leaves.
the first giraffe  from the front.
A women with dark brown hair sitting between two men on a black couch.
a lady sitting on a couch.
A woman on a snowbard.
A woman standing on a snowboard in the snow.
White electrical toothbrush being held by a man.
toothbrush in man's left hand.
Table underneath the water bottle.
A boat on shore.
wooden boat.
The dog that is furthest away from the food.
The tallest giraffe.
a tall giraffe standing up and leaning against a huge rock.
The zebra with less stripes.
A zebra that appears to be a bit dirty standing next to a cleaner looking zebra.
A person in a red stripped shirt and grey pants.
a girl pn bench with red t-shirt is keeping her left leg on other women's lap.
Reflection of girl holding brush in mirror.
The reflection of the little girl in the mirror.
A man snowboarding with his arms out.
A person riding a snowboard landing after going over a jump.
A teddy bear brown in colour with another teddy bear attached to it holding a small heart shaped cushion with some greeting inscribed over it.
Happy anniversary teddy bear figure with heart.
Girl wearing a black coat.
the woman close to the goats.
A black motorcycle behind a red motorcycle.
A BIKE NEXT TO THE CAGIVA ORANGE BIKE.
The woman in the background leaning on the counter.
A lady in the kitchen is watching something else instead of cooking.
A woman sitting by herself.
A woman wearing a white dress.
a kid eating a donut.
A boy grabbing a donut with his mouth.
a man wearing sunglasses.
man in sunglasses sitting with friends.
The apple that is to the most right side of the photo.
reflection of a cat sleeping.
The cats bottom refection.
banana in the back side of the image.
The lady in the top right corner.
the man in black at the right most side.
a man in blue and white plaid filleting a fish.
a man was cutting meat.
A white plane with the word united on it.
a white airplane in full that says united in blue.
orange slice near banana piece.
a traffic light laying on the ground.
A snowboard being held behind her head.
A snow board being carried.
a girl teaint the orange.
Woman with long long blond hair holding lemon slice at lips.
The table in the background.
The table to the right of the girl with two chairs.
A man wearing glasses holding a hot dog.
The man with glasses.
A hand holding a hot dog.
one hand.
A male wearing blue shirt and blue shorts with a ball above his head.
A blue jersey player trying to head the ball.
blond woman wearing black hat standing on bed.
a women in hat.
The man with the blue tie.
a man seeing.
The player on the left with 36 on his shorts.
A black man in a black and yellow soccer uniform, smiling.
An odd looking zebra with most of his stripes solid on the left side of the other zebra.
zebra that is mostly black.
A kid in a red and white shirt standing on a white stool in the kitchen.
A child standing on the kitchen ladder.
A white and brown horse with its head raised.
white horse with brown spots.
A glazed donut next to three other donuts, inside a plastic container.
Icing glazed chocolate doghnut in front on the left.
Giraffe with tongue sticking out.
shorter girraffe in front.
A woman in a blue shirt.
A girl wearing a blue shirt with the number 10.
Donut with pink frosting and sprinkles.
A purple donut.
the two giraffes and the ostrich.
The two giraffes that are crossing paths.
A WOMAN IN SKI GOOGLES ON THE SLOPES SKIING.
a girl in black with blue glasses.
The darker dog on the right.
A HAIRY DOG WITH HIS FRIEND.
A man's left arm to the right of a plate of pizza.
The hand of a person not wearing a bracelet.
man with black color shirt.
The umpire wearing a black hat and shirt.
A black box next to a woman.
a train with graffiti.
A train.
the reflection of a man washing his hands in a mirror.
Reflection of man washing his hands.
Boy with `W hat.
A young baseball player adjusting his hat.
the blue and white striped chair on the left.
A woman in a gray top playing Wii.
A woman in a gray top and black pants, playing a video game.
a sleeping baby is caressed by it's mother.
a little girl in pink pajamas laying on a bed with someone's hand on her.
Blonde woman playing soccer wearing a white Trojans jersey and red shorts.
Two female soccer players that are fighting over ball possession.
Two hands holding a knife cutting into a cake.
woman cutting cake.
The bed on the left photo.
A man with a beard in a plaid shirt holding a Wii remote.
A man playing wii sitting on the couch.
The chair that the man in the middle is sitting in.
A chair that a man with black hair is sitting in.
an old man wearing a blue shirt.
A man in a blue sweater.
The blue phone.
A blue old mobile phone.
The man on the left with a red Boston shirt on with a controller in his right hand.
a man in a red shirt.
Sandwich to right of chips with white substance on it.
A sandwich that is to the right of the other food.
A blue duffel bag.
A blue duffle bag.
A middle sink of 3 all white square identical sinks.
Bathroom sink in between two others.
A keyboard with white keys.
A portable keyboard in front of a laptop and next to a smartphone.
The skiier in black.
woman in black skiing.
A blonde haired woman in blue with her head turned away from the camera.
blonde girl with a dark blue blouse without sleeves.
a woman holding a banana.
A woman in a striped shirt holding a bananagrams game.
man looking slightly to his right, wearing glasses.
a man with blue t shirt.
The pizza on the brown paper closest to the camera.
The pizza closest to the camera.
goblet filled with ice water in the foreground.
A glass of water with ice sitting on a table next to a glass of orange juice and a plate of pastry, potatoes, and fruit.
A dog sitting on a motorcycle.
A pet dog seated on a biker's lap on a red and white motorcycle.
A white and black mother cow nurses her calf while grazing.
WHITE COW WITH HER KID DRINK MILK FROM HER.
A clear cup behind the brown mug.
A clear glass of water.
A train with the destination of Arnhem.
A train with 'Arnhem' as its destination.
An empty black chair at a desk.
A black office chair with a solid plastic back.
the byscle was parked on the road.
Orange bike.
A hotdog with mustard.
the man in the purple cap and the hooded jacket.
A man wearing a purple hat guiding a horse.
a grey cat sitting upright on a window ledge.
A cat standing on the windowsill to the left of another cat.
a yellow folding chair being sat on.
A slice of vegetable pizza on wax paper.
The partial boy in blue with arm and hand leaning across the edge of table.
The boy in the darker blue shirt with an Angry Bird on it.
A man in a white shirt with a a black skull cap.
A man wearing a white shirt, a black hat, and has boxing-type gloves on his hands.
The umbrella holded by the woman sitting in the ground.
An umbrella held by a woman sitting on the beach.
A plate with fruit on it behind two other dishes.
The plate holding the fruit.
The zebra on the left.
left hand zebra.
motorcycle with large back tire.
A black motorcycle behind the blue motorcycle.
Man holding a kite.
A man with a cap, smiling at a girl.
A crouched, baseball catcher in a red team jersey, with his mitt extended.
A catcher wearing gear crouching down.
The person wearing a dark gray sweatshirt holding a dog.
man in blue shirt holding back half of dog.
A woman with a white dress riding a brown horse.
Brown horse walking on the beach carrying a woman.
The donut in the middle of the plate.
A doughnut with powdered sugar on it.
The tortilla with sliced purple cabbage on it.
a pizza topped with shredded cabbage.
The bed on the left.
the left most bed.
A small piece of broccoli next to the big piece of broccoli.
empty bench farthest from man.
the chair that is furthest from the man in blue.
a bride about to cut a wedding cake.
A blonde woman in a backless wedding dress, cutting a wedding cake.
the chair pushed next to the right of the table.
wooden chair.
The group of broccoli that is all touching.
The clump of broccoli about the slices of meat.
doughnut with multi colored sprinkles.
Cupcake with rainbow sprinkles.
The orange cat on the chair.
An orange and white cat on a red chair.
a woman with red sleeves and a red pony tail.
A woman with a red shirt and braid standing behind a vegetable sculpture.
A piece of pizza in a plate before the guy with yellow t-shirt.
Slice of pepperoni pizza on a paper plate.
The orange in the middle.
A black and white cat sitting on a luggage and staring at the camera.
A black and white cat sitting up to the left of another.
The lead elephant that is carrying two people on it's back.
An elephant walking down a road and carrying two people.
An elephant with her baby.
A large elephant walking near a smaller elephant.
The green chair on which a man wearing red t-shirt having his food.
Green chair occupied by man.
The dog behind the ear.
A small dog which is at the back of a big dog.
A wooden chair to the left of a clock.
The chair on the bottom left.
A person on the left side of a bench feeding the birds.
a batter swinging the bat.
A baseball player swinging a bat.
A woman with dark hair and bangs.
A young lady.
Apple screen with a man looking into the webcam.
A white apple monitor.
A white coffee cup sitting on a brown table near a doughnut.
A white mug with coffee.
A young girl with a pink bag is holding the reins of a horse.
A girl in a white polo shirt standing by a pony.
A piece of meat next to another piece of meat that is closer to a glass.
A fried dumpling the farthest away from the ice cream on the dish in the front.
A baby elephant in the wild.
The smaller elephant, on the left, who does not have tusks.
An empty, green metal mesh park bench.
rightmost greenc hair.
A triangle sandwich portion to the bottom right.
a giraffe with its mouth open.
A giraffe with its mouth opem.
The side profile airplane.
airplane on runway.
FRONT WHEEL AND PARTS OF A CYCLE.
a bicycle with its front tire.
A white motorcycle with a White rider.
The motorcycle of the man on the left.
a businessman without a tie sitting next to another man who has a tie.
A man in a pink shirt looking at a phone.
soup, sandwich and a drink.
A glass of red wine, a bowl of tomato soup, and two sandwiches.
Black automobile next to the curb of a sidewalk with moving carriage and horse.
a black suv.
big bowl far right.
Porcelain bowl without a lid.
something in a siracha bottle.
The sheep has very big.
two ram on the road.
The bride that is cutting the cake.
a wife in a white wedding dress helping her husband cut their cake.
Bus with an LED destination sign that reads Ipswich Rail Station.
Green and white bus next to another bus with a man standing in front of it.
Teenager in dull red pants jumping on a skate board.
A boy in tight, red pants in the air while riding a skateboard.
Two hands holding scissors.
Person holding the scissors.
The chair with no one in it.
An empty wooden chair.
the woman wearing the green shirt sitting on the bench.
A woman in a green shirt and black pants.
the bottom picture  of the table with the cake and strawberries but in the right hand picture.
A scene containing a person sitting on a chair, multiple cakes, chocolate treats, plates, and silverware.
A horse next to the woman.
The horse being walked.
A bottle which has orange color juice in the freez.
A bottle with an orange cap in the back of the fridge.
man that is holding the pistol.
A person with a gun on horseback.
A kid in a black shirt doing a trick on a skateboard.
Man on skateboard.
The asian sign.
A tablet screen with Korean characters.
The man wearing a jacket.
A man in a suit and glasses fixes the tie of another man without his suit jacket on.
black laptop with Apple Logo sticker.
a black laptop computer, fartest left in the image, with a large apple sticker on the space next to the mousepad.
A girl with black hair, dark blue shirt, a fork in her right hand, red-painted nails, and is drinking a cup of coke with a straw.
The girl giving a peace sign.
A black and white zebra laying down near other zebras.
The zebra that is lying down.
A black umbrella being held by a woman.
A BALCK UMBRELLA.
the laptop on the left.
the gray keyboard with the touch pad.
The woman in the red shirt.
A woman cutting something.
an air force plane with a red nose.
US Airforce plane.
The person with tattoos on both arms.
woman with tattoos on her arms.
A cow laying behind another cow.
a cow sitting in front of another cow.
A woman in a green vest.
Mature woman with blonde hair looking into her phone.
A woman with a brown ponytail and a strap over her shoulder holding a pink umbrella.
man holding an orange umbrella.
A person surfing in a black and white outfit.
Lady surfing a small wave in the ocean.
A woman wearing black pants.
A lady wearing  a black tea shirt and black phant.
A girl in a blue shirt with a pencil in her hand.
A little girl painting a picture.
racer at edge of track with arm out.
A motocross rider releases the handlebar as he crosses the finish line.
The bike in the background that's seen through the motorcycle's windsheild.
A giraffe standing beside another eating from a tree.
A giraffe in front of another giraffe.
the skateboard in the air touching the pole.
skateboard going down the rail.
A man in a black shirt and blue jeans walking through a skating park.
A man with a black shirt walking with friends.
The top half of the back of a black car.
Old style car but only the back window.
A stainless steel refrigerator for sale in a store.
A brushed silver french door refrigerator with the pull out freezer on bottom.
A white and orange water bottle with a lid.
A white water bottle with a black top and an intricate gold colored design on the side.
The glass vase.
A glass vase filled with the stems of flowers.
The chair in the lower left corner of the picture.
Chair facing bathroom door and TV.
Half of a club sandwich with its filling obscured by the other half.
Half of a sandwich at top of a plate.
A sheep with a black face and grey snout.
There are three sheep visible, the middle one , with horns looing at camera.
a brown chair set in front of the sandwich.
A wooden three slat bench seat across the table.
A green and white ski with an x on it.
ski that says oslo and the one underneath.
A gray donkey knit doll next to a woman in a white cape.
A gray pig in a knitted manger scene.
Two controller.
A grey and a black remote control sitting between the coffee cup and bowl.
Person in white near person in apron.
A girl wearing a blue shirt.
A girl with a kitty at in a pink crown on her shirt.
A light brown ceramic horse on the top shelf of a shelf.
A brown plastic horse with a blue tassle.
Medium suitcase against a slightly larger suitcase.
woman with blonde hair eating pizza.
A blond woman holding pizza.
Man in black shirt standing behind the counter.
A man wearing a black shirt working behind a counter at a restaurant with a female coworker.
women playing.
Woman at bat.
yellow toy.
yellow doll in the image.
crossing light.
a no walk sign.
the man on the right leaning over.
A man with brown hair, wearing a green t-shirt and bending over a desk.
Man in red wetsuit.
A man in a wet suit with a red lining who is working on their surf board.
The bottom half of a sandwich.
A man holding a black coat.
A man in a short sleeve striped shirt.
The chair with a backpack on it.
A bag sitting on a black love seat.
A giraffe with a swishing tail running towards a log on the ground.
a running giraffe.
these are green beans on top of the food pile.
The larger cow on the left.
The larger of two cows.
a wooden bench with a bear's head on it.
A table with a bear head on it.
A giraffe eating something out of the hand of a boy in a green sweater.
The giraffe with its tongue out licking the boys hand.
Television kept near the dinner table.
portion of flat screen Samsung TV.
the open suitcase on the top of another.
a suitcase filled with jars and a butterfly.
A glass of coffee on a table, next to an empty glass and a bowl of food.
A glass bowl with some drinkable liquid inside.
Two tiers of a three tier cake with flowers hanging on it.
Three steps cake having a blue colour flower on it.
A lady in white dress, watching the man cutting the cake.
woman looking cake.
A man in a blueish greyish looking shirt sitting behind the man and kid playing guitar.
mostly unseen male in gray shirt sitting on the couch, behind the young man and little boy.
A TV with a woman being interviewed on it.
A woman with sunglasses on her head on the television being interviewed.
A children's book with raccoons is lying open on the bed next to a sleeping child.
An open book with raccoons in it.
A groom.
A photo of a man next to a birthday cake.
The zebra standing in the bright sunshine.
A zebra standing in the sun behind two other zebras.
A woman wearing headphones and has her arms crossed.
A black woman with headphones.
A red and white train.
Large white and maroon train in the front of the photo.
orange truck with 3 tractors on the bed.
An orange flatbed truck with three tractors on the back.
A woman in an orange shirt kneels down watching a child play with a frisbee.
Woman in a yellow top.
A baseball pitcher points his glove into the air.
A baseball player with #27 on his back has his legs spread wide apart, his right arm out to the side and his left arm high in the air.
A woman with a patterned flower shirt preparing food.
A woman chef with the number three on her hat.
A giraffe eating grass to the left of another giraffe.
a small giraffe with his head lowered to the ground standing to the left of another giraffe.
A thumb holding the banana.
Fingers holding on to a banana.
A boy with a brown hat and gray hooded jacket.
Skateboarding teen wearing a brown beanie.
bottom kite.
A black man with a cane.
A black mn wearing a blue hat and blue shirt talking together.
A surfer bend forward and touching his left leg.
A surfer on top of the way with his hand in the air and a hand on his knee.
The cow whose face is not visible.
A cow is standing beside another cow near a fence.
girl in white sport skirt playing tennis.
a woman about to hit a yellow ball.
A woman with a red shirt opening a microwave.
Women with brown hair and a red jacket on.
man with glasses holding something.
A young man sits in front of a small laptop with a hard-drive in his hand.
A silver Apple laptop computer.
a laptop facing away from another laptop with a boy in orange sitting in front of it.
A woman with her hand cupping a baby elephants trunk.
An Indian woman wearing a gray t-shirt holding the trunk of an elephant.
A man in a black uniform kneeling.
A base ball player with black jersey sitting between a player and an umpire.
The couch has a blanket draped over it.
A sofa.
A diner's hands hold a fork and knife, prepared to cut into food.
The upper arm of someone wearing purple and holding a fork.
The wooden chair back in front of the man in a red shirt.
empty chair in front of the man wearing red.
the slice of pizza opposite the fork and knife.
Left quadrant pizza slive.
A tan couch with different color pillows.
A brown sofa behind the coffee table.
A man in a black suit and red tie holds a child.
A man holding a baby.
A woman tennis player with a pink dress swinging the bat.
Female tennis player.
Fork that is not covered up.
the silver fork next to the knife.
giraffe on right.
The giraffe on the right.
A man with a mustache.
man in black coat and pants holding radio.
A large female elephant feeding a baby.
An adult elephant with a baby elephant at its right side.
Giraffe in right foreground.
The giraffe next to the giraffe looking towards the camera.
Only motorcycle that is completely visible.
A red and white motorbike with the word Marlboro on it.
stop Obama sign.
A No Walk traffic signal with an Obama sticker.
the woman on the front of the surfboard.
A woman in a skirt pretending to surf.
A red and white whole pizza with torn and whole basil leaves.
A pizza sprinkled with fresh basil leaves.
a very colorful umbrella.
A purple and black umbrella with paintings of faces on it.
metal bench with a white shopping bag and luggage on top.
Bench with items on it.
A black person.
A black dude looking a little bald on top.
A blonde woman sitting on a couch with a burgundy and tan shirt.
A blonde haired woman sitting in the sofa.
The cycle that a long haired girl is holding.
The bicycle that is being ridden by a girl taking a bite of food.
A red IBM Thinkpad sitting on a desk next to another IBM Thinkpad.
Bright pink notebook computer on black desk next to a black computer.
Man in the red coat.
a man wearing a red jacket.
The chair closest to the photographer.
the person sitting at the table in black but in the picture on the right.
a man sitting in front of the table.
A man wearing a white shirt and tan cargo pants standing in front of a table.
A baseball fan standing, waiting for a bat to be autographed by a player.
The triangle white and brown striped piece of dessert between the sandwich and the scone on the top right of the plate.
A small, triangular slice of layer cake with white and chocolate stripes.
The umbrella that the woman in gray is holding that is facing the ground.
Umbrella with a red handle being held with a girl in high-top sneakers.
a round doughnut with sprinkles.
A chocolate donut with white sprinkles that is next to a star shaped chocolate donut.
a blurry man with sunglasses and a gray suit.
A man in grey on his phone behind another.
A bear swimming with his face half submerged near two other bears.
a bear on the water.
the elephant facing the camera.
An elephant that we know has 2 ears.
A man sitting on a cusion holding a wii remote.
A man sitting on a stool holding a game controller.
A young man wearing a green shirt, sitting at the end of the sofa.
A boy wearing green color t shirt is laughing as he is watching something.
pizza in the left side of the image.
A pizza covered with tomatoes sausage and cheese in an open box.
a woman in a green shirt.
An older woman in a green blouse.
Large blue rowing boat that is brought to shore.
a rowboat with someone standing it and someone leaning over it.
A banana is to the right of another banana.
Man sitting with legs crossed.
a man  was sitting on chair.
Baby zebra feeding from the female zebra with another zebra.
Baby zebra feeding.
Wine glass nearest the woman's pizza.
Wine glass that is closest to the lady in black.
The baby giraffe standing next to the two larger giraffes.
A baby giraffe is displayed on the image along with its parents.
A small slice of thin crust, cheesy, spinach pizza on a plate with other types of pizza and some meat.
PIZZA SLICE ITH GREEN TOPPING.
A plant in a black pot.
a man wearing white pants, black t shirt, white cap and coolers. Looking ahead.
A man in a black shirt and white pants.
A dark skinned boy with orange gloves and a black, hooded coat.
Snowboarder with red gloves.
A BOY WEARING BLUE T-SHIRT.
little boy in blue shirt.
a wooden chair with a white cushion and red square pillow.
The white chair with the purple pillow.
woman on left.
The woman standing on the boat.
The boy in black shorts.
ball boy in the back.
white truck labelled 315.
A white box truck with a blue Shred-It logo on the front of the box.
A fork placed near a plate.
A  silver fork.
first white sofa from the front.
Couch facing windows.
A young woman on white dress sitting in between two persons.
The woman snowboarder wearing a white jacket.
A man in a blue shirt holding a baby girl.
a young man sits holding a baby.
Zebra who is looking other way with rear facing forward.
Head of zebra, standing near behind of another zebra.
A man in yellow t-shirt is playing a tennis.
Man in yellow polo shirt and white cap swinging a tennis racket.
The cow that is the smallest.
the smallest brown cow.
A black and white horse in a field.
a black and white horse walks in the field.
A black suitcase next to a grey one.
A black piece of luggage with brown trim.
A man with both arms pointing forward and down.
A man with both of his hands down.
Throw pillow arranged by the girl.
A dark leather couch with three pillows on it.
couch with 3 differeent colored pillows.
a gray elephant walking behind another elephant.
A pack elephant carrying three people.
A wooden black colored chair with a black padded cushion to the upper right.
the palm tree that is behind the cow sign.
the four red uniformed men on the string.
A British soldiers kite flying on the sky.
empty wooden table top.
The table in the back of the image with no computer no it.
A baby elephant lying on it's side.
A baby elephant that is on its side and has its legs in the air.
The cocato which is sitting on the back of the woman with its crown straight.
The bird furthest from the baby.
Large multi striped chair.
single sofa with vertical geometrical lines on which a red cloth is placed.
A man drinking through a straw, and holding a pink box of pink, sprinkled doughnuts.
The man taking a sip of his drink and holding donuts.
Romance of African elephsnt.
A cow headed to a stream of water.
A cow walking towards a lake.
A woman wearing a pink shirt.
A black haired lay with glasses and a pink shirt.
Airplane seat next to the window.
The back of a blue airplane seat with a grey plastic tray on it.
A WHITE COLOR DRESS WEARING PERSON PLAYING SKIING.
A skiier in a white jacket.
double layer bus full image.
A double decker bus with an Asian lady on the banner.
A meal in an aluminum tray with a potato and carrots.
Bowl of vegetables.
A man wearing a hat, with glasses and a black shirt, while sitting down and typing on a laptop.
A man wearing glasses and a hat.
Tan chair fully in frame.
the white chair with cushions on it.
A ram with curved horns with its head turned to look behind.
Animal that is scratching itself.
slice above cutter.
slice above spatula.
building directly behind fire truck.
Boy wearing long gray sleeves and pink shirt in the background.
A young man wearing a baseball cap.
a brown classic pick up truck with a license plate that reads usa 1.
Bronze and white truck, center.
a giraffee.
The giraffe in the back facing left.
A empty bench in a motor home.
An empty couch next to the sink inside an RV.
the woman holding a bottle with one foot on the couch and wearing black.
girl in headphones.
The table in the background.
Table behind a girl to the left sitting eating her lunch.
The three slices of pizza on the left.
A large vase with tall flowers.
Purple and white flowers and the glass bottle holding them.
A woman with dark hair and brown eyes in front of a cheese pizza.
boy pitcher.
The boy pitching a baseball.
A man wearing a green shirt and glasses on a laptop.
The boy in the green shirt and black glasses.
A man in a purple sports jersey holding a pink laptop.
The man in the dark shirt with numbers on it, sitting with his arm on the back of a chair.
black bar stool sitting near a bar.
an empty black chair.
A woman using a wii intently.
A woman is a gray shirt.
the beige chair.
A book.
A chapter book that is halfway open and is being held by a person.
A tennis player wearing a black hat and blue shirt.
Man in blue shirt and black hat holding a tennis racket.
a pizza.
A pizza on a white plate with mushrooms.
A girl with mobile on hand with red chain on neck.
An asian woman holding a silver phone.
snowboards laying on ground bottom side up.
A snowboard with multicolored  writing that says joint.
a man wearing pink trousers.
the person standing in the snow with pink pants on.
A man holding a shotgun.
The man with the rifle.
Boy is diving in the Swimming Pool.
A boy on a surf board in a pool.
A polar bear holding it's head up.
The left bear in the right pic.
An umpire in a baseball game.
An umpire about to make a call at home plate.
A large stack of carrots stacked to the right of a mound of broccoli.
Carrots set next to broccoli.
The bed and headboard of the bed the man is standing next to.
The bed that is gentleman is going through his items on. It is to the right of the other bed.
the table by the lovely woman.
Table in front of lady holding a plate and wine glass.
A bunch of three bananas is arranged to the right of some green apples.
three bananas.
baseball player on left side, holding bat by his leg.
Red Sox baseball player posing for picture with right hand on end of bat that is to his right side.
car is parking side of the road.
black car behind woman in stripped shirt.
White mug with coffee in it.
A cup of coffee sitting to the left of a slice of cake.
a beige counter top in the bathroom.
The catcher behind the batter holding out his glove.
The catcher and his arm.
a dark blue suitcase.
blue suitcase to the right.
A slice of chocolate pie with purple and white frosting decorations.
square cake.
A blue and white bus and next to a white truck.
A bus with the words chula vista in the window.
The zebra on the right side.
A red and yellow snow board.
A SNOWBOARD ATTACHED AT THE FEET OF A MAN.
car.
A red station wagon with wooden panels that has a surfboard tied on top of it.
A pitcher.
A pitcher pitching at a baseball game.
A female baseball playing running with her back towards us and number 22 on her shirt.
The player wearing number 22.
The container and the veggies on the right side.
A container with vegetables and a slice of lime in it.
A wet bear facing left with its mouth wide open.
bear on right side with widest mouth.
A sheep with a black head laying behind some other sheep.
a sheep in the back laying its head down.
The ostritch in front.
Ostrich with it's body facing forward and looking backward.
A black and white dog.
the player playing hited ball.
a man having racquet in his right hand.
A man wearing a gray shirt about to throw a Frisbee.
A man in a blue shirt with the numbers 01 printed on the back, preparing to pass a frisbee.
A woman in a white shirt feeding leafs to a giraffe.
a girl feeding a giraffe.
The bush on the pot that is behind the cat.
green leaves plant by a wooden bench.
The hot dog that is closer to the salt shaker.
The hotdog behind another hotdog.
The wooden chair behind the boy's head closest to the window.
A wooden chair placed the farthest end of the table.
A giraffe standing in front of other giraffe.
shorter giraffe with head in leaves.
A SLICE OF CHEESE PIZZA.
Two up close slices of pizza on a black plate.
The green apples.
Granny smith apples next to a crate of navel oranges at a fruit stall.
A piece of broccoli with a cut stem.
The large broccoli in the foreground.
person holding a serving of food.
a man that is handing food to someone.
A giraffe immediately behind another giraffe.
A giraffe standing the tallest.
A cats reflection in the mirror.
Wooden sofa with blue cushions against the wall in the living room.
The purple futon.
Pie.
The slice of dessert in front of the drink.
AN OLD MAN WEARING BLACK COAT.
an old man in a black coat looking at a bird on the bench.
little blonde boy being held.
the first player from the front.
man in white jersey in the front side of the camera.
piece of bread in the back side of the camara.
Toasted triangle of bread in background.
A tennis player on the right side of the photo.
A second picture of a man with a tennis racquet.
A brown pot with a plant growing out of it.
The old man with no hat next to the man in a red jacket.
A bald head gentleman with the tennis racket.
Sneakers on crossed legs.
A pair of black tennis shoes with white laces.
A man in a white shirt, glasses, and blue jeans sitting directly opposite a man with a camera who is waving.
A man in a white shirt holding a plastic bag and sitting at the right side of a truck bed.
a woman wearing brown pants.
A lady wearing red pullover.
a food salad on tabule.
A cucumbers in a plastic box.
A red umbrella being held by a man.
a red umbrella.
A giraffe behind another giraffe walking towards a door.
The second giraffe heading towards the doorway.
The macau being inspected by the macau on the right.
The bird cleaning its own backm.
piece of cake with a fork beside it.
A piece of bread next to a fork.
The skier with the black backpack.
An older man on skis wearing a black and red jacket and black pants.
elephant to the far left.
elephant with the large tusks.
The little girl in the middle who is wearing a gray shirt.
A young girl at a computer in a grey shirt between two other young girls in red shirts.
A man wearing a black shirt.
The caucasian man holding a wine glass.
A table that has two pizza dishes on top of it.
Brown paper as tablecloth.
Bedroom with two beds.
bed with the blankets pulled farthest up.
black SUV across the road.
A black car is stopped on the road.
A man wearing a white shirt cooking something in a black pot.
Young man helping prepare a feast to eat.
The person dressed in dark colors under the dark umbrella.
lady with purse.
A kid in orange swings a bat.
Boy holding the baseball bat.
the front small plane in the right hand picture.
An elephant that is sticking its trunk in its mouth behind two younger elephants.
The elephant in the foreground that is facing left that is walking towards the two baby elephants.
An orange arm chair with a person sitting on the arm rest.
A laptop.
A black laptop.
officer riding horse in forefront.
The person struggling with their helmet.
man on red bike.
THE MAN.
boy standing near an adult.
A boy in a blue shirt looking forward.
The sink bowl on the right, next to the wall.
the sink nearest the cord.
man in a white, red, and black baseball uniform with a tan baseball glove.
baseball player behind the pitcher with brown glove.
a man snowboarding in yellow pants.
the snowboarder.
A gray parking meter with no minutes left with an art easel leaned up against it.
Parking meter with a painting hanging from it.
a person whose head can not be seen, sitting on top of a painted elephant.
The person riding the elephant.
an empire crouching down behind a catcher.
An umpire standing on a baseball field.
woman in hat.
a woman in a floral print dress bathing a child.
women smiling with glasses.
A smiling woman with a mole by her mouth wearing glasses and a knitted hat.
bus that says afghan post closest to the camera.
the bus right in front of the camera.
a res, pink, yellow, green, teal and purple striped kite with a black border laying in the snow.
The car furthest to the left.
black car to left of silver car.
Blurry ski close to camera.
A snow ski that is black and orange and has some white letters on it.
A male wearing an orange shirt and black shorts running a game of frisbee.
A man in an orange shirt is running towards the other players.
A glass room to view the flight departures and arrivals.
A large ship with an American flag.
the bus on the left in the right hand picture.
A double decker bus is halfway behind a tree while turning the corner.
A man in plaid drinking a beer.
The person that is not a woman.
The person with the stopwatch around their neck.
A pizza on a old pan.
A pizza on a burned pizza pan with no edges near a frying pan.
A long black ponytail with a gold clasp.
A woman's ponytail with a golden hair accessory.
The hot dog to the right of the other hot dog.
The hotdog to the right of another hotdog.
the table in front of the guy with the red sweatshirt.
The edge of a table. Part of a pair of pants is visible.
A child in a vertically-striped jumper, who is playing with another child.
A toddler with blue eyes in a blue and white striped one-piece outfit.
sofa with woman sitting on it.
Couch, but only from the seat up, not the bottom half.
The man wearing the blue shirt and blue jeans.
A young man with a crew cut, wearing jeans and a light blue shirt, throwing a red ring.
A woman is taking a snap of her picture on top of aeroplane.
A woman aviator in an old photo poses on a wing.
An umbrella next to a building.
the umbrella behind the man wearing a tan visor.
The yellow table.
The wood lunch table is beautifully set and people are enjoying sald and cheese quiche for the meal.
A motorcycle parked in front of a blue truck.
the motorcycle that is parked in front of the blue truck.
The black chair that is unoccupied.
An empty brown leather easy chair.
3 apples.
The apples beneath the larger banana closest to the front.
A man in green jumping for a Frisbee.
A man with a green shirt jumping in the air catching a frisbee.
a red and white transit bus.
a red bus.
A man in a button-up shirt wearing glasses is holding a Wiimote.
The man in glasses is playing with his Wii.
A piece of pizza under a big piece of pizza in a vessel.
a slice of pizza underneath another slice.
The man wearing orange safety vest.
A man in a safety vest carrying items.
An empty, brown wooden chair stationed next to cat.
unoccupied chair under table.
woman wearing what tank top.
girl playing a game with her thumb down.
giraffe on right side.
A tall giraffe standing near a zebra.
A woman with a blue shirt picks up a black garbage bag.
A woman picking up a garbage bag.
A blue and white KLM airplane.
A picture of a blue and white airplane on the runway.
Bench nearest to the horse.
A bench seat nearest a horse.
A slice of an orange rind on the right side of the plate.
A monitor on the wall used for demo purposes.
A TV monitor with instructions for using cellphones.
Skier wearing a green jacket.
A man in a green jacket skis next to a woman.
A man with a name tag that reads Alan.
A photo with half a man's face.
A CUTLET PIECE IN THE THREE WHITE PLATE.
THERE IS ONE SMALL PIECE FOOD ITEM ON THE SMALL PLATE.
A striped lawn chair being sat in it by a man wearing a dark shirt and dark pants.
The beach chair under the man in the foreground.
A Baseball Player wearing green color t-shirt and white color phant.
child in green and white shirt running.
boy with white shirt.
a man was standing.
a ball player behind the man with a bat.
Baseball player in bright red and white uniform ready to catch.
mouthwash.
A plastic bottle of blue mouth wash on a sink in the bathroom.
a long train.
Three cars of a train at a station.
A tall plant in a red and white planter.
A green plant in a red and white pot.
Black keyboard on an unused open laptop.
A pizza with green peppers and mushrooms.
A pizza with pepperoni, mushrooms, hamburger, and green peppers.
the zebra furthest from the camera.
A zebra running ahead of another zebra.
A black SUV.
Dark SUV on the far side of the road.
boy holding remote on couch.
a man was sitting on sofa.
Blue and white parachute.
White parachute.
A brown suitcase on top of the box and other suitcase.
suitcase that is on top of other suitcase.
The man sitting in the bleachers center.
a base ball bat.
the tall vase between the other vases.
a beige and green vase between two other vases.
A asian lady riding an elephant.
A man riding an elefant.
pink throw pillows.
Couch filled with maroon pillows.
red bowl of greens.
red pot with green leaves in it.
a young man in plaid shorts holding a frisbee.
A young man in a grey tee shirt and baseball cap holding a frisbee indoors.
A black bike in between two other bikes.
The black bicycle directly below the sign.
the yellow flowers in the middle front of the camera.
A table with one black and thick leg support and three glasses on top of it is in the middle between two tables.
A LITTLE GIRL IN THE CENTER TRYING TO THROW WHITE DISC IN THE GROUND.
child in the center.
The woman touching the child.
A woman wearing a purple sweater.
half a sandwich sitting on top.
A sandwich on another sandwich on dish.
A man's hand holding a cheese grater.
The right hand of a man holding a knife.
A black plugged in cell phone.
The black GPS.
Man wearing eye glasses holding hot dog.
The person standing in front of the shop.
a man wearing a white shirt.
Sitting man in the hat with the white shoes.
The boy that is serving a ball.
A boy in blue shorts serving a tennis ball.
A baseball player resting his arm on a bat.
A baseball player in a blue, gray and white uniform sitting on an empty sunflower seed container.
The zebra that is larger and in front of the other two.
A zebra stands in front of two zebras.
sheep blanket on sheep with exposed neck.
Sheep looking away from camera.
an elephant.
An elephant walking which was some white in color.
A MAN IS SMILING WITH HIS COUPLE AND BOTH ARE WEARING WHITE CLOTH.
The man wearing the white vest.
books on a table next to Wii controlers.
Books stacked on a table next to game controllers.
the boy skateboarding down the steps.
a man skateboarding down the stairs.
A black and white zebra is facing to the left.
The zebra on the right that is eating grass with another zebra.
The closest gray car.
The car with a P on it.
woman sat on sofa.
a girl sitting on a sofa.
The part of the table to the right of the man in a checkered shirt with the chopsticks.
a Brown table top.
a brown wicker chair sitting in front of a brown desk.
A wood chair.
right banana on two forks.
a yellow banana stuck to two forks to the right of another banana.
The person in the black wet suit.
man in wetsuit sitting on surfboard.
The round donut without a hole.
Pastry between other pastries.
A girl wearing a white dress.
A young girl in a white dress.
chaild was tuching the glass.
A GIRL BABY WEARING THE PARTY DRESS AND HOLDING THE TIE.
a man in a yellow and black jacket snowboarding.
a person in a yellow and black coat snow boarding.
A pizza missing two slices.
A pizza with bacon a topping.
The zebra in full view.
zebra in front.
A navy sweater with white stripes and a logo on the breast.
A person wearing a striped shirt can barely be seen.
Boy standing up with grey sweatshirt and green frisbee.
The man with a grey shirt and blue jeans holding a green Frisbee by 3 females.
table behind pizza box.
The table to the right.
A big black suitcase for a child.
black bag.
A woman in a black and grey dress.
the metal door on the left labled Traulsen No. 2.
door of refrigerator or oven with Traulsen No. 2 on front.
The second hotdog from the back.
a long train on tracks with mountains in the backdrop.
A black suitcase sitting next to another black suitcase.
The suitcase with its wheels on the top.
This is a bed in the middle of 3 beds.
The bed in the middle.
the white horse in the front.
Head and neck of white horse.
An airplane in the background.
An airplane that is behind another airplane.
the grey horse in the right hand picture.
a horse with 2 legs in the air.
The boy is throwing the frisbee.
A man, with very impressive calf and thigh muscles, trying to reach for something.
A man stands in between a girl and another man.
Man holding white frisbee.
A black office chair to the right of the table.
the nearest colored chair.
The black and white Damask print chair closest to the camera.
The man riding a light gray elephant.
An elephant close to the guard wall.
cross country skiier.
A person cross country skiing behind another person.
Pizza, top center of plate.
piece of pizza at 12 oc lcock on plate.
Girl on the right.
the women with a purple toothbrush and earrings.
boy celebrates his birthday by cutting cake.
Guy with a white shirt.
the palm on which the device is been displaying.
a person's hand who is holding a samsung phone.
THE GIRL WITH MOBILE & A NECKLACE.
woman with cell phone and black choaker necklace.
the grey fabric chair in the very front.
The chair to the left of the TV tray type of table.
the little boy on his skateboard.
A small dark-haired boy in a gray shirt riding a skateboard.
the glass edge of a dining table at someone's home.
A glass table near a pizza.
A yellow bottle of mustard on a table near a pan of hotdogs.
bottle of mustard.
MAN WALKING THROUGH WATER WITH SSURFBAORD.
Man holding surfboard.
A brown horse standing on the street, near another horse that is white.
white car.
White car on the right.
A black and red train engine with the numbers 41096.
A black and red train with the numbers 41 096 in front.
woman carrying a black purse.
A woman with short pants and handbag is walking along with red color t-shirt  man in the street.
An older woman with a pink and purple shirt posing for a picture.
blonde woman in purple tie dye.
A man in white dress is holding a plastic bottle and black bag.
a man wearing white recycling a bottle.
A man wearing a red shirt and brown pants next to someone skateboarding.
A person in red wearing a backpack.
A man with a beard.
A man with a beard wear a suit.
Powered off tv monitor with part of a shoulder wearing a striped sweater.
A tv monitor behind a man in an office.
umpire dressed all in black standing behind the catcher.
the umpire wearing dress shoes.
a man in a blue hoodie standing behind to kid.
A man in a blue sweatshirt.
The player running the bases directly behind the pitcher.
The black pillow with gold designs.
A black cloth behind a cat.
the giraffe that is standing next to the pole.
A giraffe standing opposite to other giraffee which is more height.
the giraffe on the far left.
giraffee closest to building.
an elderly man in bed looking at a baby wearing polka dots.
An old man cuddling alongside an infant in a spotted jumpsuit.
A person on the television holding a microphone.
the man in white holding a microphone.
The dog whose head we can see.
a little hyena behind the zebra.
A woman in a black blouse with white dots wearing a flower in her hair.
A black woman with a red flower in her hair and a black and white polkadot dress.
a yellow colour chair in the bed room.
yellow chair.
Two slices of pizza in a warming tray.
a plate with 2 slices of pizza.
A boy holds a microphone and a video game controller.
the boy in the middle holding the microphone.
The see through door of a refrigerator.
Shelves to put items.
the black tote bag holding green cutting boards.
A bag which is having a black colour is on the middle of all products.
Zebra running next to another zebra.
A landed FedEx Express plane in the center of the picture.
fully visible.
A yellow plate filled with different types of food.
A tan dinner plate with mashed potatoes broccoli, and a fewother side dishes onit.
The front of a horse with a white nose.
Horse with white stripes.
A green apple on the top right.
Blue vase with baby's breath inside sitting third from the left.
Middle vase with dried branches.
A large elephant behind two other elephants.
a tall elephant standing to the back of 2 elephants.
Tennis player wearing a white cap backwards.
second man from the left side of the image.
green apple next to a yellow banana.
a yellow green apple under a bunch of bananas.
a sheep to the left of the picture.
A horned sheep to the left of two other horned sheep.
A clear glass dish holding the yellow fruit.
A bunch of peaches gathered in a glass bowl to be put on a buffet-like display.
The little mouse is the smallest of the three toys.
yellow stuffed animal on left.
Woman getting her hair done in the salon while taking a mirror selfie.
A woman getting her hair done.
A man wearing glasses.
An older man wearing a white shirt.
The boat to the very front.
a small houseboat next to a walking trail on the shore.
a brown sofa with a pillow on it.
a brown leather couch with a square brown pillow on it.
left most person.
Girl holding white controller.
The green truck in front of all of the other trucks.
green and grey flatbed truck parked in front of five other trucks.
A white plane with Scottish flyer wordings on it standing in the midst of snow.
The large airplane in front.
A sheep in the barn.
White baby lamb sitting in middle of field.
side of the table with no food.
A wooden table with food on top.
A woman in a black shirt playing video games.
A women in a black shirt playing Nintendo Wii.
a brown horse with its eyes closed.
The horse with a dark mane, not the light mane.
The boy swinging the baseball bat wearing green.
Baseball player.
the female behind the camera on the tripod.
woman and camera.
A girl in a pink sweatshirt points at a screen.
The girl wearing pink points at the video screen.
A lady with her hands in the air enjoying herself playing a video game.
A woman in a stripped shirt and jeans with her hands above her head.
A train engine.
A red train leaving the station.
Brown wooden bench that little girl in pink is seated on.
Then bench the two kids are sitting on.
bicyclist on the street.
A woman wearing a dark shirt and pants riding a bicycle in a pedestrian cross walk.
A baseball player swinging at a ball.
A baseball player swinging a bat.
A woman in a red gown.
A woman in glasses and a red robe embraces a man.
a man wearing a coat is taking something from the other ladys bag.
A MAN WEARING THE JARKIN  AND HOLDING THE UMBRELLA.
The front left onion.
the left side food at the front row.
the side view mirror.
entire rearview mirror.
A dog balloon.
Inflatable dog.
the red car with the boy in a red shirt.
the motor bike with the kid in red to the right in the right hand picture.
An open laptop on a desk.
A lap top with a weird lady head on it.
A white Panam airplane.
a white plane coming in for a landing.
the dark streetlights on the left side.
Street light, unlit.
Area of the table in the back with nothing on it.
A girl wearing tan pants, holding on to a giant toothbrush.
taller girl smiling hugging on blue toothbrush.
A blue toothbrush on a sink.
blue tooth brush on right.
the woman in pink int he left side of the picture but only in the right hand picture.
Gentle man found brushing his teeth.
A man with a tooth brush in his mouth.
Little boy in red footies sitting on the floor.
The boy in moose pajamas.
a banana with a surprised face drawn on it.
the yellow banana on the left.
ELEPHANT ON THE LEFT.
the elephant that has no people sitting on him.
Man in white shorts leaning on fence.
A man in light colored shorts and a dark shirt standing behind a fence.
Horse being led by number 1.
The horse being led by the man wearing the vest with a 1 on it.
A black office chair sits empty in a living room.
A black office chair on wheels with armrests.
A monitor labeled ViewSonic.
a computr on tabule.
A sink that has a modern look to it.
A squar white sink with circultar metal drain lid.
A white truck.
A carriage van of isuzu make moving on the roads.
A child wearing a white shirt and black pants.
A child in formal attire next to a man with a cane.
A brown couch with 4 pillows on it.
The brown couch with 4 pillows on it.
A woman in a black shirt and with blonde hair.
A woman playing tennis.
A couch a boy with a laptop is sitting on.
There is grey colored sofa on which a man sitting with laptop.
A man in a white t-shirt and glasses.
A person working behind a food counter.
The duck in the back close to the water.
Table nearest the window.
The stove top near the window.
Yellow octopus with green eyes and long tentacle kites up in the sky with several other kites.
yellow jellyfish kite flying in sky.
The cell on the left,  the woman on the left.
A big horse.
A mostly brown horse with some white on the right side of a pen.
A hot dog to the left of all the other hot dogs.
first hot dog on the left.
A store mannequin behind a window.
Female mannequin wearing a strapless short black ruffled dress.
The baseball player dressing in gray and red uniform with the glove on.
A baseball player wearing a gray uniform with the number 29 on the frong.
A traffic light.
yellow traffic light next to a pedestrian sign which is lit.
a traffic light and street lamp.
An aeroplane which is facing towards the camera.
man in ski glasses and orange hat.
A man in black.
the guy serving the ball by the word double.
A man in a blue national guard shirt with a tennis racket raised above his head and one leg off the ground.
A hand holding a hotdog.
A white hand that is holding a burnt hot dog.
A brown chair to the left of a person sitting in a red and black swivel chair.
A wooden chair with no one sitting in it.
The boy wearing glasses holding the cell phone.
A smiling man that is wearing glasses.
man wearing glasses standing to the left of woman.
a clock that has the time 12:10 on it.
A clock on the watch tower showing 12:10 pm.
wine glass with wine.
The glass is half full of wine.
Man sitting on bench in subway.
Man wearing a hat and jeans.
A man on a bike in front of a large bovine in the middle of a busy city street.
Man with no glasses on a bicycle.
a man catching a ball.
A man in a red hat playing baseball.
the motorcycle on the left.
the leftmost motorcycle.
A man in a buttoned up shirt.
A man who stand in the middle with grey shirt.
The horse being led by the girl in the white shirt.
A horse standing behind a lady that is holding its reins.
A lower bunk bed mattress with a flower design on the sheets.
A flowery bedspread with a stripe down the side.
A young giraffe headbutting another.
A giraffe licking another giraffe.
The back of a man wearing blue jeans.
The back of a man, wearing jeans and a dark top.
A woman in a green shirt pointing to a cake.
Woman in green shirt.
The back end of a car with break lights on.
The back of the car with three lights.
left half of the sandwich.
The half of a sub sandwich on the left.
the elephant in the middle facing the other direction.
an elephant which is standing vertically inbetween two other elephants.
A man pouting in a blue shirt.
A man sitting in the grass.
a woman in capri pants with a guy's arm on her knee.
The woman with her legs crossed.
A person with a blue jacket and hood on.
a blue coat with the hood pulled up.
The table have many things.
A wooden table with several white dishes on it.
an adult ram with horns.
An adult ram standing with it's baby sheep.
A white sign that says STOP.
A rectangular sign with the word STOP on it.
A train with a red roof along its entirety.
A long train with a red roof.
A large trunk with stickers on it.
an old brown trunk that has stickers on it.
The card that looks brighter.
A Birthday Wishes card to the left of another identical card that has a bear holding up a cake on the front.
A person in a blue shirt.
A man in a royal blue shirt trying to catch a frisbee.
A man wearing a blue and black jacket.
a man in a blue jacket.
A light brown horse standing directly behind the smoke.
A man with short hair.
MAN CLOSEST.
A teddy bear with a red shirt and baseball cap and happy closed eyes.
bear wearing red, on right side.
a man wearing orange shirt dark pants red shoes skis and blue goggles on snow.
The man in the orange jacket.
Baby elephant.
A baby elephant stands next to its mother.
The cow with its face closest to barbed wire.
A cow with its face near the fence.
Zebra that is partially unseen behind other zebra.
a brown cow laying down on a pile of hay in front of a pole.
black cow laying on a pile of garbage.
A person in a white shirt standing behind the elephant.
A person standing behind an elephant.
piece of bread nearer to the phone.
A half of sandwich that is not touching a pickle.
a kid with an apple.
a young boy wearing a yellow shirt and holding a green apple.
woman in blue sweater.
Woman wearing blue dress with blue and black jacket holding dark blue bag.
The pizza directly to the man's right.
The front half of Ford truck and two men leaning on the hood of the truckc.
A green and white truck with two men standing at the front.
person in red on right.
A woman in a red t-shirt with her hand by her face.
paper being drawn on.
drawing book.
A green painted stop light.
A green stoplight with Broadway blvd on top.
leftmost white chair.
a pile of white chairs in front of other chairs.
pink bottom right corner.
the pink umbrella to the right.
A little girl in a blue and orange outfit.
cute little girl.
guy in the green shirt.
the hotdog in the back.
A blurry hot dog, slightly obscured by a napkin and hot dog in the foreground.
the third cow  from the front.
A wooden table with a long white plate on it.
A black and red motorcycle parked on a street.
red bike.
baby is seeing somewhere else.
Baby watching for eating.
left hand holding the vegetable to cut.
A GIRL WAS DECORATING THE FOOD.
red color bike in the image.
A burgundy BMW motorcycle with a man holding a drink sitting on top.
book Freedom.
freedom book.
a red bicycle leaning on a tree.
A red cycle kept slanted in a tree.
The sandwich which has lettuce hanging out of it on the top left of the bun.
portion of computer monitor screen visible.
A lit up monitor with an image of grass on it.
Lamb in the middle of the group.
The goat has a red tag that starts with 23.
A woman wearing gray pants.
A blonde woman in a grey vest and black shirt.
wall behind table.
A light blue sedan.
A light grey, older car.
A young girl with a blank expression clutches a heart-shaped purse.
A woman in black and white socks is holding a silver heart shaped purse.
woman in a pink hat.
The woman with the pink hat getting ready to cut the cake.
the middle vase and branches.
The middle decor on the sidewalk in the city.
a snow boarder on the left side of the trailer.
the man on the far left near the front of the vehicle.
the back of a truck.
A man with a helmet riding on the back of a motorcycle.
A man holding onto another man while riding on the back of a motorcycle.
A baby elephant with his back to the camera.
A small elephant in a ditch.
A bowl with limes in it.
A white bowl containing shrimp, slices of lime, and a fork.
Motorcycle rider wearing dark clothing.
A police officer on a motorcycle.
The arm of a sofa that is mostly outside of the frame.
The arm to a love seat that is directly in front of the television.
A person in red shirt smiling and excited about the pizza.
A person in a red shirt.
A woman wearing a black shirt and gray sweatpants.
the woman in black jacket and grey pants.
the front elephant in the right hand picture.
an elephant leading another elephant which is holding its tail.
The back of a brown and yellow chair sitting on an angle.
A woman wearing a blue dress walking behind a horse.
A woman next to a fire hydrant and a horse.
A small fridge with blue designs.
the small fridge with blue stickers.
the middle of the three zebras.
zebra in the middle of two other zebras.
A man in a black shirt with lettering on it,.
Man holding a sign.
mean wearing shirt that reads Grant.
Man with white vest with the name 'Grant'.
giraffe stands in zoo.
There is giraffe standing with a black hair tail.
Man with open mouth.
man in blue striped shirt.
The larger of two pizzas.
pizza with green veggies.
The man on the mound with the mitt on his hand and in the position to throw a ball.
Young man pitching baseball.
A blue bike in front of a red door.
a cycle that is near the entrance of the building.
A carrot sitting on top of some other carrots.
The carrot that is on the white plate and closest to the tiny carrot.
The red vespa or motorcycle being riden by two people.
A RED COLOR SCOOTER DRIVING BY A MAN WITH HIS GIRL FRIEND.
The black chair is wearing yellow rubber boots.
A black chair in yellow boots.
A girl with hand bag talking to a man.
a women seeing in phon.
A person wearing a white shirt.
The person in the white shirt cut off in the picture.
A brown horse with a dead tree behind it.
horse looking toward camera.
toothbrush on the right.
A toothbrush with blue/green handlegrip and blue and green bristles.
A small blonde girl in a pink shirt and jeans.
A girl in a pink shirt looking at a frisbee.
little bowl of red sauce.
A white ramakin of tomato sauce sitting next to a plate with food.
The Campaign glass on the far right containing a dark liquid.
Glass to the right of the other glasses.
An outdoor bench with no one sitting on it.
Multi car train.
A black train in the background.
a man leaning against a barrier.
A man in a t shirt leans on a railing while standing by a dog.
A BROWN COLOR JACKET AND DENIM WEARING LADY RIDING HORSE.
man who riding horse wearing brown coat.
The table under the banans and cherrios.
The table on which the bananas and cheerios are kept.
a sail boat in the foreground.
A boat that is closer to shore.
The couch on the right facing towards the camera in the corner of the room.
A floral couch with one pillow.
A plant in a red pot.
red pot with plant.
This is a pillow with a floral print.
A pillow on a chair.
A man with glasses and a hat in a gray sweater holding a toddler up to feed a giraffe.
A man in a gray jacket holding a young boy.
the zebra in the back of the group, all the way left.
the leftmost zebra.
the red sleeve of someone's ski jacket in the left corner of the photo.
The red kite the man is holding.
an orange kite.
A child in a striped green shirt taking a bite out of a hotdog topped with onion rings.
a boy with white hair and wearing lioht green t-shirt.
the sandwich on the top left.
The elephant in the front of the line.
Elephant with a red cloth draped over its back, carring a couple wearing white shirts.
The box on the carrier right of other two boxes,.
The largest chest.
Smiling man with long hair wearing a jacket.
A man with a goatee in front of his computer.
A metallic green chopper motorcycle.
A green and black motorcycle sits stationary among other bikes.
A Red & White bus with a number X2.
A red and white bus.
a boy turned away from the camera on a skateboard.
A particularly decorative ceramic bull statue with red hooves at the end of a line in a display, sculpted with head held high.
Statue of cow, red and light blue, with dark brown nose.
a train chair across from two men looking at a laptop.
An empty seat on a train with a clipboard in it.
train numbered d2911.
lemonade.
The glass with the drink that has lemons in it.
a blue baseball stadium seat marked number 48.
A blue seat at a baseball game with the number 48 on the back.
The tank of the toilet.
The top of the toilet.
the white couch.
patterned couch on right wall.
A large airplane outside a terminal at an airport.
Standard airplane waiting at the terminal.
A light blue and white train.
The teal train.
multi-colored circles on poles to the left of a little girl wearing a pink shirt.
A yellow double sink.
A yellow sink.
A mechanical clock set to 4.
A black and white hanging clock with red letters.
Girl with blonde hair and rosy cheeks.
A girl is sitting at a table with wine bottles.
The back of a Ford Explorer as it prepares to make a right turn on a busy city street.
Black car on the left.
The laptop on the right.
laptop on right.
A decorative clock with a red ring in its' desgin.
a woman in a tie dye shirt swinging a tennis racket.
A woman talking on a phone while playing tennis.
SKATING BOY.
Person in black doing skateboard trick in the air.
A glass vase on a table.
A vase with red tissue paper inside of it.
The shortest of the three people standing on skis.
A woman wearing a bright green jacket holding ski poles on a snow covered plain.
A white mug with handle and blue stripes.
A white mug with blue stripes set in front of a steak.
A yellow truck second from the left in a group of trucks.
yellow truckbehind two others and in front of one other.
An oven door.
A flower vase with one flower.
A clear vase with a green stocks flower sitting at a table furthest away from the brick wall.
A person in a blue shirt and blue jeans sitting at a table writing on a pad.
A fat women wearing blue uniform writing something behind a man doing some action.
A white office chair in front of the table with telephone.
The beige rolling chair is next to the table.
A brown color horse decorated.
A baseball player up to bat.
A batter in a black jersey.
An apple sitting on the right.
the rightmost red apple.
A baseball player in uniform stepping up to the plate to bat.
A baseball player wearing blue standing on home plate.
The white horse on the left.
the white horse closest to the people on the side that are walking.
Table shining with sun rays.
A giraffe eating from a box.
two giraffes eating a nice meal.
A GRAVY IN A BOWL NEAR POPCORN.
A bowl of chili with corn in it.
the car with it's back open.
Dark vehicle with back end open wide.
the empty chair next to the boy.
back of a chair next to kid.
The man in blue.
The person in blue jeans.
elephant on right.
The elephant facing directly to the right.
Bear looking down.
The larger polar bear.
Two McDonald's breakfasts' and two drinks on a tray.
A meal on a black fast food tray containing a bowl of soup, a plate with an english muffin/pancake/egg/sausage patty, a cup of coffee, and a cup with a McDonalds logo on it.
the motorcycle with the case on the back.
man wearing a black shirt without words.
A man in black playing Wii.
cushion behind man's back.
One of those things things that they put on bus or airline seats that they can take off and clean. It is behind a man with headphones.
the food that is wrapped in dough touching the beans.
hotdog with cheese and wrapped in biscuit nearest the beans.
The woman who is wearing the lighter blue backpack.
Person with short red hair.
Chair back.
Blue couch sectional in front of the glass table facing the television.
The most visible cushion of the couch facing the long axis of the coffee table.`.
A man sitting behind the man in the tie.
A train with an empty section in the middle.
a flatbed train at a rail yard.
Section of couch touching wall.
A couch with two occupants.
A man having a drink in couch.
A man in short black shorts sitting cross-legged.
A blue truck that says malcolm.
Chair closest to the viewer.
CLOSEST CHAIR.
The back of the flat tv screen on the right side of the room.
A black tv to right of window.
a small vase.
small yellow vase on the table.
White male with buzzed haircut wearing a white colorado long sleve shirt.
A man wearing blue jeans and a white shirt that has the number 8 on it.
a toddler with blonde hair and blue eyes who has a brush upon their head.
A blonde-haired small child.
A woman wearing a cream dress with her back turned.
A woman and man facing each other behind a man on a phone.
A man skiing wearing the number 240.
A man skiing with the number 240 on his jacket and yellow boots.
A green train with 9H55 written on one end.
A cargo train on the center track.
A dark brown rocking chair.
the woman in blue shoes.
A skier with a white ski cap and blue boots.
horse in the right side of the image.
A dark horse below a woman in a striped shirt.
A patio chair facing the corner of a patio table and an umbrella pole.
red outdoor chair on the left of a wrought iron table.
A brown sheep with a white face and white legs, looking toward the camera.
sheep with white face.
A white boat.
A white boat with a black horizontal stripe around the top.
A yellow and black bird standing on the edge of a bowl.
A yellow bird is perched on a bowl.
A polka dotted umbrella.
A MULTI COLOURED PRINTED UMBRELLA IS IN HER HAND.
a car with an open door.
The front portion of the SUV behind the fence.
a lady wearing a denim shirt.
A woman in a denim jacket fixing a man's tie.
The table with the candle.
The wooden table in the back.
BACK SIDE OF A COW AND NOSE PART OF ANOTHER COW.
The back end of two cows behind the two cows in front.
The taller of the three vases with flowers coming out of it.
jar being used as a flower vase.
An empty glass pitcher.
Glasses for drinking.
A white truck with a license plate on the front.
The front end of the white checy truck.
bike in front.
A motorcycle sitting on rollers on a platform in the foreground.
A piece of bran with ham on it.
A piece of meat on top of a bread.
A pizza cutter slicing pizza.
a pizza cutter.
lady with blue jacket.
a woman wearing a black sweater.
A slice of cheese pizza on a plate next to another slice of pizza with onions.
a slice of cheese pizza beside a slice of vegetable pizza.
upper left most brocolli florret.
a piece of broccoli farthest away from the eater.
darkest horse standing in back.
A brown horse standing behind a reddish-brown horse.
The snowboard of the person in blue.
burton snowboard sideways on ground.
The slice of grapefruit fully shown.
A baby in a highchair.
A baby in a high chair with a strawberry bib being fed.
A blue sofa facing away from the camera.
the blue couch on the right.
man in suit cutting cake with woman.
A man in a suit.
The left most giraffe.
Furthest giraffe to the left who's looking down.
A black shoulder bag.
A shoulder bag on the arm of a man who is watching a subway train go by.
A flower patterned couch with pillows.
A white and brown sofa in a dimly lit room.
The couch with the white trim on it.
Couch beneath two men.
The bigger giraffe facing the camera.
a kite being flown.
Orange kite with an orange tail that a man in a black coat is flying.
the red and the white umbrellas.
A colorful block shirt person side of another person.
A person in a red plaid shirt.
a long table behind a girl eating pizza.
The table behind a girl eating pizza.
the edge and leg of table on the left.
the third urinal from the wall.
The third urinal away from the wall.
Broccoli is in a container next to cauliflower and cucumbers.
Broccoli floret with other vegetables in a plastic container.
a bowl of rice, broccoli, carrots and potatoes, with white spoon.
The freshly made couscous salad sits ina  yellow bowl.
car underneath raven.
vehicle roof that a bird is standing on.
The catcher that is right in front of the referee.
A catcher that is mostly obscured by the umpire.
A pitcher on a baseball mound.
a pitcher on the mound.
A sheep's face in the background.
SHEEP'S EYES NEAR TOP OF PICTURE.
Two giraffes standing in a park infront of a sign post.
This giraffe is standing closer to the sign than the other giraffes are.
THE CARROT BASKET ON THE LEFT.
A black and white cow.
A white and black cow standing in between other cows.
A chair that a man with a white shirt sits in.
white chair that the man is sitting on.
A woman dressed in black sitting with a man in front of a red table with a cake on it.
A young woman sitting at a red table taking a slice of a small cake.
A man with a white tshirt, black gym shorts, and brown shoes walking in his kitchen.
a man in a white shirt walking away.
a whole pizza.
A pizza with lots of cheese, bell peppers, chicken and tomatoes.
A black and green carry-on in the side of a cart with other luggage on it.
a half green and half black handbag hanging on a baggage cart.
The baby on the man's shoulders.
A girl sitting on man's shoulders.
baseball player in blue and black jersey and grey and red pants running past first base.
A runner touching first base.
A rammekin of apple sauce.
A side order of applesauce.
WOMAN WEARING GREEN AND WHITE DRESS AND PLAYING TENNIS.
women playing the tennis.
the only woman.
A woman sitting at a table with three men having a meal.
A large carrot touching a green apple.
The longer carrot on the left.
whole table full of food.
the table that the food in placed on.
the dirty apples near the green grapes.
The top banana slice.
Two slices of banana on top of a stack of pancakes.
The person in the yellow coat.
A man in a yellow rain slicker.
The man nearest to the black dog.
blonde girl feeding giraffe.
girl with blond ponytail.
Zebra behind another zebra.
A zebra is standing behind another zebra.
This is a pizza with bacon and mushrooms on top.
A pizza covered in ham on a white plate.
The man in a suit on the right is proppeing his elbow and hand on his mouth.
man sitting on the right side of the image.
Carrot slices.
Carrots on a plate.
The horse on the right.
A horse harnessed with blinders and bridle teamed with another horse to its right.
A MAN WEARING A CAP ON A RAIL WITH A SKATING BOARD.
a young man in a plaid shirt doing tricks on a skateboard.
A man wearing a tie.
A MAN WITH A MUSTACHE WEARING A WHITE SHIRT WITH RED TIE.
brown teddy bear in sofa.
bear on the right in the right hand picture.
table in the black laptop.
A man standing on road with stick.
A man dressed in traditional Asian clothing holding a fishing rod.
A child with blond hair.
A young boy with long blond hair wearing a red striped tee sitting on the back of a bench.
A wach in the middle showing 18:34 minutes.
the watch face in the middle.
tennis player in first photo on right.
a boy standing in front of a man and woman wearing a baseball cap.
A boy wearing a cap and hoodie looking at a phone.
a person in blue shorts.
a woman near to the green color bike.
The second large flower pot of many in a row.
second flower pot back.
A person in a grey sweater facing away from the image.
A woman was standing.
FRUIT SALAD IN CUTE ROSE CONTAINER.
The box with the smiley face food in it.
A black motorcycle whose rider is on it.
The all black motorcycle.
Sandwich slice near glass of lemonade.
a sandwich on right side.
storm trooper flying.
A toy gun man who is on air and about to fall down.
A young boy in a yellow T-shirt and hat with a baseball mitt standing on a base.
A little boy with a baseball glove standing in front of two other children.
A GIRL BABY WAS STANDING THE WOODEN DINNING TABLE  AND POSING THE PHOTOS.
a child.
A girl in a baise shirt pushing buttons on the controller.
A girl holding a remote staring ahead.
man on left.
The man that is on the far left wearing a black shirt and tan half hat.
The middle giraffe in a group of three that is looking away from the camera.
A giraffe that is in between 2 other giraffes standing in treesh and bushes.
A man in a green shirt and jeans holds a kite.
A man in a green shirt flying a colorful kite.
A piece of a sandwich on a plate on the left side of another sandwich half.
The motorcycle under the police officer in the middle.
The right side of the kitchen sink is white and empty.
A white double sink with the side on the left empty.
person on left.
A man wearing red with his right leg outstretched.
Guy wearing black jacket standing next to a woman.
A man standing next to a women and a gold fire hydrant.
a brown and white fur cat.
An orange and white cat lying on a bed.
The plane that has N468W on it.
Blue and white small plane with the identification N4658W.
A man holding a snowboard.
The snowboarder with their coat buttoned up.
A little girl eating pizza.
girl eatting pizza.
Romaine lettuce in a glass bowl.
A clear glass bowl with lettuce in it.
the red umbrella.
A woman wearing a white shirt, black skirt and grey tie reclining on a couch.
A reclining smiling woman wearing a skirt and tie.
A black and metal park bench.
A bench that looks like that boy is resting his arm on.
A table full of glasses, plates, and silverware.
The table top.
A woman wearing glasses and a colorful jacket.
brown woodeb table with plate of food on it.
A dinning table in a room.
Two blue bikes next to eachother with waterbottles.
A blue and white bike.
A man who is riding the bike.
A motorcyclist in a helmet.
a silver audi car.
White car next to truck with Mendon Truck Leasing mud flap.
The beach chair on the left is white and burgundy.
A white beach chair with a red cushion and another beach chair and umbrella on its right side.
BLUE VEHICLE.
a young gray bird in a nest with its mouth wide open.
A baby bird with its mouth open in the nest.
back of chair with clothing on it.
The chair has a shirt draped over the back.
A man sitting on the roadside bench and looking sad.
A man on the bench wearing white shorts.
A man seated on a sofa holding a Nintendo Wii remote.
The man sitting down on the couch.
A zebra eats grass while the young zebra next to it watches it's friends.
a zebra eating grass from a grassland.
A part of a whole sandwich with onions and peppers sitting in tray.
hot and criped bread sandwich served on the table in a paper wrap.
Leopard print shirt on a woman.
A woman in a white shirt with black polka dots.
a young baseball player wearing a helmet.
a young boy in a blue shirt and black baseball helmet taking a swing.
The rock bear in the back.
tallest stone bear.
the horse most right of the camera.
A horse whose head is not visible.
Woman in kitchen wearing a red shirt.
Woman in red shirt.
A blue and gray pillow on the couch.
The back of the couch on which the man is sitting.
A gentleman wearing a brown jacket and khakis jumping over a red fire hydrant.
Man in black coat and tan pants jummping off a fire hydrant.
A younf woman wearing a green shirt eating a piece of pizza with her legs up.
A women wearing green t-shirt and a black pants holding a piece of pizza.
The lower monitor.
A laptop screen below two others.
the watch the man is wearing.
A orange red mug stacked on top of another mug.
big red mug with white spots and white handle.
woman with her dog walking across the street.
The woman in the white shirt and light blue pants.
blurry giraffe on the left.
giraffe partially covered by tree.
A man with a frisbee in his hand.
A black man holding a fribee.
person in back.
The small ziraffe is looking very smart.
giraffe on bottom.
Man riding horse with nothing on his head.
The man without a hat.
The cheesy food item half closest to the two round items.
A bed next to an armchair.
A hotel bed which is closest to the window.
the back skiier in the right hand picture.
The standing skier.
the white ski that's pointing upwards in the top left.
the white ski that's pointing upwards in the top left.
an asian woman having a drink at a restaurant.
The woman wearing glasses.
Three oranges.
Three oranges stacked in a triangle on a plate.
The partially obscured  couch closest to the camera.
A chair near a rug in a room.
A man with tattoos and white shirt, glasses looking at his phone.
A man with one hand in his pocket.
The chair that girl baby in white and pink shirt is sitting in.
Highchair holding baby.
person with striped hat walking away.
A person in a black and white cap walking away.
red chair with blanket on it.
Red leather sofa chair with white throw on top.
Person in light colored jacket and wearing a cap at the end of the line.
the farthest person in the picture.
a gray elephant looking through a fence.
The elephant on the right whose face is most visible.
Brown and white cow with horns.
A mature brown and white cow with horns standing in a grassy field with two other cows.
man wearing white shirt near table.
a person in a white shirt and blue pants.
A chubby man in a green mario shirt sits beside a chubby woman in a pink shirt as she plays Wii.
A man with glasses, wearing a green mushroom shirt.
An arm with dark blue sleeves.
person in dark blue shirt holding a fork.
The hand holding the orange phone.
A person's hand, typing on a phone with a red silicone cover.
The man on the bench is reading a book.
A man with blonde hair and sunglasses sitting on a bench.
a brown horse with its head to the side.
A horse looking at a woman.
man with hot dog.
a man wearing a hat putting a hotdog in his mouth.
black man in tan clothes standing behind woman.
male worker behind the female worker.
A black and white cat lying on its back.
A cat lying on its back.
a blue motorcycle.
The blue motorcycle with a visible headlight.
A mustachioed man and a plate of food that he is feeding a woman.
a man in a blue shirt holding a fork.
Sheep facing away.
The sheep on the right near the rock wall.
elephant in front.
The elephant being ridden by the man in brown shirt.
A baseball umpire in a crouching position.
An umpire crouching down behind the catcher, wearing gray slacks.
A blanket with flowers on it.
A pizza with tomatoes, red onions, green spinach and other delicous looking toppings.
A sliced pizza with vegetables and meat.
A man wearing a cap sitting on a boat.
A man with a hat.
a women wearing brown color top and only left hand is visible.
A woman entering a kitchen to the left of another woman.
man in white shirt.
Elderly man wearing white shirt and sunglasses carrying blue tote bag.
The zebra on the right.
A zebra that is on the right most side of two other zebras.
a man in a blue t-shirt.
A man in a blue shirt.
A car parked behind another car.
A lamb drinking milk from its mother.
A baby goat drinks the milk of a mother goat.
A man in a blue shirt is staring at the floor.
A man in a grey shirt looking at boxes of pizzas.
the table including the pizza boxes.
A table full of pizza.
A woman with red colored bag walking on snow.
Cross country skier wearing red backpack.
A predominantly white bus with 007 on it.
the bus with 007 on the side of it.
A dark seagull with its wings pointing upwards.
Bird farthest to the right with quite a bit of black on its left wing.
A pile of purple plums.
purple plums.
a yellow and red van parked behind a pole next to a large double decker bus.
A red and tan bus to the left of two other buses and behind a column.
A zebra stands in a field in the background of a photo.
bottom half of an out of focus black and white zebra.
plant below bench on left.
The vase in the middle.
fat vase between two more narrow vases.
A pizza that's closest to the viewer.
The dark blue cup.
A BLUE COLORED GLASS.
the woman with the blue coat.
An older woman standing infront of a horse.
a brown cow eating off the ground behind a young boy.
A brown calf eating.
A woman in black pants and gray and red shirt wearing glasses.
A woman in a red and grey long sleeve shirt teaching to block a frisbee being passed.
An orange shopping bag with white lettering that says Comcast.
Red reusable Comcast bag.
plate of pizza in front of man.
A plate with pizza in front of a man holding a knife and fork.
A little girl who is being held by a woman under an orange umbrella.
A young girl in polka dots clutches a balloon.
A batter.
A baseball player swinging the baseball bat.
rear end of a bus on the street.
The bus in the center.
A boy.
boy looking at a cake with candles.
A young adult grinding on a rail on top of his skateboard.
boy balancing on metal stand.
A man who wears blue jacket and holds a brown doll in his hand.
An athlete holds a teddy bear.
A man in a pink shirt holding a blue cup.
man wearing pink shirt.
a man with a grey hoodie with his hands on a laptop.
Man using the computer sitting on the table.
A catcher wearing a white uniform behind home plate and preparing to catch a baseball from the pitcher.
A catcher in a baseball game with a referee behind him, crouching to catch the ball.
A jacket that is kept on the orange suitcase.
A backpack that is blue on the side and orange on the bottom.
A player watching his team mate hit in the batting cage.
BASEBALL PLAYER WATCHING IN DUGOUT.
A sheep between two others.
A sheep with black eyes, eyes and mouth.
A dark blue car near a man holding a camera.
a dark colored car.
The Vespa that is parked up on the sidewalk on this side of the rainy street.
Scooter sitting unattended on the street.
A black office chair upon which a young man in a black shirt sits.
A black office chair upon which a young man in a black shirt sits.
a man in a black suit, blue shirt and red tie.
A man wearing a blue dress shirt, red tie with red and purple polkadots, and a black jacket.
A man with jeans and a grey shirt.
The man in the blue jeans and white shoes.
A man with a bald head near a man in a striped shirt.
The younger bald man with the mole on his right cheek.
A bowl of condiments on a plate.
Bowl of food on a plate.
The person wearing the gray shirt.
The person sitting in the back in a gray shirt.
the man with glasses.
Man in foreground wearing glasses and black t-shirt.
The blurred person in the back wearing all dark clothing and glasses.
the chef in the back with tattoos.
the chair in which the man with spectacles sit.
The floral chair with a white blanket on it.
The giraffe standing in the middle.
A giraffe in between two other giraffes.
A white delivery van stuck in traffic.
A white minivan in a rear view mirror.
The man in brown t-shirt looking at his phone.
Middle aged man with glasses using a cell phone.
The woman in the green coat.
Lady in green sweater taking a picture of flowers.
wooden table holding pizza plate and a glass of water.
the left side of a man's yellow and blue shirt in front of a boy.
A man in a yellow baseball uniform half off screen.
a small zebra standing behind two zebras drinking water.
little zebra behind two others.
Two door tan Chevrolet pickup truck parked in a parking space.
A rear view of a silver truck in a parking lot.
A white teddy bear being held by a young boy.
Teddy bear in the hands of a little boy with a yellow cap and gray shirt.
a boy who is yawning.
a boy wearing blue eating a banana.
a green bathrub.
An edge of a bathtub.
A woman in a brown shirt holding a Wii controller.
A woman wearing shorts.
A cream-colored chair in front of a red ottoman.
A cream colored chair facing a red footstool.
a boy in a gray shirt and white shorts standing on the edge of a tennis court.
A ball boy at a tennis match.
A bed with a white spread to the left of another bed.
a bed closest to the camera.
bigger house with a white stripe down its face.
A man with cap on his head, is holding a camera on his left hand.
man wearing t shirt named Hard Rock and behind the man wearing blue banian.
Man in orange shirt.
A man wearing an orange shirt and black pants on an orange bicycle near a woman on a bicycle with a few recreatonal vehicles behind them.
A blue surfboard being straddled by a man in a black wetsuit.
The girl in pink ready to play tennis.
The tennis player in the pink shirt.
The man holding the bat, ready to hit the ball.
baseball player with bat.
A gray jet airplane flying lower than another airplane.
A GRAY AIRCRAFT.
an elephant stands beside another.
The darker colored elephant facing to the right.
Batter.
baseball player standing at home plate with baseball passing by.
white and red bus.
The white and red bus.
the bowl with bread.
A sandwich with thick wheat bread in a white bowl.
young girl in a white shirt holding a Wii remote.
The girl standing beside the couch.
man hand with scissor.
A hand with kitchen scissor, bags near the.
a baby eating.
Baby being fed.
red and yellow train.
A red and yellow train.
A man with a grey and white stripped sweater and jeans playing the wii.
A man in a striped shirt playing the wii.
A girl in a purple zip up robe sitting at a table.
child on right.
A glass bottle of vinegar to the right of a bottle with oil.
Mostly empty bottle of vinegar, for salads.
elderly woman being shown something on a flip phone at a table by a young man assuming her grandson.
An elderly woman.
A giraffe which is standing near to the tree.
A giraffe stands next to a tree.
The elephant that you can only see the butt of.
a back of an elephant with a short tail.
man kneeling on floor.
a man in a black t-shirt.
A man in a blue tshirt with a white lanyard.
A man wearing a blue shirt with a white lanyard around his neck.
A bird mid-flight above a river, with its wings out.
a bird flying.
The zebra on the right.
Zebra with eye visible.
A man's arms with an armband on the left one, with hands on a counter.
a person in blue shirt with red letters waiting to be served.
woman about to hit tennis ball.
A women serving tennis ball.
a man looks to his friends mobile.
man wearing black coat.
Older Spanish lady sitting on a cement bench.
An old woman wearing a red jacket and blue and white striped skirt, sitting on cement.
The suitcase at the top of the pile.
A briefcase on the top of a pile of luggage.
The back end of the bus on the far left.
Red bus with two white signs and a yellow sign on the back.
A woman with white hair and a gray jacket.
The gray-haired lady wearing a gray jacket standing in front of the man.
person in white, blue, red, and yellow stripes.
a man wearing striped tee.
Man standing in a red pickup truck lifting a crate into the bed of the truck.
Man with blue teeshirt loading some packets to a truck.
the smaller polar bear on the left.
A baby polar bear.
The computer chair looks black.
Blurry person in light colors.
A human leaping into the air.
a man about to swing.
a girl in black with  a baseball bat.
A child with green rainboots and a yellow frisbee.
A young female child with colorful outwear holding a yellow frisbee.
The tallest of four tennis players.
Tallest woman in the photo.
The stone wall second in line from the closest stone wall.
The 2nd coulumn that plants are sitting on.
A bunch of green bananas.
A BUNDLE OF UNRIPEN GREEN BANANAS.
Zebra resting its head on top of another zebra.
A zebra looking toward the left.
The silhouette of a person's head.
Head in shadow.
A black leather couch.
A black leather couch with three men sitting on it.
blond soccer player in red uniform.
An old asian lady is holding a napkin.
A woman in a dress.
the toilet on the left.
a western type toilet in a hotel or in public place.
The slide for suitcases and cargo out of an airplane.
The converyor belt for the luggage on a white part of the vehicle that carried it there.
bread wedge closest to camera.
A sandwich sitting on a white plate that hasn't been touched yet.
The man with the black leather jacket and black shirt.
The man making a funny face with a thumb up.
The left half of the sink, closest to the camera.
The corner of a white porcelain sink.
A bottle of wine with a tan label.
An older boy holding a baseball bat and finishing a full swing.
A baseball player swinging a bat.
The small child.
A child being held by a woman sitting on a bench.
A baby in teal is holding her hands up while looking at an elephant.
A baby wearing a turquoise top waving at an elephant.
A woman in a blue jacket is picking up a frisbee.
A woman wearing a blue jacket and holding a frisbee about to be attacked by a dog.
Woman's hand holding a wine glass under the man's nose.
Hand of a woman lifting the glass in front of the old man.
Blonde tennis player in a loose red tank top examining her racket.
A young woman wearing a red shirt with a tennis racket.
the cat on the toilet in the right hand picture.
Cat sitting on toilet.
bus.
Bus, 99B, headed to St Andrews.
gray piece of clothing on the chair.
A gray sweater draped on the back of a chair.
Man on right with stripes on his jacket.
A man with shaggy brown hair and a beard, wearing a blue shirt with teal stripes along the sleeves.
Extra large Jumbo Sized Universal remote control.
The largest remote.
A baby wearing an exposed diaper.
The closer baby.
A MAN SKATING ON ROAD WITH FRIEND.
A man skateboarding with his right arm out.
A bench is being sat upon by a man and a woman.
The black horse in the left edge of the picture.
A white bote with black windows that says Alicante.
A mother and her 2 children sleeping.
A mom in plaid.
An elephant dressed in red.
The fact of an elephant with pale spots on her trunk and face with an orange and gold blanket on her back.
The man wearing glasses is tying his red and white striped tie.
A man with glasses with red suspenders.
white dog on ground.
THE WHITE DOG.
An orange in a fruit basket.
The orange, which is with two lemons.
The black monitor.
A black monitor with the picture of a spaceship flying through the air on it.
a man with a red hat.
The man in the white shirt.
A BLACK COLOR GIRL SMILLING THE  FACE WEARING THE PEARL CHAIN.
A table with a laptop in it.
the table with the laptop on it.
far left white cow.
the second cow  from the front.
The girl sitting down.
daughter waiting for mother on the dining table.
The bow currently skateboarding.
A kid in a green shirt.
Large dark dog with purple collar.
The black bog which has violet color belt around it's neck.
A cat standing on the wash basin with its head up.
A black and gray cat standing inside the right sink of a jack-and-jill style sink.
The giraffe in the back.
The adult giraffe with its head bowed.
The giraffe with the horizontal neck.
the side of the lady seen to the far left, wearing short pants and brown sandals.
A woman wearing khaki capris and black sandals.
White sheep standing in back of the 2 white sheeps with pink spots on their back.
A sheep without a red marking straggles along at the back of his flock.
A boy in a red top with a white and blue football at his feet.
A young boy in a red Wisconsin t-shirt kicks at a white soccer ball.
blurry zebra.
An out of focus zebra in the distance.
the person surfing.
The man sitting on the red crate.
The man sitting down.
the right bench.
The large, metal chair sits in front of a desk.
cow behind the other cow.
cow in the back side of the image.
Bowl of food on the dining table.
A baseball player that is swinging a bat.
A baseball player hitting the ball with his bat.
Person sitting on the right side of the table wearing a long sleeved blacks shirt that says EAT.
a man with black T shirt.
TWO SPOONS ARE PLACED IN A LEAF.
Two silver spoons resting on top of each other on a bed of greens.
Car behind screen on far right.
An SUV parked near a tree seen through the sheer fabric fencing.
A bed with white spread on it.
The couch to the right of the tv.
The white car behind the man in the picture.
A car with a license plate that reads 671-DKK.
A horse standing near the fence and other horse on its left side.
A brown horse standing by a black horse.
A blue motorcycle.
A black motorcycle between the car and the silver motorcycle.
A wooden chair with a large cushion on it.
umbrella on far right.
the first umbrella  from the front.
A rainbow striped surfboard.
Multi colored surfboard carried by woman in sleeveless top.
The dog in the collage with its head looking slightly left.
A dachsund with a hat on it, but facing more to the left than the other picture.
Boy wearing a baseball uniform.
A young bout in a baseball uniform with a baseball glove on his hand.
Zebra on right drinking water.
A zebra on the far right that is drinking with two other zebras.
the biggest vase.
a tall, brown, glass vase.
A black suitcase next to a woman on her phone.
Black suit case.
A zebra that is running near the rock.
A zebra not eating grass.
A young man with brown wavy hair that is wearing a green shirt.
A young male with his chin resting on his hands.
The zebra in the front of the row of 3 zebras.
Black and white zebra standing to the front right of two other zebras.
Man in a black and green helmet skateboarding with knee pads on.
A man withe black gloves.
The blonde woman in the black coat with a water bottle in her pocket.
Girl in black coat with red hair.
A sofa in front of window.
A white love seat with two white pillows and a red throw blanket folded on the arm.
The top of a wine glass distorting the stem of another wine glass.
The cup that is mostly unvisible but that you can see the entire rim.
A brown wooden table under a white bowl.
A table made of wood.
Side of a blue and white ship with orange and white floating balls tied to it.
A blue houseboat to the left of the Tennen Gilleleje.
Third hotdog from the left. Lightly cooked.
Sofa teddy bear design.
An armchair in the shape of a teddy bear.
The metal pizza knife with the wooden handle.
The pizza serving utensil.
the back top part of a wooden chair at a table in front of a plate.
a chair with nobody sitting on it.
reflection of the left hand side blue bottle.
Man in black shirt holding up large slice of pizza and a baby girl.
A male wearing black looking down and to the left at the crying child.
A club sandwich on the right side of the plate.
The half of the sandwich that is at the right side of the plate.
A horse with a blonde mane and a large white patch on its face and white on its front legs kicking up dust.
A brown horse on the left pulling some sort of carriage.
pie on end of table.
almost full pie.
A light blue car that is partially shown.
A blue classic car with four doors and windows down next to a red truck.
A boy in a red and blue soccer jersey standing next to two boys and a woman.
A child in glasses in a red and blue striped shirt.
the brown horse in the right hand picture.
A tan horse with light color hair.
The blurry man behind the bear in blue.
The man on the left side of the picture.
A young girl in a green shirt holding a tennis racket while balancing a ball.
A girl bouncing a giant tennis ball on a racket.
center bike with tallest handles.
A motorcycle with a man in a black shirt with white lettering on it.
A fruity dish beside a cake.
A cake with fruit on top and berries in the middle of the top.
A man wearing a red hat kneeling on the ground.
A MAN IN A RED HAT KNEALING DOWN AND ASSISTING WITH A MANS SKIS.
chair on the bottom left.
an empty white chair closest to the tomatoes.
A breakfast sandiwch.
Eggs and vegetables inside of a bagel sandwich.
a brown and tan plush teddy bear on top of a woman's head.
The teddy bear being used as a hat.
A soccer player in a red team jersey with the number 10 on it.
A man with the number 10 on his uniform.
A zebra standing to the right in a grassy plain.
The zebra on the right.
A giraffe lying next to a tree on a bed of straw.
Giraffe, laying down next to a tree.
A brown and white cow eating hay.
A cow is eating hay.
reclining chair in corner.
A bluish-gray lazy-boy reclining chair.
A beige, beach-themed soap dispenser decorated with seashells and starfish images.
A hand soap dispenser.
the brown and white horse with stars on his rear.
A large brown horse with white legs and black mane, with a woman in green walking next to it.
Ferry boat to the right.
boat closest to the camera.
Someone wearing a beige baseball cap.
boy with brown hat with his father staring intently down at something.
Decorated couch sitting directly in front of a television set.
The grey sofa with full back fabric of a busy cream-colored pattern of stripes, squares and arrows.
a table of plates at a pizza place.
A brown dinner table behind another dinner table.
the man in the hat watching the tennis player.
A boy in blue holding a tennis ball.
woman in green sweater sitting on bench.
A woman in a green shirt.
The couch with the cat on it.
the black sofa with the cat on it.
The bench behind the batter.
bench that is directly behind boy.
Fern plant inside of building.
Dark green plant over a counter behind a woman with her hands on her chin.
A man to the left of a woman with red hair.
A man with curly hair on the left of a woman and another man.
A man in a hoodie smiling with a cell phone.
The boy with the multi-color hoodie with a phone to his ear.
dark pink large umbrella.
a solid pink umbrella.
A man in a blue shirt and cap standing next to a colorful fence.
A man standing side of the road watching the horse.
A white dress on a woman next to a table.
the womans dress.
A pewter colored folding chair.
A woman in blue jeans and a blue tank top standing in the kitchen.
A blonde woman wearing a tank top and blue jeans.
Green and cream colored bowl with carrots and celery.
A silver bowl with veggies in it.
A tall giraffe that is facing forward and standing upright by itself.
A yellow train at a station.
Yellow train stopped on the side track near a purple and blue train.
Half of a sandwich towards the back of a plate.
The half of the sandwhich nearest the carrots.
the tip of an apple.
yellow apple in the background.
a chair have black color & a white carrybag is here.
A black chair with a white bag on it stating you are in little Italy.
a zebra touching another zebra that is facing the opposit of the group.
The zebra that is facing right and standing furthest right.
A zebra in center.
The zebra in the middle of the picture, between the one on the bottom of the frame and the top. this one is moving right in the picture.
The laptop behind the beer bottle.
A laptop with a blank screen.
A man standing on a stand in front of an elephant contemplating if this was a good idea.
A man standing on a platform beside an elephant.
A woman in a purple wig and fairy wings.
A girl with purple hair and angel wings in ski gear.
red tie.
Red color tie which is placed near the rose color tie.
skis at bottom.
The skis without a person attached.
A beautiful hen.
A cock with black and white color combination, is running in a race.
Grey/black bag touching striped cat.
The black bag next to the lighter cat.
A baby brown lamb looking through a green fence.
The little brown sheep.
The black chair to the right of the woman that is in front of the green trash can.
A black chair at a table.
A black color car with a brake light.
A black car is back of white car.
A wooden chair closet by this picture.
A chair extreme left.
black car near to the yellow car.
a black car next to a yellow taxi.
A giraffe sitting in a zoo.
A giraffe sits down in front of another one.
The rooster is a dark color with a few brown specks.
Black chicken.
The Father elephant standing next to the baby elephant.
Large elephant with tusks showing.
Partial image of a plate of shrimp and food.
Broccoli piled on top of some food.
Vintage red ERF Truck.
A red truck labeled Dent's Transport.
the couch that the boy with glasses is sitting on.
The sofa that the boy in blue is sitting on.
The green umbrella.
A green umbrella with flowers printed on it.
A woman wearing a white top and a yellowish skirt.
A woman wearing a skirt.
Baby boy wearing a gray jumper.
a young baby.
the table the buffet is on.
The table cloth under the buffet.
the front bike in the right hand picture.
The orange motorcycle.
SHORTERE GIRAFFE.
Giraffe facing other animals.
Man in black leaning over just out of sight of the camera.
the man on the left's back.
Reflection in the mirror directly behind woman on the counter.
the original mirror image of a girl sitting on the bathroom sink.
The zebra furthest from the antelope.
A zebra with its front legs in the air.
Zebra in the middle between two full grown zebras.
A zebra standing behind two other zebras.
A blue boat with a canopy being rowed by a man.
A small blue boat in the water with two men on it.
A right-handed Oakland Athletics batter follows through on a swing.
A BASEBALL PLAYER IN A BLACK JERSEY HITTING THE BALL.
the purple umbrella.
A purple umbrella is being held above a girl in a pink shirt.
The fry on top of the pile of fries.
The french fry on top of the stack with 4 darker lines on it.
A man skateboarding down a ramp.
This is a guy in gray pants that is skateboarding.
A grey remote control.
television remote.
A blonde fluffy dog looking out the window of a passenger car with a small blue and pink bow on top of its head.
white dog inside the car.
A bathroom sink that is furthest from the wall.
the sink at the far right side.
A yellow, double level bus.
A large bright green double decker bus.
A white truck with KBS is parked in front of two other vehicles on the street.
large white KBS vehicle in front.
Giraffe on the left side reaching for food.
The giraffe on the left.
The green vase in between the other two pieces.
Large plain vase between two smaller decorated items.
horse with braided tail.
A brown color horse with short tails tied with some ribbons running fast in a race.
A man wearing black t-shirt and white pant holding something in his hand.
A man wearing white pants.
A cup with coffee inside.
The cup of coffee in front in between the bowl of salsa and the quesadillas.
A riderless black motorcycle parked sideways in front of a brick building.
a black motorcycle parked in front of a brick house.
Half of a sandwhich closes to the pickle.
open laptop computer being used my a man in glasses and a blue jacket.
laptop.
dog on the right side.
A dog lying with its head on the blanket.
A hotdog with condiments on it.
the sandwich next to the thumb.
A laptop screen showing computer code.
An open laptop sitting on a stand on top of a desk.
Bike on the left secured to a pole.
A black bicycle tied to a street pole.
A sheep eating grass facing away from the camera and closer to the building.
There is one sheep is eating grass infront of a home.
A teddy bear with a ribbon bow around its neck.
A teddy bear with a large hat next to a wise bear.
A man in white cooking attire making what appears to be pies.
A chief in white uniform preparing pies.
A small blue umbrella is being held by the smiling toddler.
A light blue parasol.
A piece of pizza furthest away from the sauce.
The biggest slice of pizza.
The person with sunglasses and a black long-sleeve undershirt.
A man in a light blue shirt.
An unoccupied table next to an occupied table.
A bunch of bees on a fire hydrant on the side of a road.
A bee hive situated on a rusted fire hydrant.
The surfboard of the young man with black hair.
A balck and orange cat laying down.
A dark tortoise-shell colored cat.
Playground equipment, possibly a balance beam.
The blue bench in front of the drunk man.
A fire truck with a ladder on it.
A fire truck facing to the right with its fire hose unrolled.
Orange board the man in blue is carrying.
An orange snowboard.
woman in yellow on horse.
woman in yellow shirt riding a black horse.
A blue and yellow stripped couch with its back to the TV.
A striped couch.
The chair closest to the wood couch.
A wooden chair with a green pad in it which is facing the corner of the room, not the futon.
The empty chair just behind the cat.
The chair behind the chair with a cat.
A snowboarder standing next to a skier and staring off into the distance.
person next to skier.
blue and white bike with stevens on it.
A white and blue bike next to a black bike.
the horse that is not in front of the man.
MAN WATCHING THE WOOL CUTTING.
A man wearing a hat.
Black aircraft hanging from the ceiling in an airplane facility.
a black plane hanging from the roof.
A McDonald's cup of coffee with a brown lid on it in front of his food.
A brown and black coffee cup.
CLOSEST FLYING WHITE BIRD.
The closest seagull to the camera.
The elephant in the back is standing on its hind legs.
The elephant on it's back lags directly behind the elephant on all fours.
a chair.
An empty chair at a desk.
White surfboard with red and black fins.
A WHITE DIVING BOARD.
A white dish with carrots, greens, and meat.
the bowl in the right.
small silver bowl on the right.
a baseball player about to hit the ball.
A child at bat in an orange shirt and grey baseball pants.
A batter.
A baseball player in white clothing breaks his baseball bat.
boy wearing a red t shirt and keep on running.
A YOUNG BOY IN A RED SHIRT RUNNING.
A sheep stands in front of another sheep.
A woman on the bus in the middle of two people on the phone.
Woman wearing sunglasses and a purple and black plaid shirt talking on the phone while sitting next to a woman in a white t-shirt on a bus.
A man eating pizza.
man eatting pizza.
A skateboard that has been lifted off the ground by a man doing a trick.
The skateboard the skateboarder upfront is riding.
A white toothbrush with a green handle.
The toothbrush with the green grip that is facing away,.
A mother white polar bear with her baby nuzzling her.
The big mama bear.
A man on a bicycle.
a man on a bike.
wine glass in woman's hands.
A wine glass in the right hand of the lady.
Zebra grazing on dry grass.
A zebra in front of another slightly smaller zebra.
Black suitcase on carousol.
A black piece of luggage behind a blue piece.
mum with her child in her arm before a pissa.
woman wearing yellow and white shirt.
Woman in a light colored skirt and blonde hair looking at her phone and smoking a cigarette.
A SMOKING LADY WHITE COLOR HAIR SEEING HER MOBILE PHONE.
Male child in a short sleeved yellow shirt with a collar.
Mid size giraffe with his family outside of a barn.
the medium sized giraffe on the left.
the wooden chair at the table.
an empty chair with a cup in front of it.
A girl with pink over coat seeing down on her bag.
A woman with black hair wearing a pink jacket.
A white bird with its wings spread.
bird on right, with wings fully extended.
A picture of a pizza that is shown on a box.
A picture of a pizza on a pizza box.
placemat under the sandwhich.
Bus 55.
the large double decker bus that says Tiverton 55.
A woman with a purple shirt sitting next to a woman dressed in black.
backside of a blonde haired woman sitting in a red chair.
An orange star carrot.
Carrot shaped like a star.
Middle urinal.
the middle urinal in the right hand picture.
A BABY GIRL IS TAKING FOOD FROM A PLATE WITH FORK.
A girl wearing red baniyan is looking on food in the plate.
The man wearing the tie.
a guy in glasses with a tie on.
girl with the stripped pattern on head whose face cannot be seen.
A child with a Hannah Montana backpack.
A white chair with a tennis racket on it.
A wooden chair with white cushions.
The white urinal in the forefront of the photo.
A urinal with two other urinals behind it on the same wall.
small dark tabby cat.
dark cat on right.
Brown suitcase next to a dog.
Brown briefcase.
A man who is holding a child.
A PERSON HOLDING A SMALL CHILD.
Bowl with only curry in it.
Entire windshield of the first rider's cycle.
clear wndshied on secon bike.
White keyboard on table in front of a laptop.
An Apple wireless keyboard with white keys and metal chassis.
A fire truck platform.
an empty chair next to a girl.
An empty brown chair.
Man with glasses and facial hair posing for photo.
A smiling man wearing glasses and a suit jacket.
sleeping cat on desk.
A WHITE CAT ON THE TABLE IN LYING POSITION.
The leftmost computer monitor that is being blocked by the white lamp.
Monitor that is closer to the books.
A baseball player who just threw a ball.
Man throw a ball.
A large stalk of broccoli in the white bowl.
a piece of broccoli in stirfry.
Two surfboards, one white and one yellow, sit on top of a red and white van.
Surfboard on top of another surfboard on top of van.
A man with gray T-shirt.
A man in a grey sweater and black jeans performing a skateboarding trick.
The giraffe that has his head on the underbelly of the tallest giraffe.
A giraffe cleaning another giraffe.
An airplane with the word American visibly written on it.
A jet with American spelled out on its right side.
Top of a reddish pinkish umbrella.
The top of an umbrella.
A skateboard being propelled through the air.
Skateboard in the air beneath rider doing a trick.
The child in the foreground who is wearing skis that is wearing a green and gray coat.
The skier wearing the green jacket.
A black and brown dachshund standing on a bed.
A black and brown dachshund.
A right leg snowskate of a women.
giraffe on the right side.
giraffe on the right.
a man wearing white colour shirt.
A tall person walking away behind a lady with umbrella.
A clear glass of water.
a goblet with a few ounces water.
Vegetable pizza on a table, with one peice sliced.
broccoli above the piece of baby corn.
Broccoli on top of the corn.
portion of wicker chair with back toward camera.
a blue car parked on the side of the road.
a blue car in the backgroun and a man holding his phone to his ear.
A man holding a large donut.
A man with a beard and a red baseball hat.
A man with a orange t shirt and blue shorts.
a man smiling.
Footlong hot dog on a paper boat on a red trey with onions on it.
An extra long hot dog on a bun, with onions.
The coke beside the blue cup.
A young child playing the wii console.
kid with Wii controller.
The guy in the middle with the curly hair.
man in the middle of three with black t-shirt and bat.
a man in a blue shirt.
Man in back wearing blue shirt.
A boy wearing a blue shirt standing at bat.
The boy in blue swings a blue bat.
A woman drinking a beer at a bar.
Woman drinking beer.
A man with a black suit.
The man with a jacket sitting on the stool.
The hand and arm holding a glass that is having wine poured into it.
Hand holding a wine glass as it is being filled.
Some baseball bats are leaning against a bench.
Tall dark wine bottle labelled belazu on counter behind sliced pizza.
Round bottle of olive oil behind a cut pizza.
Soccer playing boy in the white t-shirt.
boy in white polo shirt and black shorts, running.
Man with grey hair holding white controller.
Older European man holding a Wii controller.
a man wearing a blue jacket sitting on a bench with three other people.
An older gentleman in a blue jacket, brown pants and striped shirt.
The bus to the far left.
A blue and white public transportation bus with and advertisement.
A small black and gray Dell laptop computer on a white table.
A small Dell laptop running Linux.
man wearing red jacket.
A woman in a red ski jacket skiiing.
The person barely in the frame on the left.
A woman standing in front of the stuffed graffe in sliver sandles.
A white vase that is located on the edge of the picture.
white cylinder to the left of the vase.
The top of a bun.
A sauce covered bun lies next to the rest of a saucy meat sandwich.
A tv has a video game on it.
flat screen tv.
a zebra behind another.
zebra closest to patch of grass.
The slice of pizza toward the bottom.
a cut piece of pizza.
emergency exit door of bus.
A cow looking at the camera to the right of another cow.
brown and white cow in shade close to the fence.
The man standing up in the sweatshirt.
PERSON ON LEFT.
A woman wearing sunglasses.
a woman touching an elephant's head.
a women with white dress.
The guy wearing a white shirt.
the man wearing a helmet driving a motorcycle.
The man on the motorcycle.
the train in the back.
A solid green umbrella.
A dark umbrella in between two other umbrellas.
A man with a stipped shirt and brown pants sitting beside a rug with a skull on it.
the man in the black and white striped shirt.
boy with red shirt in the right bottom side of the image.
the person in red shirt with the white collar standing next to the one with the black and white shirt.
woman on green t-shirt standing on back.
zookeeper looking suspiciously at the giraffes.
A grey bowl with a handle with veggies in it.
The bowl with green beans in.
A smiling man in a white button up shirt with a black tie and glasses.
A man wearing a white shirt and tie and a woman wearing white pearls and a dark top.
A Orange backpack.
A blue and gold backpack.
a man in yellow shirt bending over.
The bench in the foreground.
the bench that is closest to the camera.
the woman with the blonde hair in a pony tail.
A woman with a bright blond ponytail.
A white boat with a mast on its side.
Sailboat that has washed to shore, abandoned with its sail pole up, but no sails.
a pair of scissor with a black handle to the left of three other pairs of scissors.
Black handled scissors with silver body, facing the opposite direction from all the other scissors.
A red car with its hatchback open.
A woman and man holding a drink and food.
A white porcelain sink.
WASH BASIN WITH 2 TAPS.
A plate full of shrimp, rice, and broccoli.
A plate of food with shrimp and broccoli.
A young man with a tablet and a skateboard, sitting between two other people.
A young boy holding and looking at a tablet that is resting on his skateboard.
A traffic light at the ST end of the sign.
the signal lights.
white color cow standing in the left side.
A cow that is standing to the left of a cow that is sitting down.
television screen showing a golf game.
monitor displaying golf game.
A young woman standing with striped dress.
A woman wearing a striped shirt.
The food is cooked on the plate.
the white first plate in the right hand picture.
Rightmost set of skis behind blue snowboard.
the pair of skis on the back side of the stand seen behind the blue Burton board.
monitor in the back turned on.
the last monitor  from the front which is switched on.
There is a singnal board showing the stop sign.
The stop sign.
the second man from the left side of the image.
a boy in a tie.
A white cat laying on a bed.
White and a little brown spotted kitten laying down on bed.
The teddy bear with red color in its mouth with another teddy bear on its chest.
a crazy looking bear with its tongue out.
A bride in white gown.
bride.
Smiling boy sitting on the ground with skiis on and a black tobogan.
The child wearing skis.
A baby girraffee hidding.
a baby giraffe with its head hidden behind its body to the left of an adult giraffe.
boy in blue tshirt and black shorts swinging tennis racket.
A boy wearing a black hat.
A woman wearing glasses in a gray shirt puts food on her plate.
A woman with white and gray striped shirt dishing food.
A long green and whit plan at a an airport.
A white & green  plane with the word Arrow  cargo on the side.
half of a pizza with some red meat and a lot of cheese.
the pizza piece on the right side.
a piece of green broccoli on a table by a baby.
The broccoli to the right of the child's ear.
Half of a sandwich sitting to the right of its' other half.
A half of a sandwich to the right of the other half.
The chair that the man in front of the bar is leaning on.
A stool with a man holding onto its back.
A green colored plastic chair is in the image.
the chair which is visible fully.
brown chair behind the princess.
A brown couch is in a room with several books and other people in it.
a child is sitting on a white chair with a smile.
A baby girl sitting in a high chair laughing withe her hands on a glass countertop.
gray vehicle just behind the elephant.
A gray relief jeep with an elephant in front if it.
The man is laughing with open mouth.
A piece of garlic bread on the left.
A piece of toast that has been cut on the side sits next to another piece of bread.
A wood chair behind he girl with the striped shirt.
Wooden chair with children on it.
The dog with his ears down.
A light brown pekingese looking up.
Woman holding a pastry between two men eating ice cream.
Woman in middle.
The top left surfboard on top of the other surfboard.
surfboard closest to person.
The plants in the cistern of the toilet.
the plant with the red and green leaves.
A man in a striped tie.
Bird on the right, whose head is pointing toward camera.
bird facing camera.
A Man with helmet is sitting on the horse.
New York City policeman wearing blue helmet sitting atop a horse.
Bar table nearest flipped bench.
A black bear stepping up on a vehicle.
A small bear is standing up with its feet on the trucks running board.
A woman in white holding a parasol with her arm outstretched.
A woman wearing a white dress holding a fan umbrella.
A man with a blue hat, with one foot on a snowboard.
The person in the middle of the photo with a dark colored snowboard wearing a two-tone anorak.
RED COLOR TRAVEL SUITCASE  WITH STAR DESIGN.
the red suitcase.
A woman wearing a brown satchel standing.
The messenger bag that the person with a black vest over a white shirt has on.
orange under the black instrument.
the pumpkin directly underneath the black thing.
A dog resting on the ground holding a stick.
A BROWN COLOR DOG STICK IN THE HAND.
An elephant standing close to and behind another elephant.
elephant nearer to the middle of the photograph.
pizza with zucchini and parsley toppings.
Uncut portion of meal.
The larger of the two giraffes.
Two giraffes having a photo taken.
Red sedan parked on some grass.
red car.
a women in the water.
A teenaged girl with a black top in the water by a rock.
The keyboard on th elaptop that has no markings or stickers in the wrist rest area.
black car with only front half visible.
blue car parked next to the parking meter.
black chair.
A black chair in the livingroom.
A dinette set.
dining room table in the kitchen.
A lady with blue tabk top and black should bag standing at the right end.
woman on the right in the right hand picture.
the chair and floor in the right hand picture.
The legs of the table that has a box on top of it an also part of the carpet next to the cat.
The only brown cow, between both of the black cows.
The lightest of the brown cows.
A woman in a yellow coat looking at her pink phone.
Dark-haired woman in a yellow coat typing on a pink phone.
A yellow round food with a hole on top and white goo over it.
filled doughnut.
a little girl licking cake off her fingers.
A young girl wearing a blue tank top licking her thumb.
Black chair in lower left of photo.
black couch in the left bottom side of the image.
a woman wearing a green top.
A women is turning her head and smiling.
the sheep on the right.
Half of a sheep face.
bottom view of closest toilet to camera.
A white toilet in front with three other toilets behind it.
A white mug with blue lettering on it.
A white coffee mug with a purple logo.
A yellow dog wearing a tie.
A white dog sitting on a carpeted floor and wearing a black tie.
A lady in black dress and blonde hair is surfing in yellow surfingboard.
person standing on yellow surfboard.
The bed farthest away from the table and chairs.
A person wearing a blue shirt.
TWO BOYS PLAYING THE GAME  WITH GRASS.
A red notebook opened up.
Open red binder.
A face of a man.
A bald man in sunglesses standing behind a lady taking a picture of a donut.
back side of a yellow bus in front of the same bus. Picture was taken on 14/5/2006.
back corner of bus on right.
A slice of pizza bigger than the others.
last full slice of pizza on plate.
A zebra standing few meters away from another two zebras.
The single zebra.
A colorful stuffed bear.
A small yellow teddy bear with pink and yellow ears, and green and purple arms.
Man with a green shirt.
A man in a green shirt petting an elephant.
The back right cup of ice cream.
The back right cup of ice cream.
There is a two wheeler vehicle is placed in front other three vehicles.
a motorcycle with a black seat and black rims in the front of all the others.
black blur in the background.
an elephant at the front end of a line of elephants next to an elephant with no rider.
THE RIGHT HANDED PITCHER WEARING THE CHARLESTON JERSEY.
The gentleman wearing a jersey that reads Charleston. He is throwing a baseball.
A zebra which is standing from the right side.
The grey couch with the black pillow.
A white couch with a black throw pillow.
A surfer wearing a black shirt and light bikini bottoms.
A young asian man sitting on a bench with a skateboard next to a young woman.
A seated man in a light-grey sweatshirt tilts a skateboard up with his foot.
A surfer falling off his board while trying to ride a wave.
The person at the top of the wave.
A gray two seat sofa.
the purpleish sofa in the back.
The table which behind the child who is admiring the boodles.
TABLE TOP BEHIND LITTLE GIRL.
The bus with 5143 printed on the front.
A passenger bus with FIVE STAR written on its side.
the larger zebra with his face on the side of the other zebra.
zebra on the right.
girl in pink shirt.
A girl in a red t shirt learning how to bat.
A man in red holding a coke and hot dog.
The image of the man holding the food and drink, including the background up to the top of his head.
fur pig.
blue stuffed animal.
orange carrots on the counter next to the cat.
the second carrot from the left under the H.
a blue cup.
A green mug with a flower in it.
A giraffe is getting feed by a child.
A giraffe with its tongue out, being fed by a young boy.
A man in a blue shirt.
A father sitting cross legged, giving his children something.
A dirty toilet with a gray pipe protruding.
A person standing near to a girl only legs are visible.
A person wearing jeans and a sweater standing near a child.
A hot dog with relish.
the smaller hot dog with a lot of relish.
A giraffe with its neck bent towards its body.
A giraffe licking it's left rear leg.
bus next to number 16 bus.
A green and white bus to the right of a second bus.
orange and gold bed spread.
the bed that a woman and cat are laying on.
A wooden bench with a woman on it,.
A bench that a woman is sitting on.
The sausage on a roll on the far right of the plate.
hot dog in burger.
A tall opaque glass of water.
Clear plastic cup filled with water.
a woman, wearing a necklace, pointing at something while looking at a man smiling.
woman with brown hair pointing to the right.
Woman with dark hair.
Bananas in the bowl.
Bananas, with label, in a wooden bowl.
A small bowl with yellow color content in it.
A silver tin with yellow sauce.
A blue chair.
The smaller desk chair that is blue in color.
A little blond haired girl sitting on her daddy's shoulders, watching wild animals.
little gitl on man's shoulders.
A bicycle with a white fender and red reflector.
a cycle with a dog in its basket.
the top 3/4 of a pizza.
a brown horse with golden colour hair on its neck standing beside another brown horse with black hair on its neck.
Horse with blonde mane.
The giraffe whose head is not visible.
The back of a giraffe standing behind another giraffe.
a wooden chair that has things on top of it to the corner.
wooden chair with cushion in the bottom right side of the image.
A table where a man is working.
White table at which man is sitting.
The person laying on the bed.
person laying on the bed.
A brown-haired woman bends to add green frosting to a cupcake.
Woman leaning over table putting icing on a cupcake for a child.
woman in front of the dining table.
A woman with brown hair and light blue shirt with a pizza in front of her.
A yellow and white BMX bike.
A yellow dirtbike flying through the air.
A train engine and passenger car joined.
A green and yellow train sits on a track besides a darker yellow engine.
a man weared white cap.
The muslim black guy with the white cap on his head.
A croissant with cheese next to salad.
A croissant with a slice of cheese in it and a salad next to it.
The slice of pizza on the plate.
A piece of pizza in a plate on a dinning table.
A black umbrella laying open upon the ground.
black umbrella on left.
A red motorcycle parked next to a yellow motorcycle.
The red motorcycle furthest to the left.
Slice of apple touching the plantains.
The first piece of cut apple right next to bananas.
The person sitting at the table of food.
A person touching a sandwich.
A man getting a haircut.
A man getting his hair styled by a little girl.
a young boy in a dark soccer shirt attempting to move a soccer ball with his midsection.
The player in the black and teal jersey.
A Wii controller.
The wii controller in the man's hand.
The shirtless man with the backpack in front of the bench.
A man with camouflage pants riding a scooter.
The blue box with the carrots and beans in it.
bowl of cut carrots and green beans.
Pita bread with tuna placed on top of lower slice of pita bread.
A filled pita on top of another pita.
the white van in the right hand picture.
The white van.
Hands holding a napkin in the background of the image.
A woman with black hair on her cellphone.
A woman with dark hair.
A cassarole in a clear dish with chopped greens on top.
bowl on left.
A mother elephant.
A large elephant walking away with a smaller elephant seen behind it.
A round, dark colored vase with pale pink roses in it.
Vase that the small roses are sitting in.
the table with the paper bag on it.
A brown paper bag in front of girl.
A woman on a subway.
women was smileing in train.
Man in glasses and suit standing at podium.
A man with black colored suit giving speech to the audience.
the broccoli.
Broccoli on top of a white plate.
A panda kite flying in the sky.
A kite shaped like a panda.
The stone bench the married couple are sitting on.
A Rock like sitting object where the couple is sitting.
A cat resting on a sofa looking at the other cat.
A cat sitting in the sofa.
the glass on the lady's hand.
The nearly empty lifted wine glass and curved hand wearing a ring.
Stool to the far left.
a person's arms to the left of a cat.
refrigerator second from the left.
A young child in an orange shirt reaches out to touch a polar bear through the glass.
A young child in orange puts his hand on a polar bear tank.
skier.
The man with the green, white and blue coat is standing on skis.
the lounger farthest from the big chair.
A white document with a blue border.
A batch of documents sitting on a table.
player in white uniform.
A man in an orange and white uniform with a black cap on receiving an award.
A blue hand bag being held by a woman wearing yoga pants and a pink shirt.
Bright blue purse with black trim.
brown leather chair with blankets on it.
browb colour sofa.
full view zebra.
A zebra looking towards the camera.
A black car with it's tail light on.
A dark colored car with a blue rear license plate.
An umbrella in the sand with a green cloth around it.
The red umbrella on the far right of the picture.
The man in the hoodie.
A guy to the left of another guy.
A wooden table with green bottles on it.
The portion of table in which Nuts, disposable glass and beer bottle are placed.
The bowl with the green food in it.
the bowl of apples.
silver laptop keyboard.
the keyboard of the silver laptop.
A kid holding his ski poles out.
A child skier.
the white dish that is by the two apples.
A small white bowl of dessert in the back ground.
the girl.
Lady wearing grey jacket looking to grab an item.
A girl with pink sleeveless tops holding a knife with cake.
a woman in pink.
A white frisbee being thrown by a man in a gray/green shirt.
A girl bending near a cake and posing to the picture.
A woman with black hair in a stripped shirt.
Bike in street.
a monitor laying on top of a laptop.
A table scattered with plates and juices boxes.
pizza and HiC.
A tennis umpire watching a tennis game,.
man in coat and pants observing tennis match.
There is red sofa sat by three people.
a red microfiber sofa with three people sitting on it.
The racket of the player with the pink visor.
The racket that's about to hit the ball.
The bread in the white bowl to the left of the wine bottle.
A white bowl with bread to the left of a wine glass.
Stove and items on top of it.
A stove with glass top burners and some food and a kettle and frypan.
the goat in back.
sheep with the black ace sniffing the soldier.
A large boat without a sail.
white color ship in the back side of the right side of the image.
Woman laughing playing wii.
woman holding Wii controller.
A man with blue color shirt facing back.
Man on the left with blue shirt and brown shorts.
A man in white pants.
a man in white trousers.
Rita's cup.
Shot glass with yellow substance in it.
some guy doing skateboard tricks.
The skateboarder wearing a helmet.
Purple sippy cup for the child is sitting on a table.
a baby water bottle.
An empty wine glass in the background, next to a larger wineglass in the foreground, both of them in front of a woman.
Empty wine glass slightly behind blue bottle.
A baby giraffe drinking milk.
Giraffe bent under other giraffe.
man in a green jacket standing next to sign.
A man in a green jacket.
a black suit jacket.
A man sitting off screen to the left of another man.
an open book resting on the ground.
An open book sitting on the ground in front of a young lady wearing sandals and blue jeans.
The hand holding the smaller cell phone.
the hand on the right holding the smaller phone.
A person serving sandwiches.
foreign woman in green jacket holding bread.
A kid playing base ball wearing green T shirt & white pant with two onlookers.
Youth in a green and yellow sports shirt with white pants, swinging a bat.
Platform boat loaded with equipment.
the flat raft loaded with gear next to a white boat.
a giant US Air Force jet in formation.
The largest airplane in the sky.
The lower legs of some one sitting down, wearing white pants and shoes.
The legs of a tennis referee, sitting high above the court in a chair.
Woman with red purse sitting on bench.
an elderly woman in jeans and blue sweater sitting on a wooden bench.
A cell phone without a camera on the front.
The closed cellphone on the bottom.
The woman sitting at the table.
AN OLDER WOMAN SITTING AT A TABLE REACHING FOR SOMETHING.
An elephant holding up his trunk.
The elephant furthest form the group of people.
a man walking through a zoo.
man in blue shirt walking.
The arm of the man in grey shirt.
A man in a grey shirt is working a machine to produce donuts.
A man standing with his hands on his hips.
A person wearing a pink swimsuit standing just behind a sleeping horse.
Flowered sofa cushions.
A floral couch with a pair of legs and a kitten on it.
Dark gray laptop that is opened and sitting between two other laptops.
a middle sized monitor.
The arm of the wooden chair directly to the laying down cat's left.
older woman.
woman in red shirt hugging the girl.
the flowers attached to the wall.
A bouquet of flowers in a green vase.
Guy with facial hair on chin.
A man with a mustache and beard sitting between two other men.
The opened black umbrella.
the black umbrella sitting on the woman's head.
man in black shirt with hammering nail.
A man with a black hoodie pounding something into a hand.
A glass of yellowish liquid sitting on a reddish brown table next to a cell phone.
A textured vase holds an array of pink flowers.
A dark blue transparent flower pot with pink colour flowers in it.
The wine glass closest to the pitcher.
An animal in the background with only the leg showing.
A white hoof of an animal.
And empty bed with white blankets bundled at the top.
table leg.
the leg of the table.
black reclining armchair.
the black leather chair by the globe.
a green suitcase.
The green luggage.
A person in a red shirt with three white X's on it.
a dark haired man dressed in red t-shirt, black shorts catching a white frisbee.
the dog with its ears down with the black collar.
The dog in the driver's seat.
Two giraffes.
The bigger girraffe.
Two bottles of the same drink with a half-full glass in between them.
Two bottles that says Hildon on it.
Horse with 1 all black foot.
A horse between the red wagon wheels.
A carrot on top of a piece of meat.
A carrot.
The man wearing the darker suit.
A man in a suit receiving an award.
A white van parked.
The top side of a white van that is parked in a driveway.
the police officer who is sitting on the motorcycle.
An officer in a helmet, peering into a police cruiser.
The boat in the middle.
the second boat in a row of 3.
A man in a white shirt packing suitcases.
A man crouching down wearing a white shirt and light blue jeans.
A person ready to go for his skating in his blue dressed wearing a helmet.
A man on a snowboard in the snow.
a balding man wearing a black tshirt and white shorts jumping on to a bed.
a man in a black shirt.
The bench under the man on the left.
A zebra to the left of another zebra.
A zebra grazing to the left of another zebra.
BANANA.
A banana between two others.
Black bear who is looking down.
the catcher.
baseball player in catchers uniform.
A blue and white bus behind children.
The white bus with blue strips.
A woman in white wearing a bracelt.
A woman's arm with orange and blue bracelets.
Someone holding small child.
A woman wearing a black shirt holding a child wearing a blue shirt.
A glass on the table.
A clear drinking glass.
a baby playing with the man.
back of a blonde toddler boy's head.
A woman in a dress.
A bride cutting the wedding cake.
The man in the brown and black clothing at the right of the group.
An airplane in the middle of the formation.
RED COLOR ELICAPTER FLING THE AIR AND SECOND POSITION.
Man in green shirt.
A man in a green T-shirt getting ready to cut a birthday cake.
A catcher crouched down in front of the umpire.
A baseball catcher thrusting his mitted hand outward.
A pink bowl with vegetables in it.
A red plate with sauteed cabbage and carrots on a white and blue striped tablecloth.
A chair in front of a desk.
A dark colored wooden chair to sit in.
snowboard the person in the white hat is on.
orange cat.
orange cat.
A giraffe eating hay.
The giraffe bending over to eat the hay.
A pizza that has pepperoni, black olives, green peppers, and onions on it.
pizza.
The girl with red on.
the girl in the right hand picture.
Elephant whose tail is visibly being held by the elephant behind him.
Brown elephant walking down the street who is second from the left.
The green bicycle has no basket.
a green bike closest to camera.
A man in white shirt riding an elephant.
A man on an elephant resting his arm on his friend's shoulder.
parked car behind the woman in the white shirt.
A red trolley car beside two other trolleys.
A red sighseeing bus behind a blue blue.
A table with two meals, a beer and a wine glass.
plate displaying fish on top of vegetables.
a man having fun.
A man playing video games.
The smaller of the two laptops.
The smaller laptop only.
The cow in the front.
A calf which is to the right of another calf.
a tennis player dressed in white laying on the tennis court.
A squash player on the ground.
A vase containing plants in front of two other similar vases.
Short blue vase on the end.
Silver van surrounded by 3 men.
gray SUV.
Male cop facing away on right.
A cop with his back towards the game walks towards an orange bus.
The man on the right with the red boutonniere.
man in tux.
A woman walking by.
The woman walking on the left.
Serving dish for fruit.
The bowl holding the fruit.
A thin flower vase place beside other fat flower vase.
A man with a white buttoned shirt, black hair, beard, black pants, with a glass in his right hand.
Man in white button down shirt holding champagne flute.
A small sancwhich with white bread.
white bread slices on a layered sandwich.
Several tennis racquets held in a chain link fence.
a yellow tennis racket behind a pink tennis racket.
plant inside the home.
A large leafy plant behind the man in the blue shirt.
A black sheep having its throat cut.
A dead black sheep.
A stove top with pots on top.
cooking range with large pots.
A small giraffe in front of a larger giraffe, with two children standing in front of the enclosure.
the back end of a giraffee where you can't see its head.
A person in blue feeding a giraffe.
man feeding giraffe.
The first apple wheel closest to the chocolate smokestack.
front apple wheel.
A young girl in a red and white shirt plays Nintendo Wii.
The girl in the red and white top.
A woman with short hair and glasses holding a tennis racket standing next to a young boy and a man.
A woman, wearing a black shirt and white skirt, holding a tennis racket.
The man in the red jacket.
A man in a red and white winter jacket walking in the snow behind a snowboarder.
The blue reflection of the breakfast table and the parts of the dishes closest to the middle of the table.
A green plate on which eatables are placed.
train with the number 444 on it.
The second horse in the stall in the picture.
A brown and white horse with it's head over the railing.
A grey suitcase with a red tag.
a gray piece of luggage.
elephant in the back side.
The behind and legs of an elephant.
A man with a ponytail.
The guy with the ponytail holding his hands up.
A couch with bags and coats laid across it.
This is a pink purse sitting on a couch.
A white toilet in a bathroom stall.
A white toilet currently not in use.
The couch on the right, near the window.
couch and chair set shaped in an L formation.
a plastic trey with three hotdogs.
The container that has the three hotdogs in it. The hot dogs have the bacon and cheese on them.
A white strap of a messenger bag.
White belted bag wore by a man who standing first from right side.
A tennis racquet being held by a standing man who is not wearing glasses.
A black and white tennis racket with white taped handle held by man wearing a watch.
A man wearing boxers and a tee shirt, sitting on the edge of a bathtub with his legs crossed.
A MAN BRUSHING IN A BATHROOM WITH BABY.
Loaf of bread nearest the eggplant.
Yellow bananas hanging next to green bananas.
A yellow banana bunch, behind a green banana bunch.
A man with blue t-shirt, playing tennis and hitting the ball.
A man who is wearing a blue colour shirt and a white colour short.
a young child in a camo snowsuit.
A young boy wearing blue and black cap with jerk watching the bus which is on the snow road.
darker bear left.
The large brown teddy bear touching the British flag.
red and green rainboot used at a flower holder.
the large orange and green boot.
a woman in a purple jacket leaning forward on ski poles.
A LADY SMILING WITH HIS FAMILY AND SKATING AND WEARING PURPLE COLOR JACKET.
A black strap on the woman in orange.
a woman wearing a red top looking at a laptop.
The man walking through the frame, not working at the table.
A blurry man not look at the table.
A man in a blue shirt takes a picture of a laptop.
The man with phone.
red color mat on the table.
The table has wine glasses on it.
An elderly man in a blue cardigan standing and holding a controller.
A man wearing a yellow shirt.
A white truck with an open door.
White trash truck with door open.
the girl on the right.
The person sitting on the right.
A kid riding a skate board.
A skateboarder fying through the air.
a girl in black shorts.
A little girl in a white shirt and black shorts kicking a ball.
a surf board in the water with a woman on it.
A woman paddling through the water on a blue and white surfboard.
the man in the blue shirt.
man sitting on the elephant in the blue clothing.
A piece of leftover pizza on top of another piece.
The triangle of food sitting on top of the larger piece.
food box.
A platter with various foods on it.
YELLOW BIKE NEAR THE RED BIKE.
A yellow motorcycle sitting beside a red motorcycle.
a tennis player wearing a white visor.
A lady in all white playing tennis.
Back of bus, labeled 6410.
A bus with the number 6410 on the side of it.
The blurry Mac computer screen at the bottom right.
Blue umbrella held by woman in striped shirt.
A light blue umbrella.
A lady holding a white teddy bear next to two other ladies holding teddy bears.
A black woman holding a white teddy bear.
A light blue kite.
A long kite being flown by children.
A zebra who seems to be kissing another zebra under a tree.
A zebra nuzzling another zebra.
The breadstick on the top of the others.
The very top piece of food.
a blue laptop sitting next to a white laptop.
a blue laptop with a small screen.
A bowl with bread in it.
Plain pieces of toast in a bowl.
the boy in the white shirt.
man in white shirt.
The man is talking to the child about the elephant.
An older white man.
GIRL WITH STUFFED GIRAFFE.
A woman  was smaling.
Gray armchair with a gray pillow on it.
A gray chair with a gray pillow.
further chair.
A person sitting at a table's arms and chest.
person wearing a green shirt.
The woman with black hair, farthest left in the image, wearing only a bra.
A young girl with dark hair in lingerie on a bed talking with another girl.
The baseball player at bat swings.
Left handed batter after a full swing.
The thighs of a woman, clad in jeans.
A young boy serving a tennis ball.
a boy about to hit a tennis ball.
thin wooden bench sitting near table.
thin wooden bench sitting near table.
A man in a green shirt jumps up to catch a Frisbee.
A person in blue jeans and green t-shirt reaching to catch a frisbee.
A zebra swishing it's tail.
This is the butt of a zebra.
Couch against wall with windows behind it.
A green couch against a wall with two windows.
It is an indication that it is a vehicle of state police and STOP is written in red.
A clear sign on a vehicle.
Stoplight in shadow facing to the left.
light signal casing.
Old yellow and white truck parked behind other truck.
A truck that is yellow on the top and white on the bottom half.
peice of meat furthest in the back.
The little slice of food behind the other slice of food.
The large banana.
The banana nearest the strawberries.
arm of a floral chair.
A multi-colored sofa cloth with flowers on it.
The train in the middle.
The middle train cab.
A young man holding a disc.
A curly haired boy holding a white frisbee.
A blue backpack with black arm straps.
A blue backpack with a drink in the side pocket.
A purple motorcycle with a blue license plate.
A purple motorcycle parked perpendicular on the sidewalk, in front of a blue and white motor cycle.
The black chair on the right that the gift back is set in.
zebra farthest to the back.
Zebra that is behind the other two.
PIZZA WITH OMLET IN THE THIRD PLACE FROM THE LEFT.
flatbread on right that has an egg.
an orange ladder.
An orange ladder on the side of a boat.
brown, horned livestock.
A young bull.
a chair was infront of table.
an empty black chair.
the luggage closest to the blue beam.
The brown luggage nearest the blue chute.
The orange truck directly behind the stop lights.
red pick up truck behind light.
An umpire standing behind a catcher.
An umpire in a black and gray uniform.
Shattered toilet on the ground.
The smashed toilet.
The black and tan dog fully shown.
Two black and brown dogs on the back of a truck.
a book lying open on a bed with several of the pages in the air and a pen between the pages.
A book that is open.
A white dog.
a white dog on the couch.
The backside view of a Skoda car with a red band of companies across it, like RadioShack, Leopard, and TREK that also has bikes on its roof.
The car that has many bikes on its roof.
European bus with a roof top being driven in a city.
Double decker bus with national flags decorating top.
A dapper-looking teddy bear with a yellow vest.
A teddy bear with a yellow vest on the right side of the girl teddy bear.
A silver motorcycle sits to the right.
A motorcycle with black and silver trim in front of a Budweiser sign.
The cake that is being cut.
table blue cloth.
A woman wearing a purple shirt lighting birthday candles.
Woman.
a woman standing in the middle of two man on the sofa.
A woman standing up posing between two men.
The man shiking hands in the white shirt.
A middle aged white man wearing business attire.
A reflection in a mirror of a man lying down on a bed.
Reflection of man lying on bed.
The cup that is full.
A plastic cup full of red liquid.
an elephant facing the camera.
A large elephant standing in front of two other elephants.
Woman in brown shirt talking at 3:35.
WOMEN BROWN SHIRT.
The female tennis player swinging the tennis racket.
The woman on the left.
the sofa with the guitar.
A green couch behind a little boy.
The child with the red pants is skiing.
a kid wearing black jacket and yellow hat.
Giraffe leaningn down eating out of the man's hand.
A giraffe who is eating out of someone's hand.
A toilet with a black panel behind it.
Black televisio.
old black tv.
Brown shaggy dog being petted.
A brown dog getting petted by woman holding an umbrella.
The little girls skis.
Snowboard under the baby.
An expired parking meter with a vehicle parked at it.
The parking meter to the left.
A woman with tattoos on her arm and wearing a gray blouse preparing a meal.
A girl cutting potatoes next to steak.
THE TRAIN TO THE RIGHT.
the train on the right side.
A red tie next to a salmon and gold tie.
baseball player in catcher's uniform.
Catcher squatting down with his glove extended.
the sandwich piece,one in the right.
The half sandwich on the right.
the ass of an elephant.
Elephant's butt as he/she walks out of frame.
A woman wearing all black.
old women  watching in black dress.
orange cat near a black pack.
a blonde cat.
A white car in front of a city bus.
A light-colored sedan in front of a bus.
the little girl in the middle.
The little girl.
One of three photos of the same young man in which he is wearing sun glasses.
The boy in the pink shirt who is the only one wearing sunglasses.
white vehicle on the left.
what truck.
the broccoli piece in the lower left corner.
broccoli piece in lower left corner.
A portion of a blue sofa below a woman's legs.
side of couch bottom right side.
A brown and white dog with red belt holding a pink and green object in mouth.
A little dog holding a red and green frisbie toy in its mouth.
A very large pizza the size of a table.
a huge pepperoni and cheese pizza.
A hotdog with ketchup, mustard, relish, and onions.
A hot dog with ketchup, mustard, relish and onions.
woman on left.
A woman with brown hair and a black and white outfit standing between two staircases with bearded man.
wooden chair in the right side of the image.
a yellow chair beneath a boy and a striped shirt.
the man, with a black baseball cap and black jacket, smiling the widest.
A casually dressed man with glasses bows his head slightly as he laughs.
The bike in the front ridden by a person doing a stunt.
A zebra standing behind two others picking at the ground.
Someone's white and blue snowboard perpendicular to the ground.
The surface that someone in grey boots has their feet on.
red color car.
A red color car is on the road.
a white plant base.
A white column beneath flowers.
A little boy learning to ride a blue and red bike.
A little boy with a green shirt on a bicycle.
a gray horse on the left.
white horse in stable stall.
The zebra that is behind the front zebra and the elephant.
A white bowl full of cooked potatoes.
A bowel full of cooked and sliced sweet potatoes.
folding table with metal legs.
The right end of a table with a woman in a green shirt.
A wooden bench in a park.
The part of the bench facing the left side of the picture.
a futon sofa with a colorful pillow.
Dark colored couch that female in white shirt is sitting on.
A woman in black shirt working on her laptop in an office.
A woman in a black sweater typing on a laptop.
Lady holding a wine bottle shareing with others.
A blond woman wears glasses on her head.
A tractor with a pull card attached has two men sitting in it.
Fully loaded tractor with two persons on it.
Silver laptop that is acer brand sitting on desk.
A large black suite case with a blue book bag leaning on it.
The black luggage to the right of the blue luggage.
The giraffe to the left of the tree in the center.
Giraffe eating from a tree.
A giraffe stands next to a pile of brown things.
A LARGE ADULT GIRAFEE OUT IN A OPEN GREEN FIELD.
A man in a suit and tie wearing glasses.
A tall man wearing glasses.
woman holding umbrella.
A woman in a long, unhooded coat, poses with her upside-down umbrella on a sidewalk.
The airplane begins to land in a lake.
Blue and white sea plane in flight.
Two pieces of pizza, still connected, sitting on a plate.
a piece of pizza on the right.
A man in a blue jacket who is looking at a screen with his left hand on his head.
the man with his hand on his face.
a video game screen of tennis action sports with a person playing and a two other watching.
VIDEO GAME ON TV.
The player that is the catcher with a red hat on.
A catcher at home plate in front of the umpire.
A toilet with the seat up.
TOILET.
The zebra facing away.
A woman in black holding a phone across from a man.
The woman holding the cellphone.
a forward facing black bear.
A man in a striped shirt having an after dinner beer.
An older man with glasses with a teal blue & white stripped shirt holding a beer bottle to the left of the girl who's seated next to him.
An orange motorcycle with Honda stamped on the side.
An orange bike with a man in blue jeans on it.
A man who is eating a slice of pizza.
The man with the orange shirt.
An electronic tablet with an image of a man in a black shirt looking up.
A brown bench with a old man sitting on it.
bench in top left picture.
A white van parked on a residential street.
A white van parked on the side of the street.
A surfboard covered in a white carrier to the right of other surfboards.
THE BOARD THAT IS IN A BAG.
This is the top laptop.
laptop on top of another laptop.
The fan of aircraft have a four hands.
Urinal on the right.
The woman holding a football.
a woman in a white tank top.
Partially visible sink in a bathroom.
A woman eating a donut on a hook.
person eatting donut.
A man wearing sun glasses biting on a rose.
a man with a rose in his mouth.
A bench that is closest to a trash can.
The bench closest to the man.
A little red container holding peanut butter.
penut butter.
The butt of a zebra with no face visible.
Hind of zebra visible on the right.
A sheep to the left of another sheep.
A sheep to the left of another one.
A horse wearing a blue harness leaning down towards the grass.
A horse eating grass from the grassy land.
a cowboy capped women riding a horse along with a man and a woman nearer.
A young man riding a brown and white horse.
The food truck that you can ony see the front end of.
A beige food truck eases its way out of a tight parking spot.
the device with a a MacBreak Weekly screen on it.
MACBREAK WEEKLY  SCREEN USING THE PHONE.
the blond haired man with a red wristband.
A man in a suit taking a picture of himself.
A yellow vehicle with the back window open.
yellow vehical with hatch open.
A woman sitting on a couch with the back of her head to the camera.
The woman in the black shirt.
The bread with yellow stuff spread on it.
Bread with butter is very tasty.
a bike with a man on it.
A bicycle that a man in a baseball cap is riding.
2 slices of pizza in a blurry shot.
The kid that is in the suitcase.
The boy in the suitcase.
the top of the wooden bleacher that is being sat upon.
WOODEN BENCH.
The beer bottle to the left of a bottle cap.
A beer beside a pizza up front.
The elephant the people are petting.
Elephant standing by a fence being pet.
Plastic pink cup that holds a toothbrush.
A pink cup to hold a toothbrush.
A man wearing number 24 jersey running from first to second base.
the baseball player running with 24 on his back.
A baby elephant.
The smallest elephant.
A white truck with a ladder in the pickup bed.
Small truck in the middle of three large buses.
Woman cutting the cake.
A woman in a white dress holding a knife.
the bike the guy in green is on.
A motorcycle that is being driven by a man in green.
A girl holding a pink bat playing T-ball.
A young girl in a blue baseball uniform swinging a pink bat at a ball on a T.
a woman in white gown, holding a knife in her right hand.
Bride in white dress about to cut cake.
a white bus marked NLB.
A transit bus parked in a parking lot waiting for the passengers.
the elephant on the ground.
An elephant laying on the ground.
A potted plant next to a bookcase.
A woman in a white wedding dresssmiling looking at a weddig cake.
A woman with a champagne colored dress smiling.
cow in the right bottom corner of the image.
A brown and white cow to the right of a black and white cow.
a man in a black shirt and a woman in a blue top sitting on chairs behind some sheep talking.
a women with a black sweater.
A person using a pink color smartphone.
hands holding phone bottom right corner.
man in chair.
It's a man in his late 20s, early 30s with glasses and wearing a dark long sleeved shirt, sitting in a tan overstuffed chair.
A brown, stuffed rabbit next to stuffed bears.
A stuffed rabbit to the right of three other animals.
A woman with gray hair a sunglasses.
A woman with gray hair.
A white van driving toward a man with a chihuahua in his backpack.
a car.
A brown bear.
A brown color teddy bear in the sofa side of other toys.
Rightmost kindle.
Tablet with keyboard.
A slice of pizza with ham and pineapple on it.
A slice of Hawaiian pizza.
A light brown dog standing next to a dark brown dog.
The lightest color dog that is on the right.
Kid playing video game in white shirt, white shorts, and black shoes.
A young kid wearing white.
A blue and white van driving down the street.
the back end of a blue and white van next to a black vehicle.
A blue and yellow train on a track to the left of another train.
The train nearest to the platform.
An elephant walking to the side with only one eye showing.
Elephant on the Left not directly facing camera.
A elephant with back turned behind a blue pole.
The elephant in front of the baby elephant.
the yellow bear.
the teddy bear in yellow color.
a table in a restaurant all set with a big plant for a center piece.
A table with a white cloth and a plant in the center is set with plates and napkins.
The girl on the left is the only one wearing glasses.
A child wearing glasses.
a small white table holding plates.
The white table.
A man with gray hair and a mustache wearing a suit and a boutoniere.
A man with a boutineer.
the kite on the left.
A large kite high in the sky.
A computer monitor with a few widgets running.
monitor on left.
A horse wearing a black cloth on his face, near a fence.
a whiter horse wearing a black mask.
A cat with its ears down, facing another cat.
A brown sheep laying in hay next to a cat.
Black goat next to a white cat in the grass.
A brown horse with white on its face running with two riders on it.
The light brown horse.
a sink.
A bathroom sink in the left photo.
An elephant whose leg is hidden behind a boy's cap.
The elephant in the background on the left.
A light colored cowboy hat.
A white hat behind an elephant's butt.
younger elephant standing on the left.
The second smallest elephant.
A computer monitor on the left of the desk.
A monitor with the make of AOC.
The parking meter on the right is partially covered in snow.
A parking meter buried in the snow close to the handlebar of a bike.
The necktie in the middle of the neckties.
The tie in the middle of the three ties.
A kite in the girls hand.
Kite held by young child.
The chair behind the laptop by the window.
A chair behind a laptop computer being typed on.
The cow whose head is not visible.
brown fence.
a apple laptop in black color.
gray apple laptop with a person with a white shirt in front of it and a cup of coffee next to it.
A white nose of a van.
A van in the background.
The trunk in the middle.
An older style suitcase that is inbetween two other ones.
dog.
A white and black dog standing in front of the woman in tan.
An elephant with a tusk standing between two other elephants.
A gray elephant with large white tusks.
A silver car behind another silver car.
A grey car that is parked behind another car.
A man in a light colored trench coat stands beside an aircraft.
A man in a light colored trench coat greets a man exiting a plane.
A child holding an orange.
The child holding the item.
The meter that has the white stipe with numbers on the side.
A parking meter on the left side.
man in a green coat and blue pants on skis.
A skier wearing a green and black coat.
the orange chair with a hand on it.
An orange chair next to a hand.
A polar bear is pondering going down the ramp and into the water.
big bear.
A white coffee mug, full of coffee, served with breakfast at a restaurant.
A white cup with coffee, sitting behind a plate of breakfast food on a table.
A fork on the yellow napkin to the right of the pizza.
A yellow 3x box with nothing laying on top of it.
The predominantly white cow.
the cow facing to the left.
A brown colored wooden chair having maroon seat kept around a table.
The red and brown chair.
The baseball player standing in front of the portion of the scoreboard that says ball whose jersey reads Sheffield 10.
A BASEBALL PLAYER NAMED SHEFFIELD PLAYING BASEBALL.
the bus that is pulled up further.
Bus on the right with 54 on its side.
A man in an orange shirt watching the jet flying.
man was seeing water.
A man in a yellow sweater with his arms crossed.
A man with curly hair wearing a yellow sweater.
Black truck with a motor vehicle in the back and the decal.
A large truck holds a four-wheeler in its bed.
The smallest yellow baot.
smaller yellow boat #MT118.
A stand with bags on it with an umbrella design.
An umbrella stand with several plastic umbrella covers.
Red heart shape bench on the beach.
Bench with lovely design on the beach.
There is an aeroplane parked at last.
The piece of vegetable on the very edge of the plate.
The two orange carrots on the right side of the plate.
A large piece of broccoli on the plate.
A bunch of broccoli.
chicken on right.
a chicken to the right of another chicken.
A green bottle of wine is sitting next to a clear bottle.
green color bottle in the back of ST.GERMAIN.
Oranges are placed under the price board.
oranges underneath price sign.
Half of a sandwich with the crust of the bread visible.
Back view of a club sandwhich close to the corner of a plate.
A black cow.
A black cow standing in grass.
A bottle of diet Pepsi sitting on a desk.
A plastic bottle of diet Pepsi.
a man in a suit looking at a man putting on his tie.
A man in a dress shirt looking at another man.
toasted bread on the bottom.
The back of a motorcycle which is to the right of two other motorcycles.
light wood kitchen island with white stool.
a wooden table  with a chair underneath and with a visible metal leg.
An empty table.
The visible right half of the adult wearing a sleeveless pink shirt.
The arm and side of a person standing directly behind a girl.
the pice of pizza on a pan.
Pizza pie with several pieces missing.
A man holding a camera in a chair.
man in a blue shirt operating a film camera.
baby zebra nursing on mom zebra.
a baby zebra breastfeeding.
Blue  bag to the right of the black bag.
a blue duffel bag.
A woman in blue holding a sheep's head.
Woman holding sheeps head.\.
The square table the people are sitting at.
A man skiing with his family.
Skier in jeans and gray jacket.
the giraffe facing left.
a giraffe on the left.
A man in a brown shirt.
man in brown shirt standing up.
A table, on which sits two cups of coffee, a french press, and a cake, which is being sliced by a woman in a floral blouse.
a light wood table with plates and dishes on it.
A baseball player that is not a pitcher.
A baseball player in a white and blue uniform behind the pitcher with black on his face.
A woman in a floral dress.
A women in a floral dress and blue shirts leaning against a car.
The back side of a multi light traffic light.
A stoplight faces to the right.
The surfboard of a man standing behind another surfer.
A police officer to the right of two other officers and to the left of another officer.
A man on a motorcycle labeled WDD964.
A man in sock monkey pajamas.
the man wearing pajamas.
A man in a green shirt.
A man with green shirt operating electronic appliances with a remote on his hand.
A cellphone with a keyboard.
A black cell phone on a table.
A graham-cracker building stands to the right of a replica chapel constructed of candy.
Farthest gingerbread house to the right.
bread sandwich in plate.
sandwich on plate.
Fingers of a hand that his holding the a wineglass lightly.
A cat laying on its back in a chair.
A cat laying on a chair.
a lady petting a giraffe.
A lady feeding a giraffe in a grey coat.
Capped pipe assembly in between two others.
group of long black pipes with red and white caps on either end.
A cow with yellow tags in its ears close to the camera.
A spotted cow in a grass field.
A bottle of wine being poured at the end of the table.
bottle of wine.
A man holding music instrument by his two hand and placed near his mouth.
A teenager in a black shirt and red tie playing an instrument.
black motor cycle between park bench and a tree.
A black motorcycle with a carry box attached.
the all black dog with red collar.
the dog in back, closer to the brown pillow.
the cow that is the closest to the camera.
kid doing a trick on skateboard.
A boy riding a skate board.
A catcher in red.
A red cather with the number 36 is standing behind a batter and in front of a umpire.
Man in a red and black jacket bending over.
An older gentleman reaching down to pick to sign a page\.
thermos lid.
Pink bowl.
A parked silver motorcycle.
the batter swinging at a pitch.
Derek Jeter swing at a ball.
the right last bird in the right hand picture.
The bird flying in the back of the pack.
The middle pizza slice with ham.
The food item in the middle of the other food items.
The baby horse next to the adult horse.
A baby horse with one leg up.
cup full of liquid sitting behind plate.
Glass with orange beverage.
A young man wearing black and caring a frisbee.
the man with the Frisbee in his hand.
the zebra looking at the camera.
A zebra looking at the camera.
Two piece of pizza still together.
Spectator in a green jacket and blue jeans.
Person in jeans and a jacket standing behind fence, arms folded.
Girl in a red shirt.
a woman with two thumbs up about to eat a sandwich.
Lady walking and talking on a cell phone.
A woman in a black tank top and skirt on a phone.
A baby elephant.
A baby gray elephant.
scallots.
banana snacks.
A low shiny motorcycle to the left.
the left most motorcycle.
bike in the back.
a black ten speed bike.
the hands holding the sandwich in the right hand picture.
A person holding a sandwich and wearing a watch.
Girl sitting at a table with glasses on.
A girl in glasses wearing a blue dress and a pink and white sweather.
the white chair the cat is on.
A person wearing glasses keeping right hand on the lips and watching other person.
The man with the glasses on the right.
boy in red mario shirt.
A boy in a red shit standing with his hands in his pockets.
Umbrella with floral pattern.
The underneath of an umbrella with a flower and leave pattern.
woman sits in a hall.
The person sitting on the floor.
The back of the highchair that the baby is sitting on.
A back of a highchair.
A living room chair being occupied in a family home.
a man in a white hat standing behind a table.
man in a hat standing at a table.
A knife lying on a table next to a plate full of food.
The knife that is sitting close to the phone.
a chair with sun on it that is brighter than the one behind it.
person performing tricks on skateboard.
A skateboarder doing a trick in the air.
The dining room table.
the blue jacket to the right of the man.
Dark green coat on a chair beside a smiling man.
a computer monitor turned on.
The monitor with the green pattern on the screen.
A flat bread pizza that is closer than the other to the viewer.
A striped couch in the shade with a pink pillow on it.
chair on right side.
A man wearinf a light blue t-shirt and jeans with his arms extended.
A man on a skateboard.
bench in the front.
The large benches.
A person skiing in a snowy mountain range, in front of another person skiing.
The man standing higher up the hill.
The man in the brown pants and shirt.
a man in a plaid shirt.
A purple motorcycle.
A dog chewing a shoe lace.
A black dog.
A lean-looking volleyball player stands between his two teammates with a ball held at his side.
The guy in the middle of the group of 3 wearing pink.
the person sitting on the couch to the right of the other person.
A skier wearing a white plaid-patterned jacket.
person in white coat.
Giraffe in front of door.
A giraffe in front of the doorway.
A woman with large round earrings.
There is a woman with blonde hear, and she is wearing earrings.
Beer and cigars on the couch.
The part of the chair that is under the can and ashtray.
Baseball bats crossed between boys knees.
Wooden bat in front that has its handle facing left.
the middle cruise ship in the back.
The tallest of several cruise-liners on the water.
Wrap and pink bow on its top.
The rolled sandwich with the pink bow plastic toothpick in it.
Tennis player using a tennis racket at a game.
A man swinging a tennis racquet.
The shoulder of a man in a blue and gold sports jersy with the number 43.
A person wearing a black and yellow sports jersey.
The back end of a zebra standing next to another zebra.
A zebra's lower half of its body on the left side of the picture.
A sheep to the left of others.
The forward-most sheep grazing in the grass.
A cheese pizza with a woman cutting a slice.
A pizza being cut by a woman.
A black and red steam engine train sitting on railroad tracks.
An Engine numbered 66 002.
A ceramic top to a toilet tank.
The top of a toilet, which says POOP.
A teddy bear wearing a black vest, white shirt and top hat sitting next to a female teddy bear.
The groom teddy bear.
brpccoli tree on the left.
a mostly uncovered broccoli spear to the left of the plate.
An adult elephant which is partly not in the picture.
the bigger elephant.
chair with bird on it.
Patio chair with bird on top.
A jar next to the beer.
A glass bottle with a clear liquid in it.
A red city bus from London.
a red double bus that has the word victoria written in front of.
Very back right, leg of a person.
The leg of a man in tan pants sitting on a bench.
A white dog with black patches pulling on a dog toy.
A small white dog with black spots pulling on a toy.
man in brown dress.
man hugging bear arm.
Man standing with child sitting on his shoulders.
A man carrying a small child on his shoulders.
Laptop with nothing on the screen next to something wrapped in plastic.
The bottom half of a black chair or ottoman.
A stool with a dog next to it on a pink rug.
The zebra on the viewer's right side.
Small zebra grazing with a larger zebra.
The bike on the second level on the right.
A LADY WEARING RED COLOR T SHIRT AND BLACK COLOR TROUSER PLAYING AND THROWING A PLATE.
A woman in a red shirt throwing a white frisbee.
A tatty parasol shading some bananas.
A bowl of onion cooked broccoli and tomatoes sitting next to other food in bowls.
A cup of broccoli and tomatoes.
A man with blue sandals.
A man who is standing next to an animal and is smiling at the camera.
A sandwich to the left of another sandwich.
a sandwich on the left side of the plate.
The frame to the pink bike closest to the camera.
The bike frame closest to the camera.
A pizza on a plate in front of a woman wearing a brown shirt with a blue design on it.
pizza on right in front of girl.
A glass of wine help up to a person's lips.
A glass of red wine.
LIQUOR ON A GLASS.
The glass on the right side containing only a little bit of liquid left.
A bench has open seats next to a woman with a stroller.
The park bench the woman is sitting on.
A baseball player in a Texas jersey.
The man in the blue shirt.
A woman wearing a gray coat, crossing the road.
woman wearing coat.
A little boy with brown hair in a tuxedo holding a glass cup.
A dark haired boy to the left of another boy.
male in blue pullover sitting on end of couch.
the man with the blue polo sitting on the coach.
A sofa which is visible left side of this photo which has no pillow on it.
A white bench with a brown square pattern sitting to the left of two other benches in a booth at a marble table.
A leather chair in a room.
A brown leather seat nobody is sat on.
A white car with white hub caps next to the gas pump.
The white car at the left.
a whole pizza with meatballs on it.
SIX SLICES OF PIZZA ON A WHITE PLATE.
The second elephant in a line of four passing through a field.
The second elephant from the left.
Younger man standing between the island and the cabinets in the kitchen.
man wearing red shirt and khaki pants prepares food in a kitchen.
A man wearing a striped tie and a walking cap in motion.
A man in a striped shirt and tie with glasses moving his hands.
A green love seat facing the other two chairs.
The couch on the far left but only in the picture on the right.
Mercedes fire engine on far right.
A fire truck with license plate STL FF 23.
A man wearing black pants, a blue coat, and toboggan observing a snow skier.
A man or judge observing cross-country competition skiiers.
the empty pavilion.
The bottom three rows of bleachers.
A ZEBRA SHOWING BACK EXTREME LEFT.
zebra facing away.
A baby wearing a bib with giraffes on and sitting in a pink chair.
A young child sitting at a table with a plate of food.
A traffic light that is showing red.
a row of 9 traffic lights.
A truck standing on the side of road and person checking it.
A seagull with it's mouth open is trying to fend off a landing seagull from stealing the food.
A white and grey seagull with it's mouth open.
a glass of wine.
A glass full of champagne kept on a table with other food items.
A tall bus turning into a left lane.
a double decker crossing a rail track.
A horse with its ears pointed to the sides.
The horse on the left.
A woman in a purple sweater.
Woman pointing her right hand toward the cake.
blue colour shopa kept on hall for watching TV.
couch right of the television.
Elephant in back.
elephant following another elephant.
The plane with the american flag on the tail and the dark color underneath.
A plane with an american flag on its tale.
a baseball player with red sleeves has a bat in his hand.
The baseball player in the back, slightly out of focus.
Older man in a brown coat wearing a santa hat and holding a cell phone in his hand.
The guy in brown.
the butcher knife next to the pizza.
KIFE READY TO CUT THE BREAD.
the dark brown couch on the right.
the floral couch couch facing to the left.
the chair that is in front of the camera on the tripod.
A chair which is near the camera stand.
the woman on the left in the right hand picture.
A woman in purple shirt holding a surfboard.
A giraffe standing with his neck stretched out towards the fence.
A large giraffe that has his head halfway up in the air.
A man with a bald head wearing Full hand black jacket.
A balding man, leaning forward, next to a train.
the man in white.
A man with a white shirt and a gold necklace holding a blue tennis racket, standing next to a man in a green shirt with glasses.
pink color donuts in front of a brown colored one.
A PINK COLOR RING CHOCOLATE ICED DOUGHNUT IN FRONT OF THE BROWN COLOR.
Man under umbrella.
Man under umbrella.
A white comfortable chair facing a grey chair.
White stuffed chair.
black nose of airplane in front of another plane.
The black nose of an airplane to the left of a man leaning against another airplane.
An elephant statue sitting atop a rock.
elephant sitting on rocks.
A teddy bear with a brown ribbon around the neck.
Teddy bear on the left.
The left half of the sandwich.
large pepperoni pizza on pizza pan.
a pizza.
A giraffe looking for food on the ground.
The giraffe to the far left.
A GIRAFFE STANDING IN FRONT POSITION WITH HIS COLLEAGUE.
Close giraffe looking to the right.
A chair behind the table.
Man in white shirt looking at cell phone.
A guy in a white shirt on a bench.
person in black shirt and dark blue jeans standing next to 2 young man working on a skateboard.
the person standing behind the guy in the black shirt.
bed with white towel and red pattern thing on it, on the left.
A bed with a tan and red pillow sitting on it.
orange on top left side.
The orange on the top left.
A dogs nose.
Pink and black snout of an animal with whiskers coming off it.
A dark brown arm chair.
A dark sofa chair without anyone sitting in it.
A balding, older gentleman with glasses on his head, feeding another man cake.
A man with glasses resting on his head feeding someone cake.
Man in red shirt standing near girl in a fairy costume.
The man in red.
A man with wire glasses and longish hair standing behind a large banana.
Man with longer hair behind banana.
Small amount of potato salad on plate.
Potato salad on a plate with a beef sandwich.
Chopped up bananas in a bowl.
The glass of milk.
the milk cup.
Half of a sandwich with a lot of corned beef.
Sandwich half with meat facing out.
a very dirty boat with garbage in it sitting on the beach.
small boat in back.
portion of car in back.
A white car that is standing behind the car in the front.
the wood palettes made into a bench nearest to the woman.
full bench.
The young boy holding the cell phone.
A little boy holding a cell phone sitting next to a little girl.
A red biplane with white wings.
Red airplane.
A zebra eating grass which is in the left.
A zebra eating grass not hanging it's head over a log.
tennis player on the right.
a man in black sweater with green print.
man wearing longsleeve black shirt.
A guy's hand pinching a peice of pizza.
A mans arm with a pizza in the hand.
The skier in the bright orange pants.
A man on skis wearing a black jacket and orange pants.
The man about to catch the Frisbee.
the man in the white shirt.
A small female child sitting in front of elephants.
A little girl squatting in the grass.
zebra eating grass.
The zebra on the right.
A young man in red shorts catches air on his skateboard.
a skater in red shorts riding a skateboard in the air.
A man in a black jacket holding an umbrella walking beside a woman.
A man in blue jeans walking beside a woman.
Dark blue ceramic vase on a table.
LARGE DARK BROWN VASE WITH RED STRINGS ON TOP GOLD FLOWER POT.
A giant stack of brownies, a dozen layers high.
Chocolate cakes in a shop.
A stack of brownies at a buffet.
person on right.
A baby holding a pacifier with a pink shirt on.
Baby in pale pink onesie and patterned leggings being held by a man while chewing on a teething toy.
Donut on top.
A small bread on the large bread.
A man carrying a blue umbrella.
man holding blue umbrella.
A pair of orange scissors on the far right of the table.
An orange pair of scissors to the right of the black pair of scissors.
A lady in a white dress.
A woman in a white dress.
giraffe's reflection.
The giraffe that you can see their legs.
yellow taxi cab.
A Yellow Cab stopped at a stop light.
A white bus with national written on it.
A white bus with National written on the side.
A white bike in front of a woman wearing a white jacket.
Bike being held by the woman.
A giraffe with its head up walking to the right.
Two giraffes walking around.
A man wearing a maroon t-shirt getting a ball from the ground.
A man bending over to pick up a ball.
Two bikes on a rack.
A white color bycycle is very closely to the camera.
the back of the seat to the right of the window pane.
man wearing blue shirt and jeans sits on white fire hydrant.
man on hydrant.
An orange and white scooter sits in a display window.
orange and white moped for sale.
a baby bull with huge horns.
The long horn bull sitting on the right side of a larger bull.
A black labrador with a blue muzzle.
Black shiny dog with thin blue leash around its nose.
A walking man in a purple shirt.
A man wearing vilot color shirt who is standing in between a man and woman.
A brown sofa chair to the left of a coffee table.
A small elephant with its trunk in its mouth.
the smaller of two adult elephants standing in the back of its group.
Horse on left end on picture.
Horse in the bottom left next to the man leaning on the cart.
the backside of a boy in a grey shirt.
A child sitting behind a fence.
Woman eating sandwich.
Asian woman taking a bite out of her chili dog.
An elephant sticking food in his mouth with his trunk and standing next to another elephant.
An elephant with a trunk in its mouth.
Zebra on the left side of the screen drinking water.
Zebra to left of other zebra.
A women wearing purple tops whose hand is kept on the table.
A woman in a pink shirt making food.
a red car at a stoplight.
A left front bumper of a red sports car in the right lane.
The out of focus tall plant on the right.
the green plant in a pot on the floor.
Double lounge chair silhouette.
A pair of seats under an umbrella.
TWOBROWN COLOR HORSE STANDING THE ROAD.
beautiful brown horses that are tired to the cot.
An after image of a man with a car's rim faded in-between his legs.
The man on the far left of the group.
The blue door of a white and black train.
The side of a white passenger train.
the blue chair on the left side of the room.
A turquoise fabric armed chair sitting in a living room with a folded blanket draped over the back.
A man with his hand on his hip.
A tall man reaching into his back pocket of his khaki pants.
Person sitting in the snow.
A lady on the snow wearing a burton snowboard.
A huge fish kite that is mostly blue and purple.
A giant fish kite.
A person in a yellow helmet.
A lady wearing an yellow helmet and black jacket sitting in the ice.
A spoon with the concave side facing up.
The spoon touching the cake and sitting on the plate.
A zebra with his back turned.
zebra walking away.
A man on a surf board.
Man in a black and blue wetsuit riding a surfboard.
Child on the far right in a red coat and on a snowboard.
Two zibras standing on road.
a giraffe looking to the right.
The red pair of skis.
the monitor in the right side of the image.
A small monitor which is on the side of a large one.
The woman in a white dress.
woman in dress.
The pont.
Brown and white pony standing next to mother.
A city bus without the display on it.
A GREEN COLOR BUS ON A ROAD.
An open book facedown on the table behind the bowl.
a book facedown opened to one of the last pages.
a dark blue chair.
The darkest chair on wooden legs.
A man wearing a striped shirt and black pants.
A man in a striped shirt.
first white sheep on the left.
Sheep second from the left in back.
Man in yellow and black shirt.
a man wearing a black and yellow shirt.
hotdog to the left of plate.
A hotdog to the left of others.
A small boy getting ready to swing a bat.
Player holding bat.
The piece of food that is most visible and sitting atop the bottom piece.
Cake in front of other cakes.
A man in a brown shirt leaning against the wall.
A slouching man working on a laptop by a tree.
A man on a laptop.
A three seater sofa placed opposite to the green two seater sofa.
The woman.
Brown haired woman wearing purple bikini top.
A man sitting on a horse's back.
a jockey being helped onto a horse.
the right arm of a person wearing a green sweater sitting to the right of a woman.
white bear.
A small white teddy bear with brown ears sits next to three other bears.
auto.
A white car.
A man in a white outfit between two other men.
A man between two others.
The white horse.
the all white horse.
Blue and yellow fishing boat, with no tarp.
This is the boat closest to the right of the photo.
The big giraffe.
A big giraffe taking small giraffe nearly.
the pizza on white plate.
Pizza with a thick crust, tomatoes and extra cheese.
A woman with her hair in a bun in a green soccor uniform.
A female playing soccer in a green jersey, number 19.
round bed was in the room.
a circular checker pattern mattress.
The back side of an elephant with another elephants trunk between its legs.
The rear end of an elephant.
A little girl standing by what appears to be a puddle on a sidewalk. She is wearing a pink shirt, with blue jeans and sandals.
The girl in the purple top.
Mets baseball player waiting on a pitch.
a baseball player preparing to swing his bat.
The woman in brown that is swinging the controller.
girl in brown top with her hand in the air.
Brown leather chair next to the fireplace.
A brown chair sitting by a fireplace in a room where kids watch TV.
The bus doors on the bus parked closest to the camera lens.
first bus on the left.
A man with piercing walking with a shorter man.
A bald man walking past a motorcycle.
A plant in a brown pot sits on the edge of the stone patio.
A brown colored flower pot is beside the bench.
Quiche on a plate.
the pizza piece in the front.
Skier with red pants and dark jacket on the right facing away.
A female mountain climber with her back facing the camera.
woman with red hat and without a shirt.
A blonde woman in a red hat and striped pants walking on a small sailboat.
the van behind the bike.
Dark grey car.
space shuttle being taxied by a jumbo jet.
Ship on top of airplane.
The right half of a teddy bear porcelain garden structure, hugging another bear holding a red heart.
teddy bear with out the heart.
LEROY named bus.
Large white bus with red writing on the side.
A green and white boat.
The boat that is green and white.
Man in hat and white shirt.
Man in a green shirt and man in a white shirt struggling for frisbee.
The right most stool not including the padded seat.
Glass of beer.
A half a glass of amber colored beer.
The plane in the middle that says Dan-Air London.
The plane that is probably still moving.
a truck was croosing the road.
WHITE PICK UP TRUCK.
The horse in the background with a cover on it's back.
one of two horses running past each other in a dirt field. He has a black covering over his body.
second elephant from the left.
The elephant with the rider in the white hood.
A set table with 4 chairs around it and a woman in a black shirt standing behind.
empty table with woman standing behind it.
A parked car immediately behind a parking meter.
the first car parked on the street.
BOAT WITH THE BLACK MOTOR.
A man on a beach chair.
An elderly white man sits in his beach chair on his cell phone on a sunny day.
a brown haired girl with an orange in her mouth.
girl.
A polar bear holding something orange near his mouth.
bear in front view.
man in yellow jacket.
Man in yellow jacket.
The light colored bear that is dressed up like a pink bunny rabbit.
The pink stuffed animal.
the chair bench on the right.
The rightmost chair.
A red mercedes bus.
Red bus with only the very front visible.
A car standing behind the truck.
Vehicle that is parked behind moving van.
A clear glass with water.
a glass of ice water next to a cup of black coffee.
a child in a green shirt leaning out of a blue suitcase.
A baby with green striped shirt.
A cream colored leather sofa.
A green leather couch in a living room.
The white walls in the background.
A gas stove on the countertop.
A four burner gas stove.
Player 22.
A boy in a baseball uniform reaching out to the guy in front of him.
A man jumping high with his skating board.
A man holding a skate board inside his leg jumping high.
A red color bicycle with a lady.
A bicycle being held up by a woman.
A GIRAFFE AT ZOO IN FRONT OF A GIRL WEARING PINK COLOR T SHIRT.
A giraffe standing first and touching the wooden fence with mouth.
A square white sink in a bathroom.
A bathroom sink.
guy in jacket and ball cap watches from the top of a skateboard ramp.
A man standing on top of a skating ramp in a jacket.
A man sitting in a booth at a restaurant.
Person in striped white shirt sitting in booth at restaurant.
A man with jean overalls holding a red hat.
The man with the red helmet in his hand.
The man in the blue shirt.
A man in a crisp blue shirt has his tie straightened by a family member.
The food closest to the handle of the butter knife.
The fork next to the plate.
The fork behind the plate.
A refrigerator with magnets on it.
The refrigerator with magnets on it.
The pizza behind the front pizza.
A plate of pizza beside candles next to a second plate of pizza.
A red hydraulic crane on a truck.
A red construction truck.
Two zebras standing side by side.
Two zebras standing next to a stone wall.
the zebra with its head by the ground.
Zebra looking down at the floor.
The horse on the left.
A horse pulling a carriage.
A man in a grey sweater holding a fork and an iPhone.
A man in a gray sweater holding his cellphone in his left hand and a silver fork in his right hand.
The hands of a man holding a piece of food that has white sauce on it.
white hands holding a barbeque wing.
A couch with two musicians sitting on it.
Black couch with man playing trombone sitting on it.
An adult brown bear standing in river with cub.
A bear is in a stream looking for food.
Ball runner with decorative tennis uniform.
The woman wearing the blue visor and blue tennis outfit.
A BOY BAY WATCHING ELEPHANTS ON THE ZOO.
Small boy looking through fence.
the man who is jumping in the image.
A BASEBALL PLAYER CATCHING THE BALL.
sweet potatoes.
the white chair that's facing away from the camera, bottom right.
The surface of the table to the left of the coffee mug and towards the upper lefthand side of the plate with the donut on it.
empty portion of table with donut partially visible.
Breakfast sandwich with  egg, meat and toasted bread.
The portion of the sandwhich nearest the utensil.
A goalie reaching over the back of another soccer player who is butted up against the goalie.
the goal keeper trying to defend the foodball from the oposite team player.
A little girl in a multicolored dress is sitting on a chair and looking out the window at some airplanes.
A little girl in a rocking chair.
the shiny wooden table.
the brown table by the four chairs.
A blue and black bag in front of the table.
A woman wearing a blue dress.
Lady in a purple shirt standing in front of umbrella.
a man wearing the black colour shirt.
a man in a black coat.
A man holding a hat, wearing sandals, looking into a cage.
A man in a green shirt looking at a birdcage.
A white semi.
White semi parked next to red one.
The darker of a pair of horses bows its head and neighs as its rider smiles for the camera.
A horse with its head down.
Back half of extended bus.
A black colored tie with gray stripes.
A man wearing 3 ties at onc3.
A black pick-up wih a white sign that reads turn it out taped to it.
a black pickup truck leading a parade.
A giraffe which is standing on the right side of the other two giraffes.
The tallest, closest giraffe.
A brown cow with it's tail twisted in the air.
The brown cow with a red tag in it's ear.
A man in a white baseball outfit seining a broken bat.
Baseball player number 13 swinging and breaking his bat.
a white htc phone.
the droid phone with black boxing gloves.
Blue bench closest to steps.
the farthest bench.
A black truck box that reads New Jersey, New England and New York.
A black truck behind a red truck.
A flamingo with it's head raised.
A flamingo on the right of the cup with head straight up.
A piece of broccoli.
green food in the container to the right of the rice.
Man's tennis racket.
A tennis racket held head-down, since the game is over.
A bike on air which is numbered 56.
Bike that is in the air.
A man wearing a blue t-shirt about frisbee while holding a yellow frisbee.
A boy in a blue shirt that says Cultivate Peace, Play Frisbee.
A brown cat sitting on a sofa.
Striped cat looking out window.
A man is in the background of a city street behind a woman and a bunch of bananas.
A picture of a blurry man walking behind the blurry woman.
Motorcycle rider at the rear.
A young woman with her eyes half closed and a mole on her chin.
A lady squinting.
A cup of creme brulee on a dessert plate.
An orange dessert in a tiny bowl with a blackberry on top.
The skiis that are being worn by a guy in blue snow pants.
a man with orange and black dress.
Man standing through the glass preparing food.
sofa with the person with black sweater is sitting on.
The blue, high-back chair.
Girl grinning while cutting a mans hair.
The woman cutting a mans hair.
half of the sandwich on the right.
The half of a sandwich between the other half and fries.
A giraffe.
A giraffe.
the head of the dog in the right side corner of the picture.
A dogs face showing the eyes and the white top of it's head.
A man in a wheelchair wearing a blue shirt who is missing one of his legs.
A handicapped man wearing a blue tshirt sitting on a wheel chair with a golf bat in his left hand.
A person holding a knife in their right hand, cutting carrots.
A two hands which is cutting carrot with the knife.
A brown dog.
A brown laborador dog running in the yard.
A giraffe with only it's head and neck visible.
Two giraffes in the front of a cloudy sky. One of the giraffes you can only see its neck.
A black motorbike parked by the highway with someone lying down beside it.
A black motorcycle behind a man in a white shirt.
A cup filled with vanilla pudding with cinnamon on top.
Putting with cinnamon in a bowl.
The mostly white boat.
a red white and blue boat sitting in front of another boat.
A girl wearing a red bow sitting on a bench next to another girl.
a girl holding an umbrella.
A child on skiies.
A little boy wearing a blue snowsuit skiing.
A small girl wearing a brown dress with embroidered flowers.
A little girl wearing a brown dress with flowers.
The white sink nearest the camera.
A WASH BASIN FIRST FROM THE RIGHT SIDE.
The man with a bag strapped across.
A man in a red tank top.
The giraff on the left.
A giraffe hugging another giraffe on its right.
The boy with the fur lined hat.
A boy wearing a hat and skis on a ski lift next to a man.
A pair of hands with a knife ready to cut the came.
the hands.
A man wearing a blue shirt and jeans riding a horse.
a man in a blue shirt.
A child lighting candles on a cake.
A young boy dressed in black lighting a candle on a cake.
cycle stand.
The bike parked in the orange arches.
The sheep face in the top right.
giraffe looking to the left side.
Two giraffes in wilderness crossing their necks.
A person in a blue shirt and blue bandana standing with their back facing the camera.
A woman with blue bandana and blue Tshirt working in a restaurant kitchen.
a man was eating.
The man's body with the arm showing that has a watch on his wrist.
A bouquet of flowers, with one pink rose in the center.
Pink and yellow flowers.
A glass with a brown drink in it.
Tall clear glass of iced tea with a teaspoon in it.
white color TV on the wall.
3D wallpaper inside room.
empty chair next to woman sitting next to the wall.
Chair next to girl with curly blond hair.
A second base man getting ready to play baseball.
A hanging plant that is handing next to a picture of a pig.
A plant hanging next to a painting of a pig.
The panini half on the left side.
A sandwich left to a container of macaroni with a fork on top.
The cat on the right side.
Cat looking out of window on right.
A red picnic table.
A red table.
the half of sandwhich you can only see part of.
burger in the left side of the plate.
Lighter colored train.
A passenger train passing another train.
little girl wears a black jackets and green shirt eats spagetti while sittin on beige couch.
A young girl with a mouth full of spaghetti.
two adult elephants.
Elephant standing behind of another Elephant.
A small bear sculpture grabbing the foot of a larger bear sculpture.
A cement baby bear holding on to an adult bear paw looking up at the adult bear.
A brown color bowl on a table.
A pyramid like shaped bowl.
An uncooked pizza beside a bottle of wine.
An uncooked pizza in between a similar pizza nad a bottle of beer.
The smaller bear holding the cake.
Small bear holding a cake to the right of the other bear.
Three bananas on a white table cloth.
A bunch of bananas.
A blue truck parked along with other trucks.
A Blue Mercedes truck cab.
the biggest of the zebra.
An adult zebra grazing in a field next to its young.
A girl in white tees and shorts.
A girl in a white shirt with pigtails standing next to binoculars.
The sugar doughnut on top.
The donut that is on top of the other sugared donut.
There is a car behind the truck on the road.
The white van is behind the 24 hr recovery truck.
A football player in a red jersey about to get tackled.
A male football player wearing a red jersey is running with the ball.
A man in a blue shirt wearing shorts walking away from the camera.
Man with his back facing us on a tennis court.
horse on the left.
A brown horse with its head lowered.
A baby girl with long hair.
A young girl taking food off of a baby's highchair tray.
A zebra biting another zebra.
Zebra that is on the left side.
A man with two younger children standing in front of a cake.
A man standing behind two girls with a cake with lit candles on the table in front of them.
The chair on the right.
person wearing orange shirt and green pants.
A man with a long sleeve orange sirht and blue-green pants holding a dog leash.
the whole orange.
the orange top on all.
A doughnut with chocolate on it.
A doughnut with some dark frosting on the top.
A man in a purple shirt and jeans stooped down being photographed.
A man in a purple shirt and blue jeans on a skateboard.
A sheep stANDING IN THE MIDDLE OF OTHER TWO SHEEPS.
an animal you can see the entire length of.
A laptop with the screen on facing away from a woman with a laptop.
A laptop computer with a web browser displayed on the screen.
a man wearing grey on concrete fielding a frisbee thrown by a child.
man.
Giraffe stands between two other giraffes in the wild.
A giraffe in between two other giraffes on a dry plain.
A piece of toast on a plate.
A piece of a grilled sandwich touching a bowl of soup.
A man sitting on the dinning table and posing to the camera with his hands put together.
the space between the 2nd and 3rd banana on the left.
Obstructed elephant's head and feet.
The elephant to the far left.
A big elephant walking with the small elephant.
the adult elephant.
white truck.
the front end of a white truck pulled up to an airplane.
The motocycle rider with the yellow bike.
Person riding yellow motorcycle.
A black and gray purse sitting on the lap of a lady.
A purse on the lap of the girl in the plaid shirt.
a hairy forearm with a turquoise wristband.
Arm with a blue bracelet.
A clock face where all the numbers are displayed.
clock facing the front.
Flowers planted in a toilet that is used outside as a planter.
bowl and bottom part of toilet.
A man in a dark jacket type shirt with CCC on it, blue jeans and white tennis shoes sitting on a desk.
A man in a sweater and jeans sitting on a table.
The orange in the center of the group of three oranges, to the right of the photo.
An orange in the middle of three other oranges.
The couch against the back wall.
the couch against the far wall.
Bus number 140.
A bus in front of another bus.
A flat sandwich on top of a plate.
The half sandwich that is to the right of the other one.
Sliced food close to us next to a pie.
the banana bread.
woman next to boat.
woman in blue dress carrying white shoes.
A dark colored boy standing while holding a remote control.
the boy on the right in the right hand picture.
This is a green vase on a black tarp.
First prize light purple pom pom flowers in a green vase.
The teddy bear facing away.
teddy bear whose face cannot be seen.
An empty glass on a white saucer.
empty glass.
person behind woman in the grey shirt.
the back end of a brown cow in front of the face of another cow.
the butt of a cow on the right.
A large zebra grazing on the ground near the base of a tree.
The zebra on the right.
a man in a white shirt and black jacket playing video games with friends.
a black man playing wii.
A child in and orange and white shirt.
a person on a cellphone standing behind the woman taking a picture.
A silver car, stopped.
white color car in the right side of the image.
A man holding up a bunch of bananas.
the asian man smiling holding the bananas.
A man wearing black jacket holding a glass.
Man about to taste wine.
The person wearing khaki-colored shorts.
A man in a black jacket holds a racket on the left of the net.
man on left.
Man in dark pants and tie holding up girl.
the smaller front chair behind the tall one in the right hand picture.
the small chair near the tall chair closest to camera in the right hand picture.
A coffee table holds some books and a platter.
coffee table.
left adult zebra.
Zebra that is closer to the pile of hay on top.
A glass of ice water.
A glass of water which is behind the omelette plate.
A girl in a furry jacket.
A woman wearing animal print jacket with her painted face against a man's chest.
A BLACK AND WHITE PHOTO OF A MAN DRESSED IN BUSINESS ATTIRE ON SKIS..POSING.
The man is holding ski poles.
A boy in a red/orange shirt holding a tennis racket.
A boy holding a tennis racket with two men.
A  dark brown dog beside two other dogs.
The dog on the far right.
a black plate with yellow and white food.
A savory dish served in a black bowl.
left hand side of sandwich on plate.
the horse on the left.
A brown horse to the left of another horse.
A man in air who is managing a skate board.
Person in plaid short doing trick.
man standing bottom left side.
A man in a dark suit and tam looking at an elephant.
A person wearing grey pants and a brown belt.
Person in gray pants with pocket, standing in front of a child.
A zebra with its front legs spread apart.
The zebra on the right grazing grass.
The man in the navy jacket wearing glasses is playing a wii game.
the man in the blue playing video games.
The piece of sandwich that is on the left of the plate.
The half of the pastrami sandwhich on the left close to the camera.
A silver commuter train at the station shown from the side.
a lady in black clothes and white shoes behind the man.
woman in all black walking.
A nude woman with a rose tattoo.
woman with rose tatoo.
a person using their right hand to flip burgers on a grill.
the zebra in front.
A zebra in front of two other zebras.
a woman with curly blonde hair to the right of another woman.
The blond female on the top righthand side.
white suv parked near field.
A parked white car.
skier dressed in black with goggles standing atop mountain.
The skier wearing the blue jacket.
A black bag on a stool.
Black travel bag.
The bowl with the carrots.
sliced carrots in a green basket.
A firetruck with a ladder.
There is red colored truck beside other red colored truck.
Man helping a women cut their wedding cake.
Person in black tux who has their hand laid on top of a womans hand cutting cake.
girl wearing white with pink shorts leaning on her wii controller.
a woman on the left side of the other woman playing a game.
A young woman wearing a skirt sitting on a park bench next to an older woman.
A woman eating on a park bench with another woman and her dog.
The couch in the living room.
the blue couch in front of the television set.
the set of oranges.
The oranges in the basket.
A woman in purple points to a slice of cake.
The woman pointing to the dessert trays.
A man holding a sign.
person with coca cola bag.
Blue and black backpack in front of a man on the phone.
A blue and black booksack or duffel bag next to a guy on the phone.
A white horse.
A white horse with a cowboy on it.
Female skier.
A person on skis wearing a beanie, ski goggles, a grey jacket and green pants.
A small pile of oranges sitting on a table next to a bowl.
A pile of five oranges on a wooden table, near a bowl of more oranges.
A man with a camera hanging around his neck.
An old man wearing blue shirt and hanging camera on his neck using mobile phone.
A man holding a paper bag.
A man in a black shirt holding a white box of hotdog topping mix in his hands.
A black table with kids around it.
A table that has three people around it.
The slats on the back of a wooden chair in which a young girl is sitting during a birthday party.
The chair that the girl in pink is sitting in.
a silver cell phone.
Blue and grey cell phone on the right side of a purse.
The cake sitting on the table, that is being cut by four people, simultaneously.
big cake with 3 hands holding knives.
A black bag being worn by a woman in a green coat.
a black purse a woman in carrying.
the laptop in which the person is using.
Laptop screen that girl is working on while watching TV.
man puts a spoon in his mouth.
Man who is dining.
a blue bicycle.
a ladies' bike is leaning on its kickstand.
the guy in the purple shirt.
The man in the purple shirt.
A zebra behind another zebra.
ONE OF THE ZEBRAS (THE ONE IN THE DISTANCE) IS RED.
A woman wearing glasses sitting on a park bench holding a hot dog.
the woman in a black sweater holding a hot dog.
A large brown horse closer to the foreground.
A dark brown horse with ropes.
A beer bottle with the number 9 on the label.
bottle with 9 label.
floral print umbrella.
a flower patterned umbrella.
Songbird with brown and white chest on the right.
The bird on the right of another bird.
the back of a man wearing black suit.
a man in black suit next to a man in a tan suit.
The zebra on the left behind the other zebra eating off of the ground.
the zebra in the back that is touching the ground with its mouth.
The ostrich on the far right.
man in a black tuxedo holding a bottle.
A man holding a bottle.
A man in an orange and black hoodie standing next a stop light.
A man in an orange and black sweatshirt.
giraffe with a closed mouth.
A giraffe with it's mouth closed.
A woman wearing a white and gray jacket.
White jacket.
The bed to the left of the other bed.
A partial bed viewing partially in this picture in a room.
A man holding a purple hat sitting on a skateboard.
man sitting on skateboard.
black car bottom left corner.
Black car in front of a red bus.
a person whose face is not seen.
tan wicker chair to the far right of the photograph.
Wicker chair on the right with man sitting on it leaning to his right.
a man with long dark hair shields his eyes from the sun while looking at a giraffe.
A girl looking up at two giraffes with black hair and a hand deflecting the sunlight.
a man holding a wine glass to his mouth.
The man standing behind the woman is enjoying a glass of red wine.
A man with wine bottle.
A man holding some wine and a phone on a couch.
a man sitting on a bench.
The man on the far right.
A baby girl with red hair, wearing a pink shirt, being held by an adult male in front of a lake.
BABY.
A skateboard.
Skateboard in on the lip.
Black Vehicle parked on side of road.
black car parked by curb.
An umpire wearing black.
An umpire.
A boy ith dark hair wearing glasses and a white tee shirt.
A young man in a white tshirt with sunglasses on waiting while playing Frisbee golf.
the young lady who is riding the skateboard.
Woman skateboarding.
bike.
A stylish race bike  with advertisement of bolld donation.
closest bench.
A man with snow slidder and bending to pose for a picture.
Man with skiis poles.
a man in gray playing wii.
The man with the white control.
A white purse.
The white purse held by the girl in black shirt.
half eaten donut.
About half of a glazed donut.
a buy in a yellow striped shirt.
A little boy with a striped shirt.
Umbrella for a man in a tan jacket.
the umbrella helded by the man wearing brown jacket.
A man wearing a blue shirt.
The man in gray.
Pitza in a large plate.
A fresh pizza sits partialy eaten on a table.
The forks closest to the camera.
The two forks closest to the camera.
man in blue.
A man in a blue shirt carrying a surf board.
A man in a backwards baseball cap and black shirt.
boy in black t-shirt with cap turned backwards.
Empty chair behind table.
Empty chair behind table.
Tie blonde boy is wearing.
A blue clip-on tie on a young blonde man.
A little girl in a pink shirt.
CUTE GIRL WEARING RED DRESS.
The horse that is behind the horse.
The horse hidden behind the front horse.
A man having a hair cut.
A man getting his hair cut.
Chair closest to camera.
large televison on white wall.
the television.
A French bread pizza smothered with cheese, olives and peppers on a black-checkered plate next to a wood cutting board.
pizza on a plate on the left of another plate of pizza.
Two men are on a sail boat that is marked CAPRI 142.
white sail boat.
A grey haired man (Vice President Joe Biden).
Joe Biden in the background of our president as he speaks.
A white paper cup with pictures of cherries printed on it.
Paper coffee cup with apples on it next to a donut on a napkin.
A woman smiling with long har and a dark shirt.
A dark haired girl displaying a very toothy smile with her fork pointed straight up.
A white motorcycle near a man.
A large silver and white motorcycle.
A brownie on a blue plate.
Chocolate cake on a blue plate.
A blue tennis racket with a white taped handle.
tennis racket that the guy in the white shirt is holding.
A WOMAN IN SWIM SUITE.
A girl in a white t shirt standing between two men on a sandy beach.
the girl in pigtails and a maroon t-shirt.
A woman with pigtails, looking at items for sale.
A yellow and white train numbered 444 006.
A rapid tranist train slows down for its stop on the line to pick up some commuters.
An orange and yellow book.
An orange and yellow book with the word Weingart on it.
Nearest cow.
The animal that is being touched by the child.
the cup holding the pink toothbrush closest to the camera.
A red tumbler containing a pink toothbrush.
A sandwich on paper.
A MAN IS HOLDING SOME BANANAS AND A LEMON IN GIRLS HAND.
a man holding bananas.
an elephant plucking leaves.
An elephant standing on all four feet, with two elephants behind it.
the dog on the left in the right hand picture.
White dog catching a frisbee.
The man wearing black shirt and with a letters NH.
A man having NH letters on his tea shirt.
A little girl in pink sits on a bench.
A little girl wearing a pink dress, sitting on a desk closing her eyes.
a man next to kids looking at a cake.
The elephant with its head down.
An elephant with with no tusks.
A child in a brown shirt holding a green tennis racket.
A boy with a brown shirt wearing a blue bucket hat.
chairs tilted on their side behind a chain link fence.
Two chairs leaning forward.
Baseball player in a gray uniform running to a base.
the player leaning over moving towards the ball in white.
The banana towards the bottom of the picture.
banana on bottom.
Armed chair in a reception.
The brown chair in front of the fireplace.
The woman wearing a green dress standing in the grass.
A lady wearing green and white color dress.
A donut with liquid chocolate above it.
A chocolate donut.
A woman dressed like an elf holding an Easter basket.
A women dressed in holiday attire holding a basket.
A zebra under an alcove.
A zebra laying down.
A white boat with 6 windows on the front, on the land.
an old boat not covered by foliage.
A rose pot in the table.
A small brown vase holding three flowers.
A man wearing blue skiing down the street.
A man skiing in blue and black.
A person sitting on a boat wearing a bamboo hat.
a person sittong on the side of a boat pointing down.
man in gray pullover shirt standing to right, in front of couch.
A man in a collared brown shirt playing a Wii.
A baseball player swinging a bat.
A baseball player wearing blue and the number twenty eight.
A man in a black shirt holding a baby.
A man wearing glasses and holding a small baby.
A maroon and yellow Sightseeing Tour Bus.
A red and yellow sightseeing tour bus.
A white vase sits on table in front of another table with a checkered tablecloth.
right vase.
The roll closest to the left edge of the plate. It is the furthest from the camera.
A round food item to the left of another.
The entire picture.
A fruit bagel dessert.
A horse pulling a carriage.
An brown horse stands in the road.
A man standing behind a man that is holding an umbrella.
a man in black shirt and with a hat is standing behind a man with the umbrella.
A boy wearing a baseball jersey with the number 14 on it.
a boy with a number 14 on his jersey.
A person wearing brown color t-shirt.
A man with a brown tee shirt closing the lid on a laptop.
A small truck being lifted by a heavier truck.
a truck on the bed of another truck.
A white and brown horse standing with head down and the lady is holding in her left hand.
A horse with dark brown face and white legs and body.
Man with baseball uniform looks surprised.
A gloomy-looking baseball player sitting on the bench wearing a red and white uniform and with a catcher's mitt on his left hand.
the man in dark gray shirt.
This is a man with thin rimmed glasses and a black scarf.
A small pink and brown pig stuffed animal, laying on child.
The stuffed pig that the blond boy is holding.
A young girl in a blue coat holding a bag.
A girl in a blue coat and glasses holds a bag.
A silver colored plastic fork.
The top fork on the tray.
An unknown blue car in front of a truck.
A blue car.
knife on right.
A black horse with all types of equipment on him tied to a carriage.
Horse to the left of the camera man.
girl.
woman laying on bed on laptop.
A computer monitor.
moniter was on the desk.
Man in orange shirt, sitting, bottom right corner of picture.
The man sitting in the chair, on the right.
the man in the teal sweater.
A MAN WALKING THE BEACH SOUL  HOLDING THE STEAK.
A female Indian elephant holding the tail of another elephant.
An elephant that is holding the tail of another elephant.
A woman holding kites in the upper left hand corner of the picture.
person holding kites as seen in the top left of the duplicat images.
man getting married to his love.
A man wearing a tux and a cowboy hat.
A man with short croped hair wearing a leather coat and holding a phone.
The guy wearing a white, blue ,red plaid shirt and bent over looking at something the othe guy is holding.
Man with beard wearing a plaid shirt.
A guy in a black shirt wearing a white hat throwing a frisbee to a girl in the park.
a man throwing a frisbee.
A MAN IN WHITE SHIRT AND BLACK SHORTS REACHING OUT ARM.
A man actively playing tennis.
Oranges in a white bowl, on a table.
ORANGES IN THE BLUE COLOR PLATE IN THE DINING TABLE.
The girl lying on the bed.
a babe on bed.
couch in the left side nearer to the yellow couch.
A white bowl that has shredded cheese in it.
Plate of  yellow partially eaten food.
Young boy in a white tank top.
A young boy in white tank-top shirt.
A baby black and white zebra standing behind his or her mother while looking at the camera.
baby zebra standing behind adult zebra.
Green colored car is parked beside the road.
A green vehicle parked on side of road.
A baseball player with a gray uniform holding the bat.
A baseball player up to bat.
The black anchor behind the table.
a black leather chair with a weird looking back.
Cheese and crackers in a small white bowl.
bowl with crackers.
A man sitting in a chair.
A person sitting cross-legged on an arm chair, with blue pants and brown shoes.
A man in all black standing next to a man with a backpack.
A man who is on the right side.
A close up view of the back of a highly decorated chair next to a table of wine and wine glasses.
chair back bottom left.
The group of kites making an X by crossing each other.
Sandwhich resting on other sandwhich.
Sandwich that is touching the spoon.
The handle bars highest in the aire.
The handle bar on the cycle.
The back of a chair.
Back of blue chair sitting on the far left side of dinner table.
A womanin a black jacket playing Wii.
The woman in black.
A stove behind a man without a shirt.
a silver oven.
A hot dog with two tomato slices and one jalapeno.
bus behind full bus.
The double decker bus behind and left of the bus in full view.
The bus with two parts.
A long bus that reads October is parked at the sidewalk on the left.
lady in the middle.
A person with a red scarf and a black bag.
a kite being held by the shortest boy.
The smaller kite.
A chair with a green seat cushion.
The back of a chair with a green cushion, slide under a table.
The sheep on the right.
The sheep on the right side with the woman in white top.
far right fork.
The two forks on top of the onions.
The french fries in the cup.
French fries inside of a circular container.
a white and black animal closest to camersa.
A goat of a first man with white design on his T shirt.
A styrofoam cup close to someone's arm on a restaurant table.
A white cup that is in front of a arm.
Deck chair on the far left under the left umbrella.
A chair that is off and to the left of the other chairs in this image.
The parachute closer to the kid's side.
bananas turning brown.
A bunch of bananas next to some separated bananas.
The hand of a person grabbing a tennis ball.
the person on the left.
A man with black pant and grey Tee.
A women returning a tennis ball.
The tennis player in the black shirt.
The monitor facing up.
a computer laying down flat.
the one with black cap,brown pant.
a woman in a flannel ski jacket.
Man in the black shirt.
man wearing black T-shirt.
A small donut with green frosting to the far left of another similar one.
the first mini donut from the left.
A giraffe directly behind a woman with it's head up.
The giraffe standing closest to the tree.
A mug filled with coffee.
a cup of black coffee on the table next to plate of pastries.
A man holding a wineglass.
A man in a black shirt with glasses holding a glass.
The right most zebra looking away from the camera.
A zebra facing the right, next to a bush.
Person cross country skiing closest to the camera.
Skier in orange boots and a black hat troting through the snow.
Slice of bread with meat between a knife and cup of sauce.
open sandwich closest to camera.
Dog with chin down.
Black and white dog with it's ears sticking out while is lays on a brown blanket.
Person wearing sunglass.
A woman with a white shirt on eating bread.
the right computer in the right hand picture.
the computer on the right in the right hand picture.
A fireplace is in the living room behind the table.
The corner of the fireplace in the background behind the laptop screen.
the baseball catcher.
catcher wearing blue and grey catching a low pitch.
A rose loveseat facing a window.
the couch farthest from the windows.
a young dark haired asian girl about to take a bite out of a donut.
a girl pretending to eat a fake donut.
Red skis with yellow ski boots.
A pair of red skis.
elephant in water for bathing.
An elephant in the water.
a elephant which is highest than other.
A young elephant resting his trunk on another young elephant.
an elephant on a step.
A Television Set Where something is playing.
TV screen with blurred image.
A purse being held by a woman on the left.
Dark colored shoulder bag.
A boy with blue gloves in his left hand.
boy standing in the ground.
The back of a brown leather couch or recliner.
A grey color leather finishedsopha in which, it is partially visible in the picture.
A pair of forks laying beside a plate of a hotdog.
silver fork closest to the plate.
the person in white.
Man sitting on the floor in khaki shorts.
A light brown horse in black and white picture.
A lightly colored horse facing the trees.
A urinal beside a divider, not in a corner.
A white urinal hanging on the wall to the right of another urinal.
A blue racing motorcycle with a number on the back.
Blue motorcycle with the number 35 on back.
A baseball player with a Boston jersey and a dark cap.
the man on the left in the right hand picture.
A player holding a bat.
baseball player leaning on bat wearing dark colored ball cap.
A woman in a white shirt holding a green tennis racket.
Tennis player with green racket shaking hand of another player.
A pink tie that is in the middle of the other two ties.
A pink tie with a Donald Trump tag on it.
An old table with a white cat on it.
A table which cat on top.
A white maned horse looking at the camera and located between one horse in the foreground and two in the background.
The horse under the tree.
Table under green cloth.
the triangle of exposed table.
a ceramic cup with flowers on it in the very front.
the bowl in the front.
The man inside the glass, with his back turned.
A man with his back turned toward the camera, enjoying a conversation with a friend.
The man who is not looking away.
A man with a black pull on hat cross country skiing.
a mug on the right side.
A cup of coffee on a saucer.
a large straw umbrella in a zoo enclosure between two other umbrellas.
An umbrella between two other umbrellas.
A standing style table in the background.
An empty, small round table near a row of windows.
chair back behind left hand cake.
BROWN COLOR SOFA IN FRONT OF THE WHITE COLOR CAKE.
The giraffe all the way in the back.
giraffe standing farthest away in the shade.
Child's toilet on floor.
The portable toilet under the child.
A woman in tennis gear playing the game of tennis.
A woman playing tennis.
A big slice of pizza in the hands of a person.
The piece of pizza in the man's hand.
A park bench looking over the water into a large city.
There is one parking bench on the road near the sea.
A table holding silverware and cakes on wooden holders.
the table with the cake.
A motorcycle with a lot of mirrors and a man sitting on it.
The motorcycle closest to the camera.
An open box of donuts.
A box of different types of Krispy Kreme donuts.
A wireless mouse.
a black and silver mouse.
A woman with light brown hair holding a video game controller.
White and black cat staring forward.
A calico cat with collar on in a disgustingly dirty bathroom with mildew.
a big pizza.
half of pizza that is in focus.
the red truck that is parked next to the bike.
A red truck parked a the curb.
A marble table with food and plates.
clean plate.
A young horse standing up.
a baby horse.
a laptop placed near camera.
LAPTOP IN THE WOODEN STICK AND THE BED.
A brown haired woman in a dark grey shirt and blue jean standing near a couch.
the girl in gray sweater and jeans.
The laptop in the back to the left.
The computer on the back left.
The man in the right  holding a video game controller.
man in blue shirt holding remote.
a man practising baseball in the nets.
a man throwing a ball.
A brown bear walking acros the road.
a brown bear walking on the road.
A man in a suit getting his tie fixed by another man.
man on the left.
The left half of a loaf of bread.
The split top of a muffin.
bus reading NIS TRAINING VEHICLE.
NIS Training Vehicle bus number 2565.
the person in the white and black wet suit.
Woman in black wetsuit dancing on the left.
the giraffe facing away.
A giraffe sticking its head out of the bushes to see further into the forest.
red long fruits on left.
The bunch of long red fruit.
A man with a goatee wearing a football jersey with the number 12 on it.
The man in a jersey.
Arm of the white chair on the right side.
white chair on the right side.
The chair on the right.
The stool that is nearest to the fridge.
A man in a blue shirt holding a game control.
A blond boy with a blue shirt playing Wii.
Two giraffes sticking their heads over a fence.
The giraffe with its mouth closed.
The boat to the far left.
The boat on the far left.
A small plane with an open hatch going down the runway.
plane with C-EELS.
A red double decker bus that says the happy couple!.
The bus that says HAPPY WEDDING DAY!.
the second apple  from the front.
Smaller of two apples.
An Atitalia plane on a runway in the foregrournd of a similar plane taking off.
A white, green and red airplane with its wheels on the ground.
A man in an orange shirt.
Man sitting in a chair in the living room while watching the woman play a video game.
white plate with something red in it.
The bowl to the left of a bowl of carrots and celery.
A woman wearing sunglasses and a purple tank top.
Woman in purple tank top holding a camera.
birthday cake for Bob.
The cake the man is cutting.
the baseball bat in the right.
The bat leaning on the guy with the ball in his hand.
A man wearing a yellow jack along with red pants and goggles is holding a green and purple snow board.
A man wearing a yellow coat and red pants carrying a snowboard.
A giraffe looking at the camera.
The giraffe behind another giraffe.
A woman sitting in the backseat of a car.
a woman in the car.
a woman with brown hair wearing a pink shirt.
A woman standing over a baby in a high chair.
The stool that no one is sitting on.
An empty stool between a child and an adult.
the umbrella on the left.
One of two umbrellas on the beach.
A young child wearing orange shorts under a large umbrella.
A boy in blue shorts holding an umbrella.
A GIRL WITH HER BOY FRIEND WEARING HEAD PHONE.
A girl with green sleeveless t-shirt, with headphones on the ear.
A bat with the label TPX, held by a player on the field in the right side of the picture.
a bat which is holding by red color shirt person.
The back of the clock facing away that is on the right.
A white teddy bear with black tie on neck.
White bear on the right.
The black sheep   hidden partially behind the wooden sign.
MODEL OF A PHONE WITH GOOGLE STREET VIEW WRITTEN ON IT.
The man with the apron behind the table.
A baker putting on gloves in front of metal cake pans.
The chair the blonde woman in black is on.
White fence used as room divider.
The red cup behind the other one.
a cup of coffee from Tim Horton's on a tray behind another cup of coffee.
A man in glasses wearing jeans sitting at a table.
A man wearing black sweat pants and playing chess.
red shaving razor.
A horned cow standing with her calf near a silver car.
A cow and calf standing near a grey color renault car.
female surfer walking with board.
the woman wearing a wetsuit carrying a surfboard.
A lady behind a sofa.
A girl in a black logo tee shirt and gray sweater standing behind a red couch.
The man in blue.
A oriental man in a blue shirt is sitting with a group of guys and he is holding a wii controller towards the television.
second and third pans from the eft on the stove.
the pan with a brown substance in it.
a man in light pants walking behind a man on a skateboard.
person in ablack shirt and light tan pants walking in the background.
A man in sunglasses and a red shirt.
a man wearing sunglasses.
A small girl red pants and black shirt on skating shoes.
A young girl in a ski suit wears the number 5.
A microwave with food sits on a table below another microwave.
A microwave that has another microwave on top of it.
A GIRL LOOKING A MOBILE PHONE BACK SIDE WHITE COLOR WITH HIS FRIENDS.
a lady.
A brown and white dog with a white tip on its tail and its tongue hanging out.
a dog with its tongue out.
The goateed man.
Two men in black shirts, one with a black beard and the other clean shaven, are excitedly playing a game on a Nintendo Wii.
Dark brown horse standing up in a field.
Horse with long straight black tail.
the BUNCH OF broccoli NEARER TO THE STICK.
Broccoli and veggies on a plate.
Elephant behind baby elephant.
The elephant behind the baby elephant.
A woman with green jacket, carried by the guy.
Woman with blue hat sitting on the shoulders of the person with black hat.
The man on the left.
Seat cover behind thegirl.
A couch being sat on by a woman in red.
A green, double-decker bus.
A green double ducker bus.
chair underneath woman in pink.
A beige computer chair with a woman in a pink shirt sitting on it.
Zebra body.
Zebra standing in an open field in front of large giraffe.
A lemon growing on a branch above the other lemon.
A fruit positioned above a similar fruit.
A BALD HEADED MAN IN A BLACK COAT LOOKING DOWN.
The bald man looking down.
The front view of a woman wearing black pants and a navy shirt, standing in a bathroom with her hand on the shower faucet.
A girl with short blonde hair wearing a shirt with her sleeves rolled up.
A black dog watching a dog on a motorbike.
A dog with long hair watching a dog ride a motorcycle.
the man on the right in the right hand picture.
A man using a laptop.
A woman in jeans and a blue top with lace trim standing over two girls playing around a yellow fire hydrant.
A woman wearing a blue shirt and jeans.
A silicone cup of almonds sits beside some carrot sticks.
The container with almonds and carrots.
The bus to the right.
A double decker bus on the right corner.
Pot of the plant.
A planter on a wall.
a man was on black t-shirt.
An elephant trainer standing beside an elephant walking down the street.
The two zebras standing side by side.
Heads of the two zebras closest together on the right.
out of focus motorcycle.
The non orange motorcycle in the background.
2 FRONT BROCCOLI FLOWERETTS.
Broccoli florets rest behind the steak knife on the plate.
A little girl wearing a pink shirt.
A very young girl sittinng on a bed wearing a pink shirt with the word Love on it.
A woman in a yellow shirt with sunglasses on her head.
a woman in a yellow shirt toasts the camera.
Old man in a grey suit next to an old woman, younger man, and white stretch escalade limo.
An elderly man wearing a gray suit.
A giraffe tilts its neck forward as another behind it appears to crane its own neck to look toward the other's shoulders.
A giraffe to the right of another giraffe.
A woman wearing a gray sweater and organge scarf stand by table.
Woman wiht a sweater and scarf standing behind cake table.
An orange kite being held in the left hand of the tallest child.
An orange kite held by a boy with a white shirt.
Part of a dark brown chair with a white dog standing beside it.
a brown ottoman in front of the couch.
The man holding a skateboard.
A person wearing a shirt and jeans holding a skate board in his hand.
red, black, and white head of a woodpecker facing towards the right of the photograph.
A woodpecker with its neck extended looks out from a hole.
A pair  of shoe, mobile phoe and a glass on the chair.
chair with a pair of shoes on it.
A blue long boat.
A blue ferryboat.
guy furthest away.
A man with a green color shirt holding a mobile.
A tennis racket hanging over a tennis net.
The black tennis racket.
arm holding cell phone to ear.
A bue shirt.
The multi colored bag in the bottom right of the trunk.
The multi colored bag in the bottom right of the trunk.
A large ship with a blue body and white tower on it.
A BLUE COLOUR SHIP IN A SEA NEAR SHIPYARD.
a drinking class in the table.
The glass of water.
The giraffe facing the camera.
A shorter giraffe facing away from the chain link fence.
A man wearing gold sunglasses talking on a cell phone.
man holding cell phone.
Thick crust pizza in a cardboard box on a table.
the baked good in a brown box with white label.
a blurred picture of a person holding an umbrella in the rain.
A black umbrella carried by the middle person.
A young boy with a red, white and blue jacket holding a giant teddy bear.
A boy with a large teddy bear.
The side of the bench on the right.
The subway seating on the right side of the car, a man in a suit is sitting on the closest end.
An Asian man in a white shirt and black shorts, playing frisbee.
An Asian man on the grass who has just thrown a frisbee to another man.
a person in jeans, green shirt and white jacket.
a person lounging on the sofa with his or her face cut off.
The section of couch directly behind the mans right hand.
Blue pillow.
A large sea bird takes something out a man's hand by the ocean.
A bird right above a man's hand.
A blue drinking glass.
Blue image on very far right of picture.
A reflection of a bed in the mirror.
The bed and frame that's in the reflection inside the mirror.
A GENTLE MAN WEARING WELL DRESSED.
the man wearing the tie.
a vehicle with red light.
The rear of a bus.
A sheep with long horns that curve inwards.
The sheep closest to the camera.
A man biting a hot dog.
man eating a hotdog.
The back of a bear.
A bear facing backwards.
A man with a baseball mit throwing a baseball to someone.
A man wearing a black jacket begins to throw a ball.
A man wearing spectacles and a brown t-shirt brushing teeth with others.
a man in a brown shirt wearing glasses.
A square pizza with green sauce.
A pizza with green peppers.
Light pink teddy bear.
A pink teddy bear.
the plant on the left in the right hand picture.
the green pot nearest to the camera.
A white cow drinking water.
A white cow is eating something.
Clear vase with single pink rose.
The crystal vase to the right.
Shorter stack pizza.
A child in yellow dress posing while skeing with a man.
A young child skiier in a yellow jacket with black pants.
a man standing in the backround watching people getting ready to ski.
The man in the background who is walking up to the snowboarders.
The man on the right without a tie.
the laptop closest to the camera.
A big screen laptop with black keyboard.
A person wearing red socks, sitting on a couch sitting indian style.
A person in blue jeans sitting near the fireplace.
green flannel.
A green and blue striped hoodie.
green chair that is facing the empty white bowl and black mug.
dinning chair.
A person in yellow pikachu costume.
Woman in yellow pokemon costume.
A cream puff with white icing on it.
A scone is topped with cream and nuts in a bowl filled with blueberries.
A lamb in the right of another.
A goat turning toward the camera.
the cow looking at the camera.
A large brown cow with a white head facing the camera standing behind a smaller brown cow.
A dining room table with clothes on top of it.
the table with the clothes on it in the right hand picture.
A man in a gray shirt talking to two other people.
A man in a grey shirt.
Woman with long ponytail in yellow shirt.
yellow shirted woman.
A black horse with a white stripe on it's nose.
a black and white horse behind a mainly white horse.
a white truck that is behind pulled by a black pick up truck.
A white travel trailer parked infront of a house.
the reflection of the sink on the left.
Bundle of carrots.
Sliced carrots in between the chicken and the broccoli.
The elephant that the man is walking and guiding.
elephant in the sun.
The spoon that is in the sink, not in the bowl.
Silver spoon sitting in a sink next to a bowl.
an orange cat standing on the sink.
A cat sitting on the wash basin giving a nice pose.
A chair that does not have a cake right in front of it.
An orange chair to the left of another orange chair.
Half of a spinach pizza.
A tall giraffe in the zoo with two others.
Giraffe locked up in a cage.
A man in a purple and white outfit.
A tennis player jumping up high with his racket in the air.
a truck that is having something loaded onto it.
A truck gets filled with grain.
Elephant on the left with two tusks visible.
ELEPHANT WITH THE LARGEST TUSKS.
backpack of man with giraffe head closest to camera.
A black back pack with a man in a white Tshit.
A white bus is being towed by a white truck.
Bus being towed by truck.
person with glasses and middle length blond hair standing with arms crossed.
A WOMAN STANDING WEARING A BLACK T-SHIRT.
Man drinking wine in blue tshirt with obama on it.
a man with blue coloured t shirt is drinking.
The big bowl of salad greens.
The salad in the white bowl.
black color couch in the right side of the image.
A brown armchair in the bottom right corner.
A clear bowl containing oranges and bananas.
bowl of fruit with oranges in it and bananas on top.
The couch on which a black and white striped guy is sitting.
Orange couch that a man in a striped shirt is sitting on.
man with orange color shoe besides a fur dog.
The orange rain boots and black leggings.
A woman with blue leggings next to a woman with red leggings.
Girl wearing a white and orange Chopper bag.
The woman.
a lady kissing a man on a motorcycle.
Green colored car in the background between the street post and the police officer on the motorcycle.
A green car.
A blue boat with a dog on it.
A blue and white boat with a dog on it.
a little girl with light brown hair and a pink shirt scooping sauce onto a pizza next to a girl in a striped shirt.
girl with pink shirt making pizza.
Right-most umbrella at the restaurant.
A lighted umbrella sitting above a table in an outside diner along with other tables to the left.
A girl with blonde short hair in a black tank top standing in front of another girl.
A blonde woman in a black tank top.
An empty bowl.
the empty bowl closest to us.
The scooter to the right of another scooter.
Small scooter with four wheels.
a brown table.
A small decorative wooden table.
boy with red bookbag.
the child who is petting the goat.
The person in the red jacket.
A man in a red coat and khaki pants standing with 2 other people on the snow with their skis on.
Lemon on the right side.
The pitcher getting ready to throw the baseball.
A baseball player in a white uniform and a black hat with black nike shoes, throwing a pitch.
man with logo showing on cap running.
A baseball player in a grey uniform running to the right.
Handmade bear dressed in tin foil to look like a gladiator.
A dark brown teddy bear wearing armor in between two other stuffed animals.
laptop in woman hand.
The laptop that is being used by the lady with ponytail.
The top of a brown wooden chair behind a bowl.
a chair behind a bowl.
The person in the black shirt with blue and purple writing on it.
Person in blue colorful shirt sitting in front of large pizza pie.
A chair with a blanket and woman on top.
A Black and purple cover.
Green bench with the little girl in pink pants sitting on it.
The bench with the girl on it.
A giraffe stands behind a tree near three other giraffes.
A giraffe standing beside a tree.
The dog on the right facing the camera.
The dog furthest to the right.
A circus worker wearing a red top and black pants behind an elephant.
The man wearing red by the elephant.
Person facing a sink with a white shirt that says volunteer.
a woman wearing a white shirt with the word volunteer on the back.
A brown horse grazing.
brown horse with a black mane and his head down eating grass.
elephant on the right side with trunk up.
the elephant with it's nose up.
The woman with the sunglasses in the background.
a woman wearing round black sunglasses.
A little red flatbed fire truck.
A red pickup truck that belongs to the fire department.
The bed with luggage setting on it.
The bed to the left.
A flower vase kept on a table in which beautiful flowers are kept.
flower vase.
Middle table.
A table with six chairs around it.
A brown chair to the right of another brown chair.
Brown chair on right side of room.
An onlooker wearing white looks down at a playful girl placing a hat on a dog.
A girl in a white shirt with brown hair.
A redish-brown couch next to a wood paneled wall.
The couch with the fish sitting on the back of it.
bus on the road with four square on it.
bus with gold brown and red trapezoids on side.
A sheep that is standing behind another sheep.
A white sheep with no black spots on its mouth.
The darker car.
The black volkswagon.
A gray love seat with two blue throw pillows facing out a window.
couch facing the window.
A zebra being  hugged by another zebra staning on its fore legs.
A zebra with all four hooves on the ground.
face of person on far left.
a man looking his laptop.
a woman in a blue and grey shirt.
A women with a blue and grey striped shirt texting.
A blue chair that is behind the hand of a person.
A baby sheep walking amongst the grass.
The white little lamb.
A silver dirt bike that is parked.
The motorcycle on the left with the red and white helmet on it.
A wooden chair in front of a girl.
There is a chair on the floor.
an old air force rocket flying.
A plane with its nose verticle.
bottle of champagne being poured into glasses.
Champagne bottle.
Two brown horses are wearing saddles and blinders waiting to go for a walk.
The horse on the left, with the thicker white stripe down it's face.
A train in the background.
the black train in the back in the right hand picture.
A giraffe rubbing its neck on a rock.
Giraffe leaning neck on rock.
The purple octopus kite.
A violet color kite on the sky.
The small girl is eating lollypop.
A young girl sitting on a bench with a stick in her mouth.
The apple on the frozen tree.
The red apple.
A man clasping his hands together behind a man in a blue shirt.
man sitting behind man taking the picture.
The bear that is facing the water, to the left.
The bear on the left.
The person in the middle of two people wearing the leather jacket.
A young man wearing a black leather jacket.
A long white couch rests in the living room.
A large white sofa.
A black and white motorcycle in the middle of 2 other motorcycles.
A white and black motorcycle in between a white motorcycle and a black motorcycle.
A person with their helmet visor down.
Man on a motorcycle with black jacket, black pants, and black and red helmet.
The utensil that is in the pan.
Handle of the spoon that is in the soup.
A man wearing a blue shirt and a wide hat, standing in a canoe.
Woman with hat rowing a canoe.
guy clicking picture of pizza with dslr camera.
A man taking the photography of the pizza.
A half-eaten pizza with pepperoni, onions, and other assorted toppings.
The book cover looks like a real face.
The face of a man wearing glasses.
A woman wearing a green dress.
A lady in a green color dress.
The man in the shadow, by the window, on his cell.
A young man on the phone.
A person in a red t shirt with a rolled up sleeve.
A man in a red shirt.
the black cat sitting next to the brown and white cat.
A black cat's head.
bus closest to the crosswalk.
Red bus directly behind the crosswalk.
A black stop sign on a crowded street.
The octagon stoop sign under the traffic light.
Woman on motorcycle.
woman on motorbike.
banana bunches.
The bananas.
remaining slices of pepperoni pizza.
The last two slices of pepperoni pizza in the box.
The hands on the right.
set of hands that's holding the cellphone on the right.
a large mattress with a blue flower on it.
The container the bananas are laying on.
the tupperware directly under the bananas.
The four bananas in the middle.
The bananas.
all of the food on the table.
Food on the table.
A man in a white tank top holding a skateboard.
a man standing with his skateboard wearing a white tank top.
A black bag between two pieces of luggage.
Two pizzas nearest the person standing in the background.
The two pizzas on the back of the tray.
AN OLD MAN SIT READING SOMETHING AT ROAD SIDE.
A man in blue and khaki on a bench.
A brown chair in the floor near the flower vase.
A red chair.
the larger, darker dog.
The black and white dog.
That is a mixer bowl.
Large metal cup with handle.
The tree directly behind the skater.
The airplane on the left hand of the picture pointed towards the left.
plane tail in the back in middle.
A black and yellow taxi in the traffic having number 6897.
Black and yellow car driving down the road.
A person with gray hair and tan shirt sitting down.
woman with grey hair.
A MOTHER ELEPHANT STANDING WITH HER KID.
elephant far left.
A banana fully blocked by an apple.
Banana closest to apple.
A man with black jacket, blue jean and helmet riding in a motor cycle as sitting behind a man.
Two men on a motorbike.
man wearing blue on skis.
Guy in blue jacket.
A red doubledecker bus on the grass.
A double decker bus with the number 229 on it.
A curved green sofa with four throw pillows on it.
A large, curved, light blue couch with an ottoman in front of it.
The white car parked behind the person in the blue jacket.
A white car is back of blue jacket man.
the three piece of broccoli to the right of the meat.
zebra on right side.
The rightmost zebra with food in its mouth.
A woman wearing a hat.
A woman wearing a baseball cap.
a truck with a red back over the red coated mans right shoulder.
The back of the red truck that can be seen between the man on the bicycle and the brown truck.
It is a clear glass one fourth of the way full with water with a set of silverware in front of it.
A clear drinking glass with a little water in it next to a ketchup bottle.
Coin meter on nearest the green truck.
a parking meter on right side.
Chair with blue upholstery.
A wooden chair kept near the fridge.
A baby's black tie with white dots.
baby's dotted tie.
the hash-brown next to the sandwich.
The hash brown with a bite taken out of it.
A skateboarder attempts a jump.
A man on a skateboard doing a trick with his arms up in the air.
A Giraffe eating grass with other giraffe.
A large giraffe eating food by itself.
A chair with a laptop on it.
An apple computer on a chair.
A small SUV in silver color with mans arm.
Silver car with man standing next to it holding a frisbee with a dog jumping for it.
A black cat with red cap.
cat with one cat.
a black and white zebra standing on a field of grass.
A Zebra with white stripes in the left of the picture.
The left most and bottom most pastry.
A piece of dessert, in the front left of a pile of the dessert.
A kid in a yellow helmet riding a skateboard.
skateboarder going down half pipe.
The carrots and green peppers on the right side of the cutting board.
Slices of carrots.
the boy in blue on the snowboard.
Young boy in a blue coat riding a snowboard.
An elephant in a stable reaching up with its trunk.
Elephant stretching his trunk up high with 3 elephants in the foreground.
A topless man holding an orange and white surfboard.
White male holding a surfboard.
person on right.
A woman wearing black milking a cow.
Red couch which girl in blue shirt is sitting on.
A red couch with a young child, wearing a blue shirt, sitting on it.
A backpack on a man in a black shirt.
A bike near a woman on a street.
A bike that a woman is holding near a yellow fire hydrant.
green apple closest to the knife.
Wet green apple directly behind three other apples.
top right handheld mouse.
Close up of mouse's thumb rest.
the police officer in the middle of the other two.
The policeman in the center.
large airplane showing both the nose and tail.
A picture of a blue and orange airplane being taxied to the runway.
A black wrapper on a silver plate.
A man in a striped shirt.
The man with the blue headband.
MANGO PIECES.
A plate of mango near a plate with a fork.
Large red suitcase.
A red suitcase next to a pink suitcase and backpacks.
sofa set in a hall.
The long sofa on the right of the picture by the window with decorative pillows on it.
A girlffe who is standing near the wall with its back portion seen.
The giraffe behind the baby giraffe.
The guy in black.
An old man wearing a Black shirt.
A lady between two gentlemen exchanging rum bottles.
A lady in a white color shirt.
a zebra to the right of two other zebras.
Triangle shaped quesadilla wedge on the far right of the plate.
The quesadilla on the right side of the plate.
A pair of brown ottoman.
A small seat with no back that is nearest the white couch.
The chair closest to the camera.
The gray and wooden chair facing the tv closest to the camera.
a white couch behind a lamp.
a couch against the wall.
A bench that is at the head board of several beds.
A teenager in a red hoodie feigns embarrassment at his grandfather.
The boy wearing the red jacket.
An Apple computer the man is working on.
The back of an Apple laptop.
A woman in a dark blue sweatshirt playing Wii.
A person wearing a fire station hoodie.
A person with a knife.
Hands holding kitchen tongs.
Brown wooden bench with men sitting on it.
Bench with three men on it.
The umbrella to the right of the others.
the strange looking pointed umbrella to the right of allother umbrellas.
The legs of a person sitting on the couch.
the legs of the person who isn't in the shot.
The truck in front.
a white Mercedes commercial vehicle at a construction site.
A green metal seat with a woman sitting on it.
A teal public bench with a blonde woman sitting on it.
man in the middle.
The shortest player crouched in the middle with cupped hands.
A man in a black jacket laughing.
A MAN WEARING BLACK COAT LAUGHING.
the player marked #2.
a baseball player bending over to catch the ball with the number 2 on his jersey.
A car parked in a parking spot.
yellow cab.
Yellow cab driving down a street.
A large giraffe standing next to some people being fed.
Entire giraffe in the foreground.
the fork on the dessert plate.
silver remote lite on brand.
grey remote control between two black controllers.
The cat's reflection.
The reflection of a long haired cat.
The back of an off colored green chair with a black haired child sitting on it.
the green chair on which the kid with pink dress sitting.
a picnic table.
tablecloth.
a grey haired woman.
A woman eating a sandwich thats wrapper in paper.
A woman in black and white holding up a bowl of bananas.
A woman wearing black and white geometric shirt.
A dinner table with many people sitting at it.
A wooden table with a large family sitting around it.
WOMAN IN LONG SLEEVED BLUE SWEATER SMILING.
Blonde woman with light blue sweater and hoop earrings.
Baseball player tagging another player out.
A player who is wearing gloves in one of his hands.
A black skateboard with yellow lettering.
A black and yellow skateboard mid stunt.
A player in white and red sliding into a base.
A baseball player running into a base with his left leg up.
An orange with a black sticker on it.
A whole orange.
A zebra's rear end who's face cannot be seen.
A zebra fighting with another zebra outside.
brick square with a black top.
small ramp that has the skateboard near it.
A baseball player leaning down behind the batter in all black.
An umpire wearing black standing behind the catcher.
white microwave underneath a black one.
white microwave on table.
Pizza on wooden board.
Pieces of pizza sitting on top of wooden cutting board on table.
A giraffe looking to the left.
The tallest giraffe facing the tree.
the left parking meter.
A blue parking meter with time left on it.
A light blue teddy bear shaped stuffed toy with a bow and small bell.
the blue bear with a bell and a bow tie.
man in a red tshirt holding a game controller.
A man playing Wii.
The teammate in green and white in back not pitching.
A baseball player behind the pitcher.
A white bowl sitting on top of two saucers.
A white cup sitting on the white saucer amongst a bunch of dirty dishes.
blue mug in the right hand picture.
A blue coffed mug with Old Taos Guesthouse on it.
A bloody sheep on the grassy pasture who just had a baby.
A sheep with blood on its hind leg.
The bike lying on the ground on the right.
A motor bike parked amongst other motor bikes with its front wheel facing the right.
A red Honda motorcycle on the grass in front of a couple of motorcycles and a few cars.
A light colored horse with his back towards th camera.
A horse standing in between 2 horses.
Vertical oriented stop light.
A traffic light hanging vertically.
The pizza in the middle.
A portion of meat quiche right in front of a serving utensil.
A man wearing a gray vest.
The man on the left wearing a vest.
A cow with a green marker on its ear.
The cow with the green tag on it's left ear.
Tallest giraffe.
A small white line skin giraffee.
A young woman with brown hair holding a phone to her ear.
The woman on the cellphone.
A man in a white shirt, leaning over and smiling as he takes a piece of pizza.
Darker colored guy in glasses standing in white shirt over pizza.
The sink on the left.
A square sink to the left of another sink.
the right bear in the right hand picture.
a bear looking at the ground.
A gray empty bench with black iron arms.
The long empty bench.
Tilted wine glass.
A wine glass filled with some wine.
this zebra is to the right of two others.
A zebra facing left.
man wearing red shirt.
A bearded man in a suit and tie with a red dress shirt.
A woman in black pants and white shirt holding a yellow umbrella.
Woman on left with yellow umbrella.
A man in a suit with a cowboy hat holding rope and calf.
A man in jeans, jacket and cowboy hat who is assisting with  moving a calf.
chef in black chef coat.
A bearded man in a black chef's coat and apron.
A train in a subway station is parked on train tracks.
A white train with an orange emblem on the front.
A man in a black shirt speaking to a woman.
A man wearing a black shirt and sitting with a Mac laptop on his lap.
cat in front with white tips on ears.
Cat looking angry.
A table with a small vase on the background of a large vase.
The table in the background.
A woman with a blue headband holding a tennis racket.
A player who is wearing a blue band on her head.
A boy holding water and can and lunch box.
A young man carrying thrmos and frisbee.
racket with the guy who hold goggles.
wooden chair sat on by kid.
A wooden chair with a child.
Brown leather couch closest to the coffee table.
a black couch with a fur throw on it right next to a coffee table.
Small portion of a hot dog on a bun with mustard and other condiments on it.
yummy burger.
A white wicker chair behind a cat.
a white wicker chair behind a table.
Lunch meat stacked atop a slice of bread on a cutting board.
slice of bread with deli meat on it in background.
Arms of a person in black resting on the table.
Black fabric object sitting on the left end of a wooded table.
backside of a purple 3 wheeled motorcycle.
purple bike in the right hand picture.
the largest sheep.
A sheep with its wool standing next to a wall.
elephant in corner of picture in water.
The backside of the black animal in the right of the picture.
The man in the sweater holding the menu.
a man with a black sweater is making a weird face.
A girl is speaking over phone.
A young girl in a white sweatshirt talking on her flip phone.
The leg on an adult cow, partially hidden by the grass.
The cow leg.
a glass of drink on a table.
a glass of black beer.
black dog.
a black dog with light paws wearing a red bonnet.
An empty plastic chair.
An empty plastic chair on a patio with two children sitting in other chairs.
A giraffe that is peering over a fence.
The giraffe in the behind the others that you can still see most of its body.
The rear end of a zebra.
The back of a zebra that is turned around from the other zebra.
a patterned chair in front of a bookcase.
A wing-backed armchair with colorful floral upholstering in front of a bookshelf.
A well made bed, with a turquoise towel on it.
A bed with a green towel rolled up on it.
a traffic light with four vertical lights with second from the top glowing red.
The light facing the direction of the camera.
A Dell computer monitor sitting on the top of a desk.
A desktop monitor.
Woman dressed in all black.
A person under a round bird cage.
A young boy doing a skateboard trick on a blue board.
A man jumping with a skateboard.
Business woman standing beside a man in an office.
Woman wearing dress and black jacket.
A blurred out vase stands behind a vase in the foreground.
a person wearing a blue hat.
man walking away from tennis court.
A man in the iceberg.
A man wearing violet jerkin, sliding on the wall at night.
A orange stuffed namila with other stuffed animals.
a brown bear.
the snowboard with the red letters on it.
The black skiis.
A baseball Player hit the ball with bat.
A baseball player in white hitting the ball.
A girl wearing yellow sweaters.
WOMAN INYELLOW.
A woman in white playing tennis.
A person not holding a tennis racket.
black tray of rice.
container filled with rice.
wooden big bench.
what the man is sitting on - a wooden bench with open slots.
a woman in a blue evening dress.
A young woman in a blue prom dress with matching eyeshadow.
The chair nearest the purse on the floor.
A sliced pizza with chicken and orange cheese.
The pizza in the box has cheese and chicken on it.
The pink tie.
a white horse.
A white horse.
A batter.
A kid swinging a bat wearing red shorts and a knee brace.
A giraffe looking away from the camera in a zoo.
A giraffe near the fence.
Babies Crib.
wooden crib.
a bench with a woman in a blue sweater sitting on it.
black park bench woman holding book sitting on.
A man playing with a cat.
A male holding a white,brown and black hair cat in one had and a green bottle in the other.
The middle cow in a group of three looks at the camera.
A brown cow standing in the snow between two other brown cows.
boy in light blue/gray shirt.
Boy with light blue shirt and white undershirt.
A girl in blue cuts a cake.
A woman cutting a cake wearing turqoise.
A man wearing jeans grinding with his skateboard.
Man on skateboard doing trick.
two giraffes.
White bowl filled with cheese and silver knife.
A bowl with a knife laying across the top.
A small girl in a blue dress with white spots eating.
A small girl in a blue and brown dress.
A brown color bear in the hands of a girl.
A BROWN COLOR TEDDY BEAR HOLDING A BLUE COLOR NECK CHAIN WEARING BABY.
player in background who is looking down and leaning against the chainlink fence.
big colorful bus with PARTY BUS painted on the back.
a party bus.
A hotdog being held in front of a man in a black shirt.
A hot dog in the bottom left picture.
lonesome chair in foreground next to tv.
An empty wooden chair with a seat cushion.
the food at the left end of the row.
top left corner pastry.
The vehicle that is brown in color.
The brow truck.
Darker colored bus.\.
Double decker bus veering to the left.
 Boy Wearing White Tshirt having his dinner along with his freinds.
Short child wearing a white t-shirt smiling at the camera with food in front of him.
A dog lying on the bed with a green color pillow near its back.
The white dog sleeping on the bed between the two other dogs.
cat on toliet not reflection.
cat sitting on toilet tank.
A white bowl sitting a plate with purple substance and bananas along with a plastic spoon.
Bananas and jam in a bowl.
Fork in corner of tray.
fork on the tray in the right side.
A bright green fire hydrant.
Green animated fire hydrant with foot on top edge.
the plane on the left.
The airplane by the large oval.
Distant glass of dark liquid.
The dark brown mug.
PLASTIC CUP WITH RED LID.
glass with red top.
A green car parked in a sunny spot.
dark colored car parked on the far left.
The girl who is adjusting the berets in the toddler's hair.
A girl braiding another girl's hair.
A black keyboard.
The black keyboard for the desktop.
An adult elephant following behind a baby elephant.
An adult elephant with a long trunk that touches the ground.
A bicycle covered in plastic leaning against the wall.
A bicycle with plastic over the top propped up against the corner of a wall near the doors.
A painting of scissors that is sitting on a chair.
White chair beneath woman in white jacket.
The middle white object.
a women holding baby.
woman holding infant.
A man standing at the railway station and has a yellow and blue bag with him.
A man wearing black jerkin and holding a shoulder bag on his left shoulder, he is waiting for the train in railway platform.
a white persons arm and elbow.
Arm and thumb (maybe), the one near the broccoli.
A table with a can of Sprite on it.
A counter with several pastries and a can of Sprite sitting on it.
The interior shelving of the refrigerator, not including the door shelving.
Inside of the refridgerator.
a big chair behind the boy.
A brown color wooden chair with long resting part with diamond design.
lady on motorcycle.
A women on a motorcycle.
A stack of empty paper plates on a table iwth a blue cover.
An empty plate sitting net to a plate with chocolate cake.
A person wearing a black, having his hands beside on the plant bottle.
The arm of a man sitting down.
Silver SUV in front of UPS trucks.
Silver SUV with black roof rails.
back portion of the car in right side.
A car with partial viewble in picture.
A piece of beige cake next to a spoon.
delecious pudding cake served in a plate with cream and chocolate cake on the table.
The elephant which is in the centre of the picture.
A large brown elephant is standing in a area of dirt.
Young boy about to take anothe rbite of a partialy-eaten hot dog with a ribbon tied around his wrist standing next to a table with folded yellow shirts.
A male kid eating a hotdog.
centermost plane.
middle plane.
The woman in the purple dress putting coins in the meter.
woman in purple.
A man wearing red color T shirt placing his right on computer mouse.
A MAN WATCHING HIS LAPTOP WEARING RED COLOR T SHIRT AND WEARING EYE GLASS.
the bottle behind the mouse.
Red-capped bottle in background.
a woman bending over.
woman standing bent over.
A steel fold-able table.
The tablecloth that the people are mostly around m.
the person with dark hair.
A woman with glasses is at the counter.
A beach umbrella located in the foreground in between two others in the background.
black color umbrella in the front of the image.
A small giraffe near a brick wall.
A baby giraffe with its head turned toward the camera and an adult giraffe appearing to kiss it on the head.
A wooden stair, 3 steps from the ground, behind a little girl in a pink jumper.
the wood slat behind the pink child's head.
A person in a black leather coat surrounded by luggage.
The man wearing a black leather jacket.
The man in blue.
A man in a blue shirt.
A chair closest to a plant is placed at a table.
A metal outdoor chair around a table with other metal chairs.
The pizza which has onions and olives as toppings.
the far away pizza.
A man carrying a dog in a backpack.
A white dog in a red and black backpack being worn by a man.
A baby giraffe next to two larger giraffes.
The shortest of the giraffes.
mini cake with a black bow on top and black and blue stripes around it.
mini cale with brown bow an blue stripes.
The upper part of a birthday cake that was dedicated to a little girl.
large cake with a 60 at the top.
An apple in the right hand of the boy you can't see his face.
the woman in a black dress with white flowers on the skirt.
A set table with a white tablecloth with a turkey and salads.
The table with seven chairs shown around it.
red shirt kid with no number.
A boy in an orange shirt running down a sidewalk.
The man in a plaid shirt eagerly watches his friend.
A man in a plaid shirt drinks wine with another man.
A man with dark hair wearing a white and black shirt is playing frisbee.
The man in the white shirt who is standing behind player number 45.
The hot go furthest to the left.
A sausage wrapped in pastry, lying alongside some baked beans.
A sky blue Toyoda.
Light blue camry sitting along the road.
A woman in a uniform between tow other women.
The girl in the FFA jacket who is in between two other girls.
A lady wearing goggles eating a sweet.
a woman with sunglasses eating.
Brown horse standing behind sandy colored horse in field.
A brown horse behind the palomino horse.
The harnessed dog whose tongue is flapping above it's lip and under it's eye.
dog with blue harness.
red bus.
A red bus parked in a lot with other vehicles.
a black bird starring at an half apple.
The black and yellow bird.
A man in a green thirty has curly hair.
A man in a solid green shirt.
A bowl of soup.
the soup that is on the wooden table.
BLACK COLOR BAG AND GLASS TABLE.
A black table.
A man in a red jacket holding an umbrella.
A man wearing a red jacket and black pants walking in the snow holding an umbrella.
The bowl of sauteed mushrooms.
a bowl with rib tips in it.
the horse facing the camera.
a light brown horse in front of a dark brown horse.
The head of the elephant leading the pack.
The elephant in the lead.
the white chair on the left in the dining room that you can see the full back on.
a white chair closest to the camera.
A small sealed mason jar full of lemonade.
A small glass jar filled with lemonade with a metal lid.
The plate.
A plate with some brocolli in it.
The man wearing a light grey t-shirt who has a short beard and mustache.
A man in a gray shirt sitting in a booth with a pizza in front of him.
A blue and black bag near the brown shoes.
A blue and black round bag.
the second horse from the right.
Horse with some white on his neck and a white front leg drinks from a river.
Brown haired woman with glasses with white tank top.
A woman wearing a white tank top.
An elephant with its trunk on another elephant.
An elephant rubbing his trunk against another elephant.
a woman in the football.
a girl wearing white t shirt and black pant.gray shoes.
A man with a mustache wearing a brown hat, black embroidered shirt sitting at a table.
man with facial hair with a hat.
a passing car.
black car in the right hand picture.
The base and seat of a white porceline toilet.
toilet seat.
The sitting bench of a picnic table.
The seat of a blue picnic table.
The whole pizza in the background.
A cheese pizza in the background.
Front zebra.
The zebra in front of all the others.
a black swivel chair.
A black chair.
a kid pitching a baseball.
BOY THROWING BALL.
The television with the black housing and the light reflecting in the top middle.
Movie playing on a tv with foot in picture.
a plane with the number 854 on the side.
An unoccupied airplane with yellow wings.
Empty chair near six pack of beer.
empty chair in the front side of the image near the bag.
Black and white tire with a sun glint on it.
The back portion of the back tire of the pink bike.
Balding male with mouth open.
A guy wearing a gray collard shirt watching someone play the Wii system.
A brown and orange backpack.
Brown bag in  a car.
the person in the right who holds the spoon.
hand reaching for the cake.
A yellow bowl with two small fish in it.
Yellow food with fish on top of it in a yellow tray.
Red and blue car with the license plate number LAO2NTK.
Taxicab.
A cup with coffee.
A grey cup filled with a drink with a brown and white swirl on it.
a partially seen table with no tray on it.
A slice of cake with light frosting on a plate.
The clock face on the floor in front of the womans right toes.
A plate made like a clockface directly in front of a womans big toe on her right foot.
A man in a tuxedo leaning on a chair.
A boy standing in the middle of another boy and a lady who is sitting.
The person on the far left.
The woman with the huge pompadour.
black bench with a man on it.
part of a bench to the right of a man.
The head of the white animal looking at the dog.
the head of an out of focus white lamb.
A horse eating grass.
A mother and her baby horse grazing.
AN OLD DAY WEARING BROWN COLOR HALF TROUSER AND SKY BLUE COLORED SHIRT AND WEARING GLASS.
the lady in glasses dancing.
A gray chair being sat on by a man.
A chair is being sat on by a man in gray.
man carrying bananas.
Man in a strip shirt carrying bananas.
Almost completely eaten sandwich.
a half eaten sandwich.
A man wearing a blue shirt and striped tie.
A gentleman wearing white slacks, blue shirt, and striped tie stands at the rear of a grass tennis court.
A row of seats with one person with tan pants sitting on it.
A bus seat that can accomidate two people wide with a woman sitting in the seat by the window.
The man in the blue shirt and red tie.
A man in a blue striped dress shirt and a red tie next to a woman in a dress.
a person in a white sweater.
A person in a white and gray sweater.
Blurry green rock behind the plant.
Green rock hiding behind ivy.
A man dressed in all black with a black backpack.
The man with the black backpack strapped to his chest.
woman in red strapless dress.
A woman in a red strapless dress and the half of the man next to her vertically.
A closeup of a apple laptop.
A laptop that is very blurry.
A PC MONITOR ON A TABLE.
A large computer moniter sitting on a table by the bed.
A girl with strap less tops, sitting on the road starring at her mobile.
A woman sitting with a device in her hand.
man standing in the backside with ash color pant and blue color t-shirt.
A person standing in a blue and white shirt with khaki shorts.
Man in front of a toilet.
a man in an army uniform is standing up over a toilet next to another man.
A young boy wearing yellow shoes.
The boy in the middle with yellow shoes.
The blurry chair in the back.
The person on the back right, almost completely obscured.
Man with white cup in hand.
A zebra's tail showing just in the view of the picture.
tail of left most zebra.
A woman in a brown shirt playing the wii.
woman in brown coat playing Wii.
Boy in blue checkered shirt who is sleeping.
A sleeping toddler in a blue and white plaid shirt.
The golf cart with the yellow hood.
The yellow and red vehicle behind the black truck.
The man with the black shirt.
skateboarder with black knee pads.
A woman standing next to a man wearing a red scarf.
A black woman in an orange and black dress next to a man.
A notebook containing homework.
An opened spiral notebook with written notes.
a chair facing a tv with a man in it.
The chair that the man is sitting in.
A plate of pizza on top of a marble table with a glass of tea.
Table where the guy is eating his meal.
A woman wearing a black dress and wearing a glass.
A woman wearing glasses and a black dress.
Truck in the front of the line with CINZANO written on it.
Side of a CINZANO double decker bus with many windows.
lady bathing in the sea fully dressed.
The person wearing the wetsuit in the water.
A man eating the pastry.
a man in a white shirt eating a cream filled long powdered doughnut.
Some sliced apples on a plate.
The sliced apples.
A gray keyboard with a green note on the top and a green mouse button.
White keyboard with a green built-in mouse.
The part of the bedspread that is to the right of sewing machine and above the blue and white thread.
The train on the right.
Car 306M.
The half of the sandwich showing tomato and mayo.
The right side of the sandwich sitting closest to the camera.
the letter above the mouse in the right hand picture.
mail bottom corner.
a brown dog standing on its back legs with a frisbee in its mouth.
A brown dog that is jumping up in the air to catch a frisbee.
The leftmost zebra drinks from a pool of water.
A ZEBRA IN THE FIRST POSITION OF THE THREE.
The laptop of the person wearing all black.
A laptop being used by a man with glasses.
A woman in pink standing behind two men with tennis rackets.
person wearing a pink shirt and hat.
A dark colored boat.
Blue and white boat to the left of the man.
The chair on the left.
The chair on the left of the of the table.
Man in bright blue snow pants on skis in front of a young girl.
The adult on the skis holding the girls hand.
The giraffe in the back holding his neck down lower than the others.
giraffe facing left.
A SILVERAND BLACK MOTORCYCLE PARKED.
A silver motorcycle with a man standing next to it wearing a helmet.
The chair that the woman is sitting on.
wooden chair with white cushion in the left side in the image.
The man with the wii remote on the left.
A man with glasses holding a wii controller.
Over-stuffed chair covered in tan fabric with cushion leaning back.
a beige colored chair.
the dinner table.
the brown color table with cups and plates.
The chair that the man in a black shirt, hat, and glasses is sitting in.
Chair under man in bkack shirt.
a white pocket camera.
white colour camara.
An old man holding a wine glass, sitting next to two women at a table.
A man wearing black color coat with the wine glass in his hand.
living room furniture.
Gray couch with a black dog on it.
A blue train.
A blue colored train consist sits in the station next to a yellow locomotive.
snowboarder wearing goggles and black hat.
a snowboarder.
The red, yellow and blue colored bus.
a weird bus.
An empty sauce pan sitting on the stove.
An empty silver pot has a silver wish in it.
An oven to the right of two microwaves.
A microwave that is attached to the wall, floating above the counter.
A giraffe  standing in front of two other giraffes.
a tall giraffe looking at a woman wearing blue.
A man in a green shirt.
A man who looks like he is climbing a tree but he is really playing frisbee golf.
The empty folding chair in full view in the corner next to the woman.
the empty chair sitting on the girl's left side.
A NASA jet transports a Space Shuttle in the air.
plane carrying space craft.
A WOODEN CHAIR IN THE CENTER OF THE TWO OF THEM.
wooden bench in the image.
The person with shoes on.
A man dressed in black is sitting on a couch.
A cup of coffee on a table next to a birthday cake.
The coffee mug to the left of the cake.
An authentic taco in the middle of two other tacos, with pineapple on top.
The second taco on the dish looks hot.
A round, clear vase holding some flowers.
A oval shaped flower vase.
A giraffe in front of another giraffe standing next to the rocks.
A white over the shoulder purse.
a bag of a woman in cheetah clothing.
An adult and baby bear standing on a ledge looking out to the left.
adult bear.
DO NOT SEE THE OBJECT IN CONER.
The chair directly behind the person with the skeleton tie on.
the left giraffe in the right hand picture.
big potted plant.
The large potted plant close to the ceiling.
A smiling bear covered in green moss.
Rocks that look like Winnie-the-poo, facing the camera.
A woman holding a camera.
An older woman with grey hair, a camera, and wearing black pants.
The ship labeled URBAN PIRATES.
a pirate ship  that says Fearless.
Two sporty-looking motorcycles next to each other on a road.
The front motorcycle.
The beige and brown duel recliner.
A love seat with light brown seats and dark brown sides.
woman walking up steps.
A lady walking up the steps.
a bunch of bananas next to some peaches.
The bunch of bananas on the left.
A township 7 wine bottle standing on a table next to two similar wine bottles and two glasses.
The leftmost of three bottles of Township wine.
A blue table that people are sitting at.
Four girls having their breakfast in the dining table.
A piece of sandwich which is on the left side.
A tomato and onion sandwich to the left of an identical one.
A young baby eats a banana.
A little baby taking a bit out of a banana.
the ram in front with his head down.
A man holding remote with lines shirt.
A man with white lined shirt holding the joystick.
A woman in a white shirt.
Fat girl in white shirt plays wii.
The van directly behind the horse.
A women in a red shirt looking at a horse.
A lady wearing capri pants.
The woman wearing a hat.
The woman wearing a hat.
A man in a dark hat wearing argyle socks.
man on right side.
The yellow truck.
Yellow truck.
A women with black and yellow dress.
A woman in yellow and black sitting at the table with others.
A man wearing a hat and sunglasses sitting on a motorcycle with a woman behind him holding onto his shoulders.
The person with sunglasses.
A man cutting someones hair.
Barber who is cutting hair.
red fire truck\.
The front end of a red fire truck.
A giraffe is walking behind some rocks and bending it's neck at a slight angle, with one zebra a little bit away from it.
The giraffe on the right near the dark rocks.
A white motorcycle with the letters NYPD.
NYPD bike being ridden by black cop.
a man with black dress cutting a cake.
The man in the suit cutting the cake.
A elephant sitting in the water underneath its mate.
A female elephant that is being mounted by a male elephant.
man in blue shirt and white hat.
man in fishing hat.
Seven zebra together in the wilderness.
man in red.
The boy in the orange shirt holding a wiimote.
A man in a tan shirt.
A man wearing a tan shirt.
A girl in a hat is laying down.
Girl lying on the floor with a hat on and glasses.
A zebra looking to the right.
The baseball catcher in red shirt and black face mask standing in front of the umpre with a blue shirt.
A catcher in a red shirt playing baseball.
a man in a blue t-shirt.
A man with brown hair, wearing a blue shirt and denim jeans holding a wii controller in his right hand.
The catcher in the black jersey.
A baseball catcher wearing a black helmet.
A white police motorcycle in front of a police car.
A police motorcycle.
elephant with man wearing yellow shirt on it.
An elephant being ridden by a man in a yellow t-shirt.
A silver bread bowl with a white napkin and roll inside.
A silver bowl containing a cloth white napkin and a bread roll.
The black remote next to the kitten.
remote controller with a green button.
A large brown bear next to a pink bear.
A tan colored stuffed bear with slightly curly fur.
A WHITE SOFA SET WITH PILLOWS.
The white couch facing the television that is between the two end tables with lamps on them.
A blue cloth on a table.
A long picnic table adorned with a blue and pink pastel cloth, and two sheet cakes.
The blue cow with peace emblem.
A blue bull statue in a grouping of other bull statues.
A glass of a clear beverage.
Clear glass with liquid sitting in front of plate with sandwich.
Man in blue uniform on the right side with his hands in container.
A Navy cook with his hands in a large mixing bowl.
A rust colored sofa facing the burgundy curtains.
A couch that seats three facing a loveseat.
Man in black jacket with arms crossed.
the guy on the right in the right hand picture.
the top of a cake.
A baby bib with a monkey in a red ball cap and the word fusiness.
A red double decker tour bus.
A red double decker bus.
The screen with above the blonde hair woman's head.
A television hanging on a pole over the head of a woman in a white shirt.
The front of a blue van with a dog sitting in the driver's seat.
A dog sitting in the driver's seat of a blue vehicle.
The laptop in the right.
There is a wide laptop on the table first from right side.
a banana slice to the back right of an apple slice.
A white bench with a man on it.
the white bench between the man and woman.
A man in an orange shirt smoking a pipe and susing a dell laptop.
A man in a yellow shirt, holding something to his mouth.
airplane that is higher in elevation.
The plane that is highest above the water dropping smoke.
A little grey stuffed animals behind the white cat.
A small stuffed toy cat with a pink bow, gren eyes, and a plastic face.
A persons hands  holding a slice of pizza.
hand in pizza.
A woman in a floral top.
A LADY HOLDING PAINTING OF TWO DUCKS WITH HER COLLEAGUE.
A old lady with her hand around an old man with his glasses on his forehead.
The woman in the green shirt has her arm around the shoulders of the man in the plaid shirt.
A middle aged white male with red hair and a beard, wearing glasses, wearing a light blue shirt and carrying a grocery bag.
A man with a beard, holding a newspaper and a plastic bag.
Truck bed seen through rainy car window.
The green truck that is in the picture.
An adult elephant.
the elephant is walking near desert area.
black man.
The man in the striped polo and khakis.
a baby elephant walking with a parent elephant.
a baby elephant standing next to an adult elephant.
A bear sitting down.
Back of a whit bear.
Comfortable air chair.
A green couch with a man sitting in it.
A man in a white shirt with green sleeves stares intensely ahead as he plays a Wii game.
Man with beard and mustache playing a video game with his hair sticking straight up.
A woman wearing a blue shirt and black pants.
the woman in the blue shirt.
Woman in red on phone.
A woman in a red shirt and dark pants.
person's blurry face.
A blurry face of a person.
The girl in the black shirt.
rear view of a woman in black shirt and blue jeans.
A woman in a dark blue shirt and an apron.
The woman on the farthest left.
A wine glass next to the water pitcher.
The wine glass with red win in it on the left side of the table.
the motorcycle between the blue and all black motorcycle which is facing towards the parking line.
A reflection of a green toothbrush in a mirror.
A reflection of a green toothbrush.
A boy tennis player shaking hands with a girl tennis player.
man in a white shirt and shorts holding a tennis racquet and shaking hands.
A chair that is seen in the middle of the two person.
Blue leftmost chair.
This is a very colorful snowboard.
The snowboard that is airborne.
Man looking at his cell phone white in a coaster ride.
The guy in the red and blue striped shirt is texting on the ride.
A man in a white shirt catching a frisbee.
A man in a white long sleeve shirt jumps into the air to catch a frisbee.
The silver van that is about to cross the horse path.
silver minivan near man with horse.
A soccer player in a black uniform with the number 26.
A woman waitress in uniform.
ASIAN LADY IN BLACK VEST TURNED AWAY PREPARING FOOD.
An open top bus behind a double decker bus.
A zebra which is standing on the left.
a zebra standing up on grass.
A woman crossing her arms at a table.
Woman sitting behind the wrap sandwich.
purple table cloths.
an old lady with her lips puckered holding a confection.
an elderly woman eating what appears to be a cookie or donut.
This is a black chair with its back towards the camera.
The back of a boat named Ternen Gilleleje.
The vessel is named Ternen Gilleleje.
the smaller elephant.
The lower brown suitcasre.
Brown smooth brief case.
A purple suitcase, being pulled by a woman with blonde hair.
the purple suitcase.
Entire laptop behind the one whose screen we see.
the lap top on the woman's lap.
a black chair close to the camera.
The chair closest to the front left leg of the table.
the kid who eats very messy.
baby.
the most left of the camera horse.
Horse getting nibbled by horse.
the dog with the open mouth.
A dog with one blue eye and one brown eye.
A baseball pitcher in a white-striped uniform wearing a blue hat.
the baseball pitcher on the mound.
The man on the right.
A man wearing a gray sweater.
laptop in the right side of the image.
A laptop that is mostly black with the part around the mouse pad that is silver.
Lady in a tank top sitting in the sun on a bench with her camera.
A woman sitting cross-legged on a park bench with a camera in front of her.
A purple toothbrush to the right of three other toothbrushes.
A toothbrush to the right of three other toothbrushes.
A BOY LAYING IN BED WITH A BAG FROM STARBUCKS.
A young boy is holding a starbucks bag and lying down in bed on a striped pillow.
horse face.
A brown horses head looking at the camera.
a boy wearing a white shirt holding a kite.
kid in white shirt holding kite.
A bus to the left of another bus.
A bus that is slightly in front of another bus.
A plane with the number 5 on it.
A plane in the lead.
A tan cow between others.
A teddy bear that a man in diapers is lying on.
HEAD OF THE TEDDY BEAR WHERE A MAN PLACED HIS HEAD.
A slice of bread with toppings farthest from the viewer.
A piece of hearty bread with white cheese, red spread, and greens, to the upper left of another piece of bread.
Small silver BlackBerry cell phone.
The smaller cell phone.
Competion table with black tablecloth with the prize ribbons, a sign, and a cake.
A table with a black table cloth has a cake with fruit on it, some ribbons, flowers and a sign that says COMPETITION ENTRIES.
A zebra facing left in front of two other zebras.
A zebra in front of two other zebras.
The end of a picnic table with nothing on it.
This is the picnic table farthest from the camera.
A man in the background jumping to return the tennis ball.
The player that is out of focus.
the brown cat.
A black cow in a yoke with another cow.
A black Ox on the right side of the brown Ox.
The teddy bear dressed in a man's suit.
A teddy bear in a tuxedo next to one in a wedding dress.
Bear with gray and black striped clothing.
A teddy bear with a striped outfit.
glass with water in the right side of the image.
Wine glass to the right of two other glasses of wine.
The larger mug of beer.
The beer pitcher.
A white food truck that says Slider City on it.
A truck with "Slider City" written on the side.
A banana to the far left of the fruit bowl.
The farthest banana away from the camera.
A man in the background watching a tennis game.
A man wearing a tie standing behind the tennis player.
A screen shows the truck.
A computer monitor sitting on the end of a desk.
A man wearing brown color short on the right side.
a shirtless man is playing tennis at a court.
tennis player waving.
tennis player.
A man with glasses walking.
An asian business man with a blue tie.
the knife or pointy object that has the brown handle in the middle.
white sauce in plastic bowl.
A small container of potatoe salad.
the horse with lagage.
the horse infront of the visible wheel.
the zebra in the middle.
Zebra in the middle that is eating grass.
A chair with a person sitting in it with laptop.
the gold chair being used by the woman using the laptop.
A bear is in the tree.
Two pandas sitting in a tree.
a woman on a snow skating.
A man and a woman wearing snow gear and skiing.
A hand that is holding a cell phone.
The hand holding the phone.
A MAN IN A RED SKI SUIT ON SKIIS ON A SKI SLOPE.
a man in a red sweatshirt and white sunglasses on a pair of skis.
A woman wearing a black tank top in the pool.
A woman in a black swimsuit.
A giraffe.
Giraffe with tongue sticking out.
The back end of a cow.
A parked red motorcycle that has a black sear.
A red classic style motorcycle.
A blue motorcycle.
blue motor cycle.
A pizza sitting on top of the taller stack of plates.
The half full beer behind the fork.
The glass furthest to the left.
Catcher.
A professional baseball catcher kneeling behind the batter during a game.
A red bus zoombs by the passengers sitting inside.
red bus in front of person holding up map.
the wing of the plane closest to us.
A zebra with its tail sticking straight out.
Blue bathtub with pink writing holding upside down maniquin legs.
a blue tub with barbies legs sticking out of it.
hot dog with slices of circles on top.
A hotdog between french fries and another hotdog.
The gentlman in the photo that is standing furthest away from the camera, he is wearing a white baseball cap, black shorts, and sneakers with red on them.
A man standing on a tennis court wearing a blue tee shirt.
the red sofa.
red couch.
A person in a bear costume.
A man in a red/black flannel shirt with a teddy bear costume on.
ROASTED BROWN COLOR BREAD WITH IN THE YELLOW COLOR PLATE.
A little girl with long hair in front of her face.
The girl on the far left with the curly hair.
A white beach chair to the right of another chair.
chair with red cloth hanging off of it.
The cow whose head is partially visible.
the left side of a black cow eating grass in front of another cow.
wii remote closest to books.
A Wii controller with a wrist strap on top of it and touching some books.
A black man in a green shirt.
A local with green shirt.
A black and yellow train.
Black and yellow train on track with #C3.
A man sitting in a living room.
side of person wearing gray shirt with black longsleeve shirt under, partially seen to left of umbrella.
The green chair with wooden handles.
A green chair beside the vacuum.
A BLUE COLOR SLEEVELESS T SHIRT AND TROUSER WEARING LADY HORSE RIDING ON THE BEACH.
Woman in blue atop a horse.
the large ship.
a blue boat.
the blue bag in the bottom right of the photo.
a blue bag.
a white color mug which has a picture of cowboy micky mouse in it.
The cup with mickey mouse on it.
Zebra with rear to camera.
the zebra in front.
The boat that is in between the boats and has the letters APELLA visible.
A blue and white boat sitting in the sand.
the chair on which the person is sitting.
Back of the chair the man is sitting on.
The middle banana that the bird is by.
The banana next to the banana a bird is standing on.
the silver car to the right of the kid.
A tannish looking car.
a umbrella standing.
Umbrella in center of pizza.
The half of the bench the man is not on, don't include center leg and armrest.
An empty metal bench.
The piece of broccoli to the front on the right.
A tan, square chair with a pillow.
A beige chair with small pillow.
This is the foot of the man in the top left photo.
A man in black trousers.
a chicken burger with a seseame seed bun.
a burger in plain sight.
A zebra trying to catch up with another zebra.
A zebra closest to the camera.
A man on skis wearing a red and black coat.
Man in red and black standing with skiis on.
A woman with a burgundy shirt on taking a selfie with a girl in pink.
The girl in the extreme end wearing red color dress.
a black tarnished pair of scissors.
Scissors in the middle with black blades.
Girl wearing yellow and green.
A woman in a yellow shirt and gree shorts walking on a boat.
The cow closest standing on grass.
cow in foreground.
A girl earting a banana with curly hair sitting on the end.
A woman wearing glasses and a green sweater.
A cup of something is on the bread with cow picture.
the cup with a cow on it.
An elderly man wearing a suit talking into a microphone.
A seated man speaking into a microphone.
person in blue jacket sitting in snow.
A man in a white hat sitting down.
A man next to a lady.
Chef letting worker taste test his food.
A cheese pizza with a slice missing.
Large sausage pizza with a slice missing.
Black and white zebra running behind the other zebra in brown grass.
A zebra following another zebra.
A white car parked next to others.
Cream-colored car parked between blue and black vehicles by pole.
A white clawfoot bathtub in a living room by a christmas tree.
the bathtub behind the candle holders.
A little giraffe, standing by some stairs, leaning in to interact with guests.
A giraffe stands near a barrier with people behind it.
A MAN HOLDING THE BOY.
A man holding a child.
A black car.
black color second car from the right sde.
A chair with a woman in a white shirt sitting on it.
This is a chair that is being sat in by a woman in a white shirt.
Man on the right holding a wine glass.
Clean-faced man holding wine glass.
A man in a white shirt on a sandy beach.
A man in a hite shirt.
A giraffe looking away near a giraffe that's eating.
Smaller giraffe of two.
A person on a bike waiting for a traffic light.
A man in a plaid shirt riding a yellow bike.
the elephant closest to the camera.
The elephant walking in last.
A white man wearing a black wetsuit and holding a surfboard.
man.
The woman playing wearing the black and white jersey playing soccer.
The player in the darker uniform.
a yellow bus stopped at a bus stop.
yellow color bus.
A black leather chair turned halfway towards a coffee table with a couch to its left.
The chair to the left of the table.
A  man sitting in a rocking chair.
A man sitting in a chair looking at his phone.
A lady wearng blue and white sweater washing utensils in the kitchen.
A woman with a blue and white christmas sweater.
A white laptop with its screen on.
a laptop to the left side of a man in front of another laptop.
The person behind the woman in front of the camera.
a giraffe eating from a feeder in a zoo.
The largest giraffe reaching up for food.
The vehicle with the trunk open.
The trunk that is open on the deep.
taller bread on left side.
A large loaf of bread.
a man doing dishes in the kitchen.
A MAN IN KITCHEN IN FRONT OF SINK.
Person standing in front of a motorcycle.
A person wearing a blue jacket with writing on the back.
Player in a green shirt.
Soccer player reaching for a ball.
Girl in red shirt on far right.
Young girl wearing a red collard shirt not wearing glasses.
A vase filled with flowers with two taller vases to the left of it.
Right side glass vase.
SKIER WITH BLUE JACKET.
Man with blue jacket skiing.
A man without his face showing facing two men putting on a tie.
The back of a man to the left of two other men.
a beige bench along the wall.
beige low couch.
A half of a sandwich above another one.
Half an egg salad sandwich with a blue toothpick in it.
A man in a black shirt.
A man wearing black.
The wood part of the chair behind the dog.
A brown color chair.
The man without a hat sitting on the rail.
A young guy who is sitting near and old man.
A glass of white wine in between 2 glasses of red wine.
A glass of white wine in between two red wines.
A plant in a white vase in the middle of a table.
A plant in a white vase in the middle of a table.
White van to the left of the silver van.
A white van parked in the parking slot.
The umpire in the back with his hands on both legs.
The batter, umpire and crouched catcher all await the incoming pitch.
A man with a white headband on.
A man in a black shirt and white headband holding a racket to the right of a group of people.
Bush closest to the cow.
A baseball batter swinging his bat.
A batter standing at home plate.
Unpeeled banana with brown spots sitting on the left side of another banana.
two unpeeled bananas that are getting old.
a hand with a fork in it aiming at pizza.
The man dressing in pink colour dress.
The lighter of the two cows.
The lighter bull closer to where the men are sitting in a box.
The car right behind the tennis player.
The man to the right of the other men.
The guy behind the neck of the guitar.
A police motorcycle behind another motorcycle.
A police motorcycle parked behind another motorcycle.
Small blue airplane sitting on the runway awaiting for take off.
A small blue and white prop plane.
A white tugboat with a green strip is docked beside a red building.
Rusty vessel.
The third from the left's food truck.
center mirror.
the center reflection of a sink.
A patterned accent chair by a TV.
A chair next to a television. .
The bed with the winnie the pooh backpack on it.
The bed that has a Winnie the Pooh backpack on it.
The player sliding on the dirt.
A player in grey sliding into the base.
A pizza on a plate with a glass of water and a glass of wine.
full pizza.
An appliance with a brown wooden top and black side.
microwave that is on it's side, with a wooden panel on the end and a black door with a white bottom.
A man is skiing in snow.
A man on skis in the snow.
A glass filled with cold water.
The glass containing water.
An elephant face forward and curling his trunk.
A baby elephant facing the camera.
Three apple slices on a table.
three slices of apples on a cutting board.
man in suit.
A dark haired man in a dark suit with a blue shirt and tie.
Front grill of a car behind a parking meter.
The grill of a Dodge truck sits behind a parking meter.
A closed silver laptop.
The closed Vaio computer.
metal bench with woman and child sitting on top of it.
black bench the woman is sitting on.
whole pizza in the back.
Pizza pie on a serving plate with serving utensil.
a woman helping a man adjust his collar and tie.
A woman helping a man with his tie.
A Playstation controller.
SONY Playstation controller on the top right of the collection.
the fire truck in front.
fire truck.
A player with a black glove.
This is a baseball player closest to the camera.
woman in black playing Wii.
A man holds a wiimote while wearing an all black outfit.
Brown color bench with green color floral printed cushion over it.
An upholstered chair.
bowl furthest to the right.
The white bowl full of dark brown meat.
The teddy bear in the middle.
doll which is in the middle.
The man who just through the frisbee.
a man in a park tossing a purple frisbee.
A player for the Orioles.
A man who plays baseball in a Orioles uniform.
a glass drink in the lady wearing a neck shawl.
Wine glasses being held by woman with scarf and man.
A woman with a red shirt.
Woman reaching into bag.
A red chair is being sat on by a man while a woman rests her hand on the chair.
The purple umbrella.
The chair across from the blue chair.
The tan chair with stripes that is across from the wooden blue chair.
A motorcycle parked behind another motorcycle at a gas station.
bike to the right.
The skier dressed in red and white with a black thing on his head.
Man hunched over skiing in red and white bodysuit.
Fruit bowl.
A table with plates, glasses, napkins, and a fruit and veggie tray.
A red bowl to the right of the white bowl.
A red bowl with spices beside the blue container.
Black and white Zebra.
A zebra.
A young woman standing sideways in a black jacket holding a piece of fruit.
The baby zebra bending down eating grass.
the black and white zebra.
German short hair dog, has lots of spots.
spaniel closest to patio.
A women with a giraffe baloon.
girl holding baloon.
a snow skier with a green backpack.
a cross country skier with a green backpack.
white wash basin.
White color real sink not the reflected on the mirror.
A bicycle without a basket.
A man on whose lap there is a remote control.
Legs belonging to someone holding the remote.
The cat on its back.
A grey colored cat is scaring by other cat.
A baseball catcher with a white uniform on.
Catcher squatting on the field.
The apple slice whose bottom is touching the cookie.
An apple slice directly above some peanut butter.
Black and white goat.
A goat with horns.
Little boy smiling with a donut in his hand.
A young boy with glasses grinning and holding up a donnut.
a man with long hair.
a man in a brown coat playing a DJ cake.
banana at bottom of all the fruit.
A banana which is seen below another banana in a basket of fruits.
man in white shirt to the left barely in the picture.
A guy in a white shirt.
A group of lunch tables pushed together with a boy in blue seated there.
a table where six children are eating.
A four-tier wedding cake with flowers and decorations on it.
The cake the couple is cutting.
The lady fixing the guy's tie for him.
A woman buttoning a man's shirt.
Brown wood chair.
The back of a brown chair and someone's shoulder.
A man with a green color shirt.
the man in the green shirt.
top, darker suitcase.
The black case sitting on the brown case.
The animal on the right that looking at the other.
a black raccoon looking at another raccoon.
A man smiling.
A MAN IN A GREEN AND WHITE STRIPED SHORT SLEEVED SHIRT.
sofa with green pillow directly across form the painting in red.
A woman wearing a pink dress holding up a blue bag.
A woman in a pink shirt with a blue bag carrying a cell phone.
A table with a bird standing on it.
A white table cloth with a bird on top of it.
A pastry on a plate with a piece cut out.
A brown pie with a slice cut out.
POTATO WITH OMLATE IN THE WHITE PLATE.
A portion of baked ziti with oregano as a topping.
A purple skateboard with green wheels.
A purple skateboard with green wheels.
AN EMPTY LEATHER CHAIR IN AN OFFICE.
A black chair.
The top oven door.
top oven door.
A person wearing a black sweater finishing their meal.
A persons arms with black sleeves.
Pizza slices on the blue and white plate.
The slice of pizza nearest to the front of the picture.
the empty space of table to the mans left.
a woman wearing animal print tights and shoes.
A woman in a pink shirt and leopard spotted tights.
A piece of meat between toasts and broccoli.
wing of plane above small plane.
Green parking meter number 68.
A parking meter painted green with the number 68 on front.
A women with a baby on her lap.
a woman wearing blue jeans sitting on a chair with a baby sitting in her lap.
Chair behind the blue luggage.
A patterned chair with a yellow item of clothing on it.
The shiney metal bowl.
Some kind of stew.
A police car.
A police car with a cat sitting on the hood.
A glass of water next to the HP sauce.
Short, nearly empty glass of water placed behind the handle of a blue mug.
dark brown teddy bear on bottom.
A gray teddy bear hanging over the back of a chair, being held by a white teddy bear.
zebra eating next to another animal.
a zebra grazing in a herd of gazelles.
far left side of bench behind bike's front wheel.
The far left part of a park bench.
A clear glass bowl with slices of cucumber.
the smallest bowl.
A chair being stood upon by a small boy.
The wooden chair the boy is standing up on.
A giraffe dips his head toward a little girl feeding him a snack.
a giraffe standing by the fence facing the baby.
A guy with a beard and moustach.
the man on the right.
A dark blue passport-sized book.
A BLUE COVERED BOOK NEAR DIARY IN A TABLE.
Giraffe with a darker colored neck.
the giraffe head is next to the rock on the right.
a cow tagged number 1127 in a stall at a barn.
The cow with the 1127 tag on it's ear.
A woman at the doctors.
Young girl image is blurred to protect her at the Doctor office.
The zebra facing you with head in the grass.
A zebra is chasing other zebras.
The head portion of a guy turned left and lying.
The back side of a person's head who is lying on bed and seen through the mirror.
The last elephant in line crossing a river.
A large elephant swimming behind another elephant.
A zebra on the left end grazing in the grass.
The zebra behind the other two zebras.
a majestic brown horse.
A brown horse.
A tall, filled glass with a yellow straw in it that is standing near a white plate of food.
A CUP , FULL OF JUICE WITH YELLOW STRAW IN ON THE TABLE.
Lower piece of food.
A piece of slice near the tissue paper.
A giraffe facing toward the palm tree.
Two giraffes criss corssing their necks.
A sailor holding his cell phone in his right hand against his left ear.
The man talking on the phone.
The flower box with the white debris laying on the ground in front of it.
A man with grey hair in a white shirt.
A bespectacled man with grey hair wearing a cream colored shirt and cream khakis checks his phone.
A black cat behind a black and white cat.
A black color cat.
the bear to the right of the other bear.
black bear behind fence on right hand side.
a table with a pair of white gloves on it.
the round table with ass-tray in it.
The cow was shouting.
Brown cow in street.
A red gloss vase with a flag in it.
A red, glazed vase with a swirly top.
A elephant walking towards the group of elephants playing in mud.
Elephant standing in the brush.
A bowl full of green liquid.
A white bowl filled with a light green liquid.
A large sandwich sitting to the left of the other sandwiches shown.
A full sandwich is on a small white plate on the left corner of a table.
pizza closest to the camera.
Man with a ponytail in a yellow shirt.
A man in a yellow shirt standing beside a child.
A double-decker boat in a river.
Bat to the right of the case.
the rightmost bat.
Zebra leaning under other zebra.
A young zebra feeding from its mother.
black horse standing to the right of another horse and facing left while standing on sand.
The black cow behind another black cow.
the woman holding the kids in the right hand picture.
The woman holding two babies.
A man with tennis racket in  his right hand is watching camera which is in  other person's hand.
Dark brown horse on the right.
The dark brown horse to the right of a white horse that is in front of another dark brown horse.
a lady in a leather jacket, black hat and leopard purse smiling.
A woman in a black leather jacket.
Man in a black shirt carrying plates of pizza.
A waiter holding several dishes.
A yellow stepping stool with bag of luggage directly in front of it.
A bench with luggage in front of it.
The suitcase to the left of the woman.
A tan suitcase is sitting on the left side of the woman.
A person in dark clothes with a backpack.
A man walking towards the fire hydrant.
A wineglass with some red wine in it and a tag with the number 64 directly behind it.
A wine glass on a wooden table.
A GIRL PLAYING WITH HER FRIEND WEARING PINK T SHIRT.
The girl in pink.
boy in white shirt holdin a controller like a bat.
A BOY PLAYING VIDEO GAMES WEARING WHITE COLOR T SHIRT AND DENIM SEEING tv.
Little boy.
A small boy in a red hat looking at an elephant up close.
A blue and yellow in the middle.
A white car behind a tree with two trunks and a white wooden structure.
A white car parked in front of a truck.
Carrot that looks dirty sitting on blue flowered pattern.
The carrot not touching paper.
A little girl in pink is standing on a chair and getting her hair blown dried.
baby on left side.
White truck.
a white food truck.
horse with man wearing 442 riding on it.
The horse being ridden.
The bottom fork that is facing down.
the fork that is upside down.
A woman in a white shirt standing with three other people.
a woman with her hands on her hip.
An empty beaurete placed on the table.
the rightmost glass.
A barefoot man wearing a green shirt and tan pants, and a wrist brace on his right wrist.
The barefoot male with glasses wearing a green shirt and khaki pants.
A doughnut hole on the bottom of a stack of four doughnut holes.
The donut is touching the blue plate.
A man with red and black coat and googles.
The zebra lying down.
The zebra lying down/.
A girl eating pizza.
Girl eating pizza.
A right hand hitting the space bar on a laptop sitting next to a brown cup.
The woman in the black dress.
a woman with a black dress talking in the background.
center image imposed over others in image on the right.
Orange vegetables in a white bowl with flowers.
A man sitting with a 'CAT' hat on.
The man sitting down wearing a cap.
smallest of three boys.
A small boy in a blue and red shirt.
chair with orange on top of it.
A wooden table with an orange resting on top.
A woman holding pizza between two other women.
a woman in the middle holding an open box of pizza.
A woman in a skirt walking a child.
The girl in the skirt holding the boys hand.
The blurry wii remote in front of the woman in purple.
the giraffe on the left in the right hand picture.
giraffie in back.
THe tallest brown and white giraffe in the picture, standing behind zebras.
the middle giraffe in the right hand picture.
A teddy bear with clothing.
A teddy bear wearing a red jacket.
A woman in red trying to stop a player from sliding into the plate.
A male wearing a blue protective vest and playing catcher in a baseball game.
A woman standing in front of a fence wearing a backpack bending over.
A GIRL STANDING THE RIVER BRIDGE WITH HIS CHILD.
person on right.
A blonde woman who is watching her friend eat a banana.
A silver fork laying on a double folded peach napkin.
A minivan that serves as a taxi cab.
Yellow hatch back taxi.
A person standing off to the right in a gray and orange shirt and brown pants.
A person wearing a gray t-shirt next to the man wearing an Orioles t-shirt.
little girl in fuzzy pink coat, jeans and boots holding hand of jockey statue.
a girl in a pink jacket.
the fork on the bottom.
lowest fork in picture.
This is a fireplace with no fire but has logs and kindle.
A fireplace with black moldings around it.
A zebra which is standing and eating grass.
A standing zebra eating grass.
The person surfing in the water with his arms up in the air.
A man on a surfboard.
A skier holding skies to the right of three other skiers.
the right skier in the right hand picture.
A small airplane with an even smaller airplane in front of it.
a large plane behind a small plane.
A dish with tomatoes broccoli and pickles.
side container with broccoli, tomato and pickles.
The directors chair in the back.
the middle piece of the chicken roll up.
The black-haired head with fingers in front of it.
The back of someone head to the left of the woman.
zebra standing left.
The zebra on the left standing.
A green cycle that is behind a white cycle.
Bicycle with neon green frame.
Closed scissors with a rope tied around it.
A scissor with rope around its handles.
person wearing stripes.
Multi colored jacket of person sitting on far side of the table.
A red bus parked to left side of other bus number HF 9126.
bus behind bus in foreground.
black kitchen chair.
a straight backed black chair.
Back of the black chair.
The top of the chair sitting next to the table.
A small sandwich with an egg type filling is to the right on a white plate.
Egg salad finger sandwich in white bread.
A bottle of DR. Konstantin Frunk Semi Dry Riesling on sitting on a table.
A semi dry reisling bottle with an offwhite topper sits on a table.
A red lounge chair underneath the man.
The chair the man in white is sitting in.
a pair of skis being held in the air.
The ski holding up above the head.
A little girl that has on a pink top and blue pants.
the girl in pink.
A wooden chair in front of another wooden chair.
the wooden chair that is positioned furthest right, in front of the other wooden chair.
A white umbrella being held by a woman on a bike.
Hot dog on poster.
A hotdog covered in guacamole and tomatoes is featured on a sign.
The keyboard of a laptop computer.
laptop keyboard sitting on black mat.
bed furthest away from camera.
bed in the left most side of the image.
a blurred image of a sliced carrot.
The long orange piece of food near the front of the plate.
A middle zebra with its head looking to the side of the zebra on the right side of him.
The rear of a zebra and the head of another zebra with another zebra.
a baby holding a white remote.
a child with a blue shirt standing on a wii board holding a remote.
A pizza pie with tomatoes, olives and basil on it in a white dish.
A personal pziza pie with olives, cheese, basil, cherry tomatoes, sauce.
The bed under all the stuff.
A bed with blankets and a pillow.
The far side of a table with glasses on it.
a green toothbrush.
black cow eating in field closest to camera.
the cow eating grass in the front side of the camara.
A catcher holding his mitt up to possibly catch the baseball.
Catcher wearing navy blue uniform, pink wrist bands preparing to catch a pitch.
Child's skis.
mug half full of beer sitting on the left of table.
Half full mug of beer to the left of the pizza.
Man in green shirt and jeans is standing with others as they prepare to cut a cake.
A man in a green shirt with his hands in his pockets.
The horses behind on the left.
the horse to the left of the women.
A beautiful dog with belt and with short tail.
the light brown dog.
The youngest child in pink sits behind the black lab.
a baby with childrens.
Man on a horse holding up his right hand.
A man on a brown horse.
A bottle of red wine, labeled ChocoVine, which has a picture of a windmill on it.
A bottle of wine which is kept in the  middle of vegetables.
bear sitting on moss covered rock on right side of mama bear.
A baby brown bear on top of the dry rock by the river.
The black mini cooper that is just under the pedestrian crossing sign.
A black car, to the right of a firehydrant.
Clear glass on table sitting next to orange juice.
A glass jar to the left of a bottle of orange juice.
The backside of a zebra with another zebra's head on top of it.
the reflected back image of a green toothbrush in a mirror.
the reflection of a toothbrush.
The man on a skateboard holding a leash.
a man in a black jacket and blue jeans walking a dog and riding a skateboard.
The plants to the left of the dog.
The green plant in the window.
a row of glasses with a womens hand.
A row of four wine glasses.
A green and clear glass.
The cup that is furthest from the birds.
A black backpack.
the hot dog on the right in the right hand picture.
The hotdog bun that a hand is holding while at a game.
A hot dog.
A container filled with red sauce.
Small dish of red dip as a part of someones lunch.
A man in a black wetsuit holds a surfboard as he enters the water.
Man holding yellow surfboard.
A boat with double corner in front.
cruise  boat.
This is a player trying to tag out the runner.
A man with a purple and white baseball uniforn and purple baseball hat.
The 5th ram from the left.
An animal with large curving horns on the furthest to the right of the group, closest to the photographer staring directly into the camera.
A patterned skirt.
A GIRL STANDING POSITION AND HOLDING THE  PAPER.
A little girl in ski gear, with a blue vest on.
A child in a blue Northstar jacket wearing a pair of cute little skis.
the top banana.
Entire uppermost banana.
spoon in cup of beans.
The bike of a lady.
A black motorcycle with a girl riding on it.
A soup bowl on which a small piece of vegetable is floating.
the bowl with chopsticks most right and low.
the woman with the maroon jacket.
A girl with dark red jerking and tied hair.
the groom.
the groom.
A banana sitting next to a bowl of green and red food.
the banana between the 2 owls.
The woman with the bottle in her hand is looking in the window.
A woman wearing a light blue cardigan looking into a store.
The animal in the middle.
A shaved, white sheep is in between another sheep and a sheep dog.
a golden dog.
the brown dog.
a giraffe off in the distance.
A giraffe with its head to the ground, sunlight is shining on it.
A red backpack with black shoulder straps.
A larger dog staring at a smaller dog.
An older man in a black uniform and black hat standing next to a red train.
Man in a conductor uniform next to a train.
The largest banana.
The farther away banana with a white sticker.
The white cup with the green drink.
Coffee cup with green foam.
A man curled up on a bed.
The chair at the bottom of the picture to the left of the laptop.
a bottle of spices blurred in the background of a picture.
An unidentified bottle is next to the pizza.
biege foal.
The mini pony.
half a sandwich facing towards left side.
The boy carring a suitcase.
male wearing suitcase on head and sign around neck.
Empty drinking glass.
A clear glass.
A woman in a grey shirt with a purse walking by a pile of plush bears.
Woman with short bob haircut and glasses with a purse on her right shoulder.
person in gray sweatshirt and shorts, standing on left.
man wearing cargo shorts and a grey sweatshirt with his hands in the shirts pockets.
The elephant in the front.
non-obscured elephant.
A green safari vehicle with a man in a blue shirt riding on top.
A SAFARI TYPE GREEN JEEP WITH A PERSON STANDING ON TOP.
young man.
A smiling man, wearing a white vest.
The fork resting on the full pizza in the back.
fork on the further pizza.
The man wearing the hat.
an elderly man wearing a black hat.
A bathing elephant  with a woman on its back.
An elephant in the water with a woman on its back.
a women sitting in the mall.
boy and girl sitting on a square bench.
A man holding a cake that is not wearing a tie.
A man in a black suit coat and a white shirt without a tie holding the corner of a birthday cake.
A small blue cup filled with various sweeteners.
A mug of sugar packets sits on a table.
A well-dressed young man kisses a beautiful woman beneath a black umbrella.
A man dressed up kissing a woman.
A suitcase that is the largest of three suitcases.
Pink suitcase on the right.
Two single white couches next to each other.
White chairs with cushions.
a young woman looks across a table.
A person sitting behind a can of coke with a straw .
the person on the right side (in the light shirt).
A kid in a white shirt.
Plane with engine wing.
An airplane sitting in front of two others.
A lady holding a wii game console playing sitting between two other women.
A woman with long black hair sitting on a couch with a pink shirt and black shorts on.
A bowl of gravy.
the white bowl of soup.
A yellow & white fire engine with the number 103 on the front.
a white and yellow fire truck.
A child in a blue shirt.
child in blue.
The man wearing jeans.
A blue wooden kitchen chair pulled out from the table.
A blue chair next to an empty orange plate.
The bowl of veggies.
A bowl filled with vegetables.
The plate of food has one sausage that has bite marks.
A hot dog next to bacon.
REMOTE BACK SIDE OF MOBILE AND TABLETS.
The remote to the left of the tablets.
A man skateboarding indoors.
A man doing tricks on a skateboard.
Small blue glass vase.
A dark blue vase.
A baseball player in a black jersey standing on the plate.
black man.
A dark-colored farm animal.
A black animal standing behind two white animals.
A green umbrella with lanterns hanging form the top.
The roof top of the canopy that has light showing it is green in color.
Zebra standing up on top of rock in open field.
A zebra looking up.
A plastic earing made to look like a donut.
A ruled note book below a diary.
The black and white composition notebook hides in the top corner.
Large red dump truck.
Trunk with a red back.
A black motorcycle.
A small black motorcycle.
A woman watching as a glass of wine is poured.
A woman in a black vest.
the wooden chair on the left in the row of three.
The wooden chair closest to the table.
blue board.
The snowboard with blue bindings.
A man holding a briefcase.
the man holding the briefcase with a long overcoat.
A young giraffe standing next to a fence in an enclosure.
Leftmost giraffe.
A pizza pie.
The pizza in the black serving dish.
a brown and white horse.
A brown and white carousel horse with gray horseshoes.
A traffic light has a red heart rather than the traditional red light.
a stoplight on red.
Three giraffes being admired by a woman.
Three giraffes.
A zebra standing in the Zoo.
a zebra that is standing.
an elephant facign away.
The elephant with its tail facing the camera.
The person with orange shirt sitting near the picture.
A man with long hair and a colorful shirt in the background.
half eaten pizza.
the half eaten pizza on the plate.
Several children at an outdoor sports event.
A man in a blue shirt.
Man holding a donut with a bite out of it.
A red sedan on the street.
a red car.
A keyboard beside the white monitor.
computer keyboard on right of desk.
A zebra with floppy ears.
One zebra is between another zebra and some bushes.
A dark-gray loveseat sitting next to a window.
A grey sofa in a room next to the window.
A man wearing a white shirt, jeans, and a black backpack.
Man wearing a white T shirt and blue jeans with a back pack on his back.
The very back of the couch.
red chenille couch with people on it.
black color chair near the table in the image.
Black chair seen behind the man.
A woman sitting in a wooden chair with her back turned.
woman with yellow sweater.
The guy in the green shorts to the right of an identical version of himself.
the man with green color dress.
A young girl wearing a Blues Clues shirt and holding a stuffed animal.
A little girl wearing a white t-shirt with a blue dog and red flowers on it.
the square car in front.
A black square vehicle.
tan sofa.
brown leather couch with a female and male using it.
a man wearing a blue shirt with beige pants standing on a beach or lake.
A man in tan pants and a blue shirt is looking at the water.
The largest piece of broccoli on the plate.
A large piece of broccoli in the center of the plate next to the meat, carrots and potato.
A man with sunglasses and red shirt sitting behind a woman talking on the phone.
A man with sunglasses riding on a bus.
A man wearing an orange hat is holding a strange stuffed animal.
Man in the orange hat.
an old street car in front of some other ones.
An old fashioned trolley in front of others.
a woman with long hair and black outfit with brown boots struggling with her umbrella.
A woman wearing red pants.
A soccer player wearing the number 7.
a soccer man with a 7.
This is a bowl filled with chick peas.
The white cup filled with chickpea soup.
The shirtless surfer still standing on his surfboard.
A guy surfing the wave.
a kite with a rainbow banner.
The parachute near the car.
A man on a skateboard.
A man with yellow helmet and white t-shirt skating within a huge tube.
a red ski on a guy's left foot.
right ski.
Apple laptop.
laptop which is being holded by the man.
Ship with white paint on bottom portion.
Small hull of a ship next to a big ship.
The man on the far right.
a man with white shirt holding his black tie.
polar bear sniffing ground.
A large polar bear with head pointed down.
A glass bowl of punch with a blue spoon in it.
A glass punch bowl on a table with pink liquid and a blue utensil in it.
A metal wok half full of food.
A small metal dish with fried rice in it.
A old ds with a purple screen on it.
A old ds with a purple screen on it.
Part of a stop light with the red light lit up.
A traffic signal painted yellow color shows red signal .
The bike that is grey and more rustier than the other.
A bicycle kept behind another black painted bicycle.
Black CRT computer monitor.
Black computer monitor on desk by laptop.
a silver flower vase.
A silver colored vase.
eatables in the plate.
Half a sandwich lying flat.
Giraffe with head in air and full body visible.
A motorcycle to the right of another.
The motorcycle on the right.
the umpire in the black uniform.
Baseball keeper on position with a click just after the player breaks the baseball bat by hitting a ball.
a man standing to the right of a woman eating a cookie.
a man with a black jacket on smiling.
A woman putting lettuce on tortillas.
a lady with  blue shirt holding a bunch of lettuce.
A man in a green jersey running past a man in a yellow jersey.
A catcher with a umpire behind him and a player in front of him.
a man sitting to keep the ball.
The hot dog on the left.
The man in the background sitting down.
The man behind the fence sitting down watching the baseball game.
A horse with a bigger white face stripe than the other horses.
the tallest candy holder jar.
A large glass jar with a silver top, closest to the oven.
Person that is looking at the children.
The blurry person in the lower right hand side of the image.
A horse so closlely to the camera.
a blurred out horse in front.
A blue SUV next to a woman sitting in a chair next to a tent.
blue SUV.
A woman talking on a cell phone.
woman in red shirt on cell phone.
A red car parked next to a motercycle with a seat and truck attached to it.
Red sedan park on a street.
Sponge cake train with marshmellows and various treats all over it.
the candy train engine.
Daily planner book open.
planner to left of bread.
Two forks and a spoon on a table.
a fork on top of another and a spoon beside food.
A bike with a yellow rope around the back wheel leaning against a fire hydrant.
bike next to fire hydrant.
a brown sofa in front of the television beside the wall.
the red couch on the right.
An electronic board reading departures.
A board with yellow text on it.
a chocolate donut.
A chocolate glazed doughnut behind a cellphone.
A girl wearing red and white shorts.
A girl with pink shorts is running.
Man riding an elephant in the background.
A white car next to the dog.
A white car behind a dog.
broccoli at 4 oclock on the plate.
A broccoli in display.
hp computer lid.
An open black HP laptop in front of a woman wearing a grey t-shirt.
The jar with green objects in it.
The jar with the green candies in it.
The handle of a white and yellow toothbrush.
The handle of a yellow toothbrush.
A sliver of a double-decker bus that is white with red accents on it.
A portion of the front of a bus that is mostly out of the frame.
the top slice of bread on the left half of the sandwich.
Top piece of bread on a roast beef sandwhich.
A table where sandwich and and drink are placed.
table counter top underneath food.
An women playing baseball in the garden.
A woman wearing a green shirt swinging a stick.
A white apple lower than the other.
A pear with bigger brown spots than the other.
A small boat with an umbrella.
an outboard motor boat.
A woman, on skis, is wearing a red jacket.
A LADY IN THE SNOW FIELD WITH HIS COLLEAGUE WITH SMILING FACE.
A little boy in a red and white shirt playing with a frisbee.
A boy in gray pants, and a red and white top, arm outstretched.
Woman wearing black clothes walking into an office where man is standing.
woman wearing black coat.
the top of a chocolate muffin in front of 3 other muffins.
the chocolate top of a muffin in front of 3 other muffins.
a white couch located directly across from a fire place.
White colored sofa in a room near two red colored sofas.
A woman in a sleeveless, greenish dress behind the bananas.
A woman in yellow reaches for something at a fruit market.
A black dog lying on a pillow on the ground.
The Doberman dog on a white pillow.
the person with tennis shoes on.
legs and feet in tan shoes.
bottom left imagel; bathroom countertop.
Sink with two candlesticks on it.
the side mirror of a vehicle.
The picture is not shown.
Unoccupied couch.
SOFA.
An airplane with four propellers and a crowd of people around it.
a large aircraft with four propellers.
An adult zebra laying with it's back to the camera.
Back end of zebra laying on ground, facing away from the baby zebra.
A hairy baby elephant looks at sticks on the ground.
A baby elephant.
The shortest wine glass.
A glass of red wine between two other glasses.
a glass bowl full of lettuce and red peppers.
ROmaine salad greens with sliced red bell peppers in round glass bowl.
A person in a pink top.
player with striped shirt.
a yellow doubledaker bus on the road.
A yellow double-decker bus.
child.
girl.
Second pair of scissors from the top.
An area of table to the right of the pizza.
The part of table right of the plate at centre.
A brown and white cow with yellow tags on its ears stands behind a fence.
A brown and white cow is standing in grass behind a wooden fence.
There is train on the tracks.
first three train cars.
A bowl of soup with a white coloring.
A WHITE COLOURED CUP FULL OF COFFEE.
The bottom of the silver and yellow plane on the right.
body of the huge silver plane, behind the red and blue.
A red and white train car with two large square windows.
A white and red train behind another train.
A pile of books on a couch, next to a smiling girl with red bangs in a black nightie.
A mess on the couch.
The orange and black backpack.
Black and orange backpack.
The black horse pulling the carriage.
Black horse next to white horse pulling a carriage.
A bench with a woman on it.
Wooden bench with a lady sitting on it.
The girl.
A gray and blue jacket worn by a young woman.
A San Francisco Baseball player sliding into base.
A baseball player who is trying to get to base but is about to be out.
The taller of two refrigerators with a toaster oven on top of it.
a white fridge with a microwave on top of it.
A man in black shirt and jeans playing with a wii.
the man wearing a black shirt.
A plastic container with sliced radishes, green peppers, cucumbers and a sauce .
A plastic bowl with cucumbers and sliced beets inside.
the bigger of the two suitcases with a white bag ontop of it.
a big black case and a gray and white case are being pulled by a man.
The man is using his cell phone.
hand holding cell phone.
The carrot that has the large white lumps on it.
a short and wide carrot with two large knots growing out of it.
The clear plastic cup to the back left.
Drinking glass near white plate.
An adult elephant with short tusks next to a rock.
An elephant to the left of two elephants.
A woman wearing a black shirt and green apron holding a baby.
woman and child on right.
A large black ceramic coffee mug sitting on a black and white coaster next to a glass filled with beer.
A grey color cup on a table.
A bowl of broccoli in the middle.
A small cup of broccoli with a white object in it.
The right half of a keyboard.
The woman on the phone.
Fashionable, longhaired young woman with a cellphone to her left ear.
This is a woman wearing a green shirt and black pants.
a lday wearing goggles, blue tsheir, black trouser standing with old lady and 2 kids.
woman in red and white striped shirt.
A woman in red and white stripes.
A skier skiing behind two other skiers.
Skater follwing two other skaters on snow.
A man wearing a blue T shirt.
A man with glasses wearing a blue polo shirt, sitting at counter with laptop.
A man on skis wearing a red beanie, plaid shirt, gloves and black pants helping two younger boys ski.
The bearded man with a brown hat.
A crying baby lying next to another boy on a bed.
The little baby with the white pajamas is crying.
A wooden chair on the ground.
A chair at the table behind the girls with back facing the camera.
the behind of a horse in the upper right part of pic.
a hot dog with relish and purple onions.
A hot dog with onions and relish as a topping.
The silver and blue motorcycle that front and center on the picture.
A silver colored motorcycle being ridden by a man.
The food on the table.
A few pastry items of different variety sit on a table.
The zebra looking at us and is the closest to us.
a zebra looking at the camera in the african wilderness.
A woman wearing a purple shirt.
Women in purple shirt.
a full grown zebra facing the left.
Zebra with the shorter of tails.
The rear window of a bus.
back half of bus.
A male cook standing up straight and watching the female plate her food.
A turquoise colored surfboard.
An aqua blue surf board.
A teddy bear in a Santa costume.
The smaller bear in red with its paw up that is by the green package.
A blue train with its door open.
blue train cart.
teady bear on right.
A light brown teddy bear with a white stomach.
The paper plate.
A salad, sandwich with bacon on a paper plate.
Arms reaching for a slice of pizza.
A person using two hands to take a slice of pizza.
A man in a red shirt.
soccer player in red.
A parker meter with rust on the lower half and directly under the word Nails.
A parking meter in front of a nail salon with an identical parking meter to it's left.
The top oven of the three oven set in the background.
Man on the left.
A man wearing glasses that is holding a child.
A man throws a snow board into the air as he waits to catch it.
a snowboarder throwing his snowboard in the air.
A child in a patterned sweatshirt kneeling on a bench.
A boy sitting on his feet on top a bench.
Rolex clock.
A green and white Rolex on the top of a pole.
A reflection of the brown bowl.
orange base of flower pot.
Girl in white cap.
A woman walking holding a tennis racquet at her side.
A low-riders with white wall towers and flame motif.
A classic car with red flames painted on the hood.
The back of silver SUV, rear window and driver side tail light are visible.
the side of the tan SVU where the tail light is visible.
The boy holding the orange umbrella over himself.
The boy in the green shirt.
A girl on the edge of a bed filled with girls.
A little girl with dark hair and pink pants and a stripped shirt.
A man in a hat and long sleeved jacket smokes.
A man who does not have socks visible.
A snowboarder in a red jacket.
Snowboarder in red jacket with black pants.
Two baby carrots in the salad are touching each other with another in front.
the fourth carrot from the left.
The bag is on the floor.
The sandwich resting on the other one.
The sandwich piece on top.
person on left.
a man seeing her.
A baseball player with white shoes.
The taller boy standing next to the shorter boy.
The girl wearing the purple shirt.
Girl with purple shirt petting a cat.
the hotdog on the left.
the hot dog made of icing on the left side.
man with folded hands.
A young person with their hands folded.
The black and white cow staring into the camera.
A black and white cow.
A bench with black handlebars.
cell phone on open book.
An open book with a phone on top.
A black and white dog.
A black adn white dog.
The cow sitting by itself.
A cow that is resting seperately.
Man in a brown jacket with a camera around his neck.
A MAN IN KHAKI PANTS WITH A CAMERA AROUND HIS NECK.
a black laptop on a diagnostic screen.
Laptop in between keyboard and another laptop.
a white tablecloth.
A white table with a plate on it.
Empty wooden bench.
Forward facing empty bench.
The second mointor from the left.
A monitor with a bottle of water directly under it.
A woman with glasses at the dinner table with her family.
the woman on the left in the right hand picture.
Man in a black short sleeve shirt with light skin.
The man running the opposte direction from the group.
Main dish.
A round plate with a main dish of food on it.
A book under a clock and a bird.
Top book in stack.
A lemon on the left side growing on a tree.
The lemon behind the other lemon.
A red suitcase.
A red suitcase standing up.
Pink and white floral pastries encircling a small cake.
pink flowers around the bottom of a cake.
A monitor with a Word document open, to the right of another monitor, on a desk with a binder of paperwork.
a monitor with blue background.
The elephant on the right who's head is not shown in the picture.
a large elephant facing away.
A few pieces of broccoli in a triangle of carrots.
A closed hot which is on the opposite side of a opened hot dog.
A large blanket on a bed.
The quilt on top of the bed.
The chair located at the top left of the picture.
the chair at the head of the table.
A bowl of whipped cream lies behind a large pile of raspberries that are sitting on some pomegranates.
A glass bowl of dip.
decrotaive scooter.
a moped with a woman in colorful clothing riding it that says Juicy Couture on it.
A man dressed in black surrounded by women.
the man in the right.
A man placing a bicycle on the front of a bus.
A man in orange t-shirt is checking bicycle.
A baby zebra standing in front of its mother.
A small zebra stands in front of another zebra and a sitting cow.
A yellow race bike under repair.
yellow and blue motorcycle.
A woman fast food worker takes a tray of buns.
The person wearing the black apron and hat.
An infielder trying to tag a baseball player during a baseball game.
baseball player on left trying to catch baseball player in white.
chair with white and red plaid.
a red and white chair.
model man.
A hand and leg.
The man riding the spotted horse.
A drink in a man's hand.
A glass of soda held by a man.
A person is standing beside an elderly person seated at a table.
A person standing wearing all black.
Glass of orange juice that someone is grabbing.
Glass of orange juice in person's hand.
A woman leaning right trying to return a tennis play.
A swinging tennis player.
An orange bus making aturn infront of a woman crossing the road.
An orange tram.
Bitten hot dog with olives and mustard.
Loaded hot dog with bite taken out.
The police officer on the Segway that says.
a police man on top of a vehicle.
The boy in the helmet behind the fence.
donut holes with frosting and/or sprinkles.
A zebra running behind the others.
The female tennis player.
A woman holding a tennis racket along with a player posing for a photo.
the man sitting in the middle.
The man wearing black is in the middle, smiling at the camera, and touching the pizza box.
Man in jeans and sweatshirts trying to fly a kite on the beach.
The man is holding the kite string.
a sheep is standing along side other sheeps in a farm.
The sheep nearest the dark shadows on the grass.
A chair in a room with people playing games.
the empty chair with butterfly wings.
There is a guy in a white jacket with his back turned.
the white jacket of the person not really seen on the left of the group.
A silver SUV on the road.
A grey vehicle is near a stop sign in the street.
Large green truck.
Water truck.
The umbrella that the two people are standing beneath.
A beach umbrella with a white pole holding tote bags.
AN MIDDLE AGED WOMAN.
A woman standing next to a man wearing glasses.
The benches to the tables on the left.
the bench seats on the left.
A white plane pulling car.
A computer monitor sits next to a torn-apart computer.
This is a white computer monitor that is not in use.
A MAN DRIVING THE BIKE AND WHITE T-SHIRT.
A man on a motorbike in a white shirt with blue sleeves behind a truck carrying a cow.
Half of a pizza closest to the two knobs.
The right side of a pizza.
A blue and yellow train with Y 133 on the front.
Train Y133.
The lady in the advert wearing the black top.
The girl in the picture wearing the black shirt.
A smaller zebra hidden behind the one in main focus.
the zebra that's barely visible in the background.
A flat-top stove.
A white oven behind a lady wearing a yellow sweater.
A girl smiling and standing in a dark colored wetsuit.
A woman holding her surfboard looking back at the photographer before she goes out into the ocean.
A girl with a black hat and glasses plays video games with another child.
a girl with glasses and a black hat.
the large truck in the very back.
Large multiwheeled truck behind a truck full of bananas.
A glass on wine on the top.
The glass farthest from the two forks.
A pug to the right of another pug.
The smaller dog on the right.
girl in yellow shirt on horse.
a girl in yellow riding horse.
a woman leaning on a couch.
The gentleman sitting in the chair wearing a light blue short sleeved oxford shirt and black slacks.
A man wearing a blue shirt and sitting on a chair.
A black and brown canine laying on a red and white couch next to a golden dog who's head is near the dog in focus' rear end.
A black bag hovering above a table of snacks.
The zipper pull of a black bag or jacket.
A motorcycle behind another motorcycle.
A motorcycle that has two people riding on it.
the man in dark swim trunks with his back to us.
The surfer on the red board.
the bat in the hands of the man on the far left.
A woman in a blue shirt sitting on the back of a motorcycle.
lady sitting on the back side of the bike.
A kid watching cattle.
Little boy in a striped shirt.
The dog which is closer to the camera.
The dog closest to the camera.
skateboarder in blue vans t-shirt.
A boy with blue t-shirt skating with the slidder.
A brown dog on a beach next to a black and white dog with a frisbee.
A large black and brown dog on a beach.
A woman with red hair and a blue sweater on a horse.
A woman riding a horse wearing a purple sweatshirt.
The sandwich has two slices of pickles on top of it.
Some pickles are laid out on a piece of bread.
Women looking at a magazine.
a person looking at a catalog or magazine.
The front of a bicycle.
one wheel of the bicycle to the right of the person wearing yellow helmet.
A giraffe at a zoo being fed by a man.
Giraffe standing in field.
A boy wearing a red shirt.
Small boy with red shirt sitting at top of table.
back side of white chair back supports.
white chair sitting next to a table.
a boy in a striped sweater playing a game.
The child in the grey and white sweater.
cushion type wooden chair where a man is sitting.
A dark blue car with dinosaurs on it.
A car with dinosaur stickers.
A woman in a blue shirt with baseball glove.
A woman dressed in a blue shirt and grey pants.
A white and blue city bus pulled up to a bus stop on a street.
The number 2012 bus.
White horse up close with black markings on it.
A white horse with black spots, has long hair, looks to be in a pasture.
A lady holding food for the swooping lady.
The woman holding the food.
a man wear white suite.
a white man in gray suite and an apron is smiling to the camera.
a man wearing a red hat carrying a bag over his head.
A MAN WEARING DIRTY DRESS AND HOLDING SOME BAG.
Large pizza in middle of table.
A very large pepperoni pizza sitting on a red and white checkered tablecloth.
A woman walking with an umbrella with two children.
woman in black coat holding black umbrella.
A man with glasses and a brown and blue shirt.
A man in a striped shirt.
baseball player with 52 jersey getting in position to hit the ball.
boy in black baseball uniform with yellow 52 on back.
a father and daughter playing Wii with steering wheel controllers.
The man in dark blue.
the smallest elephant in the image.
A small elephant drinks water between two other elephants.
The man in the blue beanie.
A skier with a blue jacket and a hat with a large fuzzy ball made of yarn on top.
Teenager on a skate pipe makes a move on his skateboard.
A boy wearing a white helmet.
A boy with a bat wearing a red and white hat.
Boy standing in red and white hat with white shirt and white pants on.
a bunch of green bananas that someone is carrying.
A big bunch of bananas.
A girl in a grey shirt.
The woman on the couch wearing the gray top and smiling.
A man with a white shirt and pink logo ridding a blue bike.
AN old man riding a bike.
The yellow bicycle leaning against the curb.
A yellow bicycle.
two pieces of fried fish in a plate.
Two racks of ribs on a platter.
A thin apple slice in a salad.
A young boy wearing a red shirt and sneakers.
Boy in red shirt.
A large zebra standing closely with a smaller zebra.
the tall zebra.
a bench with people sitting on it.
The pair of skis that the man in the blue hat is using.
the skies of the skier in front.
person in blue shirt.
A cook's apron with a colorful striped towel hanging from it.
brown vase.
giraffe.
A single giraffee near a group of zebras.
A young man in a black and white striped shirt holding a little girl on a park bench in front of an airplane.
A man in a black and white shirt holds his daughter on his lap on a bench.
Food that is still in the pan.
A bowl of meat and rice.
A man holding a basketball with the word 'Hand' on his shirt.
man taking a ball.
A glass of beer.
A frothy glass of beer sitting on table.
the sheep kid in the front.
The woman in maroon.
woman wearing glasses.
A cat's water dish.
water bowl.
A tuck with a brown canopy ontop.
A grey truck with people in the back and a man with a pink shirt and jeans.
space between two train cars.
The red train in the back.
Person wearing long shorts.
a boy standing on the beach.
A man holding a phone.
SPEC MAN WEARING BROWN T-SHIRT USING MOBILE.
a man walking with long hair.
A man with longer hair past his ears, standing to the right of another man.
A man in a white shirt skateboarding.
A man performing a skateboard trick on a concrete block.
A man throwing a ball.
baseball player throws ball wearing white uniform.
The front portion of a gray jet with pointy tip on the nose.
Plane nose closest to camera.
The full pizza in the picture.
A pizza with greens on top.
Slice all by itself on the plate in the foreground.
A SINGLE PIZZA PIECE IN THE WHITE PLATE.
An empty bottle of Orangina sitting on top of a table.
A short glass bottle with an Orangina label next to a glass with a straw.
back image of a woman in a green shirt.
A GREEN COLOUR DRESSED YOUNG LADY IS STANDING INFRONT OF THE MIRROR.
A sheep getting sheared by a man and woman.
The sheep  on the metal lift being shaved by the woman in the red shirt.
a green color umbrella.
A green color umbrella in the hands of a girl.
boat going in the front with a single person.
the white boat with one person in the right hand picture.
A huge elephant in front of a very very young elephant and another young elephant behind the very young one.
The backside of an elephant.
A black bus on a city road.
a large black city bus driving down the street.
A red firetruck with blue and red lights flashing.
A FIRE TRUCK RUNNING ON THE ROAD WITH BLUE AND RED LIGHTING.
The tan umbrella next to the blue umbrella.
The tall refrigerator underneath the microwave.
A white fridge in an apartment in their kitchen.
a plane with the words air atlantis on its side.
The airplane connected to the terminal.
the white car.
A silver parked sedan in the lot.
a man kneeling on the floor next to the bed.
A man kneels on the ground in prayer.
A whit jet numbered NX 31250.
A small grey plane.
Girl with white truck standing in line at a pink food truck.
a lady with red hair standing in front of a pink food truck.
The woman wearing a pink shirt.
A lady not holding a surfboard.
A white keyboard on a orange table.
A white keyboard sits next to other computer peripheral devices.
The hand of a person holding a pepper.
A left hand picking up a piece of red pepper.
A white clock.
A Black dial white background numbering clock shows time as 5.40.
A black, gray, and white couch pillow in a living room.
Gray and white striped pillow.
A white refrigerator beside a white trash can.
A basic white refrigerator next to a trash can.
The person wearing a green shirt with a bicycle on it.
A woman in a green shirt at the beach.
a canoe that is green, white, and burgundy with a logo on it.
a long white boat behind a baby cow.
A man wearing a black coat and hat, dragging luggage behind him.
man in suit walking down street with luggage.
A glass of juice.
A glass of juice.
The Air Canada plane on the tarmac.
An airplane with Air Canada printed on the side.
a man wearing glasses and wearing black shirt.
a red luggage case.
A red suicase is in a trunk of a car with other luggage that is black.
A open mobile phone that is near the hands.
A gray cell phone without its back.
an Asian guy in a red tank top.
Boy wearing a red shirt.
A white cushion between a man's legs.
A white pillow beneath the thigh of a man preoccupied with his phone.
A young child in a yellow shirt being held by a woman.
baby wearing yellow shirt and blue jeans.
The urinal that is standing by itself.
The urinal on the far right side, that is partially cut off.
zebra on right.
A zebra eating grass behind two other zebras.
A brown goat with its ears up.
A brown cow whose head is hidden behind the white cow.
The spoon to the left of the cup.
A man wearing blue pants and shirt.
ball picker viewing the ball.
A woman in a black jacket.
A woman sitting in a chair.
the man in the yellow tie.
A man wearing a suit with a yellow tie.
A man holding a blue surfboard.
A boy carrying a blue surfboard.
the hot dog furthest away.
a hot dog sitting in the back of a carton behind another hot dog.
Bottles of beer.
A clear water pitcher.
the water carafe on the table.
A boy in a blue shirt on a skateboard, halfway up a ramp.
A boy in blue t-shirt.
The second person in the back eating.
A man in the background eating.
Zebra behind the sideway standing zebras.
Zebra in the rear facing front.
A red car in the middle of two others.
the car in the middle with its hood up.
Man in red shirt.
a man in a red sports shirt and shorts.
The train with the words Transit on it.
the train that is on the right.
a man in a white hat.
A person on skies with a green jacket and white hat.
A woman in a silver blouse and blond hair with a Wii remote.
the woman in the short sleeve shirt with her hand by the chair.
the skateboard in the air under the boy with the brown shirt.
A skateboard being used by a man wearing black pants and a black hat.
A black car in front of a bicyclist.
A small 2 door car in front of a biker.
the woman sweeping wearing a long skirt.
a woman cleaning the streets in bright sunlight.
A old woman is having food.
Woman.
the boy standing near the fence.
The player on the right in the background.
The meter on the left.
the meter on the left.
WINTER TRUCK.
Red and black truck driving on a snowy road.
A back view of a sheep laying in a field.
An unsheared sheep facing away from the other sheep.
asian woman sitting and smiling.
woman wearing black shirt and smiling.
white plane attached to tarmac.
a jumbo jet at the gate.
woman wearing a blue shirt and vest.
Woman in a blue coat.
A brown wicker round chair with a red coushin beside a white couch.
A red seat on a wooden base.
the part of the bench that the woman in black is sitting on.
bike belonging to man in black jacket.
A bike ridden by a man wearing all black and holding his hand out.
Wine glass farthest away from the woman in the blue sweater.
the front wine cup in the right hand picture.
A man riding a bikw.
A man in a pale blue shirt.
A woman wearing a green shirt.
A woman in a greenshirt catching a green frisbee.
A man brushes his teeth with a ring on his ring finger.
the picture of the man with the toothbrush sideways.
A girl in white in front of a cake.
A white t-shirt decorated with a blue dragon.
The dough inside the black bowl.
The pizza crust to the front of the picture.
Tree with red/pink blossoms outside by the collumns.
The plant on the other side of the window, behind the cats' heads.
a pink children's folding table.
The pink table.
A man with a walking stick.
A man and a woman holding each other.
Two brown leather pieces of furniture in a living room in front of a wooden table.
A tan sheep looking up towards a man.
This is the closest animal to the camera.
A slice of meat pie sits on a plate.
A pizza leftover.
a long train.
RED COLOR TRAIN WAS SITTING THE PLATFORM.
a laptop with stickers on it and a men with spects using the laptop.
The laptop that the man is holding.
A big zebra.
The zebra whose face is visible.
chair were the cat is sitting.
The red chair the cat is sleeping on.
A large table in a open room.
The big jetBlue airplane.
Large white and blue jetBlue airplane sitting on the runway.
zebra standing facing right with another zebra walking behind it.
A zebra looking towards the side.
The back of a chair that is gray wth plstic-like material in a criss-cross pattern.
the cake with a train on it.
A cake with a multi-colored train and stars.
a zebra behind another zebra.
barefoot man in short wetsuit with white surfboard under his arm and strapped to his ankle.
man with black and blue body armor.
A boy jumping in the air.
man jumping with scatting wearing white banian.
The big elephant.
An adult elephant with an elephant calf.
The top of a pair of connected bananas.
A giraffe standing to the right of another giraffe.
Giraffe standing to the right and behind another giraffe.
a white and brown bulldog sleeping on the couch with his friend.
The brown and white dog.
Green suitcase thats being sat on.
A small suitcase.
Something black is on the left of the cat.
the back of the sheep that you can't see.
sheep in the very front.
The blue bus with people inside.
BLUE TRAIN ENGINE ON TRACK.
A skier smiling.
A smiling woman with pig tails skiing.
urinal on the right.
A urinal on the right.
A fork.
A metal fork resting on a table.
A shish kabob of assorted vegetables with sesame seeds on top.
A white plate with food on it.
An elephant with a woman on top of it with a flower in her hair.
The back of the elephant whose rider is wearing black.
The bare legs and feet.
a person's sandy feet.
man hand working in laptop.
The love seat behind the person.
bottom right corner of the table between the plate and the napkin.
A small zebra stands in the left side of the picture.
A young zebra standing to the left of another zebra.
A man in a grey and black striped shirt throwing a frisbee.
man catching a frisbee.
black nike sneakers.
A girl standing along the fence wearing a blue tennis outfit.
woman in blue tennis outfit.
a man's hand which is holding a cell phone.
right hand of the man in the left side of the image.
Shadow of a large bird with its dark wings angled downwards.
The biggest reflection of a bird.
Hairstylist in black shirt.
a dark haired woman with a tatoo doing another woman's hair.
A guy wearing a blue sweatshirt looking at a laptop.
the back of the person on far left in bright blue sweater.
a man with long hair sitting on the couch between another man and a woman with a red Dell laptop on his lap.
man with red laptop.
A women in a laboratory testing wine with the worker.
woman in black shirt holding glass.
The red kite.
red kite.
knife laying on the red tray.
the man who is standing.
the man in black standing on the ramp.
A young giraffe sitting beneath a larger giraffe.
A giraffe lying down.
There is one old plane is standing on the road.
An airplane with a rainbow painted on its side.
The left ski attatched to a mans foot.
The left ski of a skier.
a green plant.
A green plant on the bottom left.
The light brown cow on the left standing over the cat.
A brown baby cow sniffing a cat's head.
a man in black and a grey hat.
a man in a cap sitting on a couch with a laptop on his lap.
Woman in a t shirt and jeans standing against the wall looking up.
A woman wearing white t shirt standing with other girl.
Male in red shirt sitting in a pizzeria.
A men wearing a orange t-shirt sitting at the table.
woman on skii lift.
A person on a ski lift, showing only their torso and no hands.
A pair of white skis worn by a blonde woman wearing a white long-sleeved shirt and black pants.
Pair or skis on the feet of a girl.
bus passing by.
A city bus with let windows stopped behind a dark car.
A slice of cake with pink frosting and two chocolate bits on top.
Front and center slice of cake.
base runner looking towards the batter.
A player moving towards home base.
A male tennis player in a blue top and white shorts.
the man with a blue top and white shorts in the right hand picture.
Cup of coffee in rust colored cup.
A cup of coffee near the english muffin.
The donut to the top right of the chocolate donut.
The donut to the right side.
A man in a hat.
A man in a black coat and hat.
a man in a blue shirt.
The man with the blue splatter paint on his shoulders.
piece of broccoli to back right of plate.
A piece of broccoli.
Yellow bananas in a fruit basket.
Bunch of bananas in the last photo.
The girl on the right who is pouring the green smoothie.
A women in a white shirt.
Zebra running furthest from the camera.
zebra in the middle of the others.
Man in the back with glasses and a suit jacket and tie, sitting in front of window.
The man.
the keyboard of the computer that is charging.
keyboard on right laptop.
the blue bus seat where the man in the green t-shirt is sitting.
bareheaded man in a blue jacket doing a trick on an airborne snowboard.
Man with blue jacket riding snowboard.
A 99 BUS STAN IN A ROAD.
red and white bus front 99.
This is a large ship in the ocean.
A ship on the horizon.
Person working the left side of the donut line.
left man separate cookies.
motorcycle in the front- 2 blonde riders.
The wineglass next to the small red bowl on the table.
The wine glass to the far left.
A cluttered chair.
The couch the three kids are sitting on.
couch.
The piece of brocoli to the far left of the plate. It has a little bit of sauce on the crown part.
The leftmost lower piece of broccoli with gravy on it.
The seat of the table by the woman in black.
The bench closest to the woman.
meter on right 303.
A rusted parking meter.
A woman who is helping a young girl brush her teeth in the mirror.
a mom with kid.
A person wearing a white shirt.
The man in the white shirt is helping work on the stove.
the left most zebra.
Two zebras playing with each other.
A grey and black cat lying on the flood next to a black suitcase.
A striped cat laying on the carpet.
An aeroplane which is blue color in front has two big wings in its side.
a Big plane with a blue nose.
woman in black skirt with blue backpack.
Woman in striped shirt leaning over by fridge.
A man sitting down in snow, wearing a brown jacket.
a man is sitting in snow wearing pants and coats and also a scatting board on his leg.
All the carrots except the carrot pointing downwards.
Baseball umpire standing behind catcher.
Man wearing gray wetsuit carrying a yellow surfboard watching another man on waves.
man holding a surf board in hand.
A small tree behind the chair.
A indoor plant.
man on the far left.
This is a man in glasses wearing a black jacket.
A bald man in a suit bent over.
The bald headed man on the left wearing a black suit.
kid in a green cap.
a young baseball player wearing a cap watching the batter from outside the fence.
The front of a red train, making its way through the forest.
A man in tan jacket sitting at a table with a laptop.
Man in Brown jacket with legs crossed working in laptop.
a happy baby.
A BOY DOING A CALL IN TOY MOBILE PHONE.
A girl with two white cotton puffs in her hands.
A little girl standing at a table.
An orange with a face drawn on it.
Orang with face drawn on it.
The child in the purple pants and greenish top.
a small kid learning how to skii.
A blue toothbrush sitting in a cup.
A blue toothbrush in a cup next to a purple toothbrush.
The big lamp above the lakeside grill sign.
the lamp in the very top left corner.
lower bunk.
The bottom bunk.
a chubby woman in a purple shirt.
a fat woman in a purple shirt.
A male tennis player is ready to play with a lady partner in the mixed tennis game.
Man in white with a tennis racket in his hand.
The person clasps their hands together.
Person in a black shirt on right side sitting at the kitchen table.
The duckling on the right side>.
Duckling following along behind first duckling.
The back of chair on left.
chair in the left side of the image.
A group of cut crots with herbal seasoning.
Slices of orange carrots surround by meat and yellow and green vegetables.
A bowl full of fruit, including strawberries and mango.
Container with strawberries, peaches and other foods inside.
great car behind an officer on a bike.
A silver four door car.
A blurry person holding a blue umbrella.
A person under an umbrella to the left of two other people.
Giraffe standing behind another giraffe with their head over the first one's neck.
A giraffe standing behind another giraffe with its neck lowered.
a sheep to the left of another sheep.
sheep farthest from the dog.
The back of a wooden chair where a young sits in a booster seat eating.
A brown chair on which a kid is sitting.
a woman with spiky hair, a white shirt, and black pants, sitting on a green chair.
The woman sitting on the light chair.
A red and white train.
A red train traveling through a large city on the tracks.
The book touching the man.
A paperback book lying on a bed, next to a sleeping man.
the woman in a black dress.
woman in black dress holding umbrella.
A clown in a striped shirt mimicking the woman.
A man pretending to be on the phone.
Santa Claus riding motorcycle.
A red and black motorcycle with a Santa riding it.
An orange compact car.
The orange car under the stop sign.
A woman with a walkie talkie.
A law enforcement officer looking at a bear.
the bride.
a woman with in white dress.
the laptop on the left.
The laptop on the left.
The cat that is sitting up.
A woman standing on skiis.
Person in the center of the photo.
left half of a pepperoni pizza.
a black and white zebra standing around others.
The baseball player on the mount is slightly crouched with a baseball behind his back.
A baseball player standing on the mound ready to pitch.
A wooden yellow chair with a man sitting on it.
A yellow chair under a man.
A brown colored playground slide in the background.
The bottom of a brown slide at a playground.
pizza being cut by fork and knife.
The pizza being cut into with a knife and fork.
A man standing on the left side of plane's upper wing.
The man on the plane with his back to us.
A blue and plaid umbrella.
A blue and black plaid umbrella being held by a man with a black cap and dark jacket.
a girl wearing red.
The woman.
The white truck farthest of the right of the image, with blue stripes running along the side.
A white van in front of a green vehicle.
the big plant near the window.
A TREE POT IN THE WINDOW SIDE TABLE.
A woman in a grey shirt holding up a caramel colored donut.
the woman without the hat.
A man in dress shirt.
the groom.
A woman in a gray shirt.
A woman wearing glasses in a grey V-neck shirt holding a wine glass.
a bright white laptop.
A small teddy bear with a red hat and green scarf.
A small bear in a santa hat.
A grilled cheese sandwich on the right hand side of the photo with cheese that had run down the side.
Partially eaten grill cheese sandwich on the right side of picture.
a woman with a green frisbee.
woman throwing a green Frisbee.
A person wearing a black and a gray shirt with a red stripe.
A man with his hand in his pocket.
slice of pizza seperate from pie.
A man wearing sunglasses.
A man in a grey shirt and black pants.
A silver Mac computer with a blank screen.
Blank screen of a Mac Book Air.
A boy with wii remotes sitting on a pillow on the floor.
a boy sitting on a pillow playing Wii.
The round tin of food to the left of the food in the rectangular container.
An elephant with its trunk up.
An elephant with its trunk in the air.
the man playing tennis.
Bearded Tennis player wearing all white jumping up to hit ball.
a woman wearing glasses.
a woman in the background.
Un umbrella that is on the hands of a woman.
An empty wine glass on a table next to another empty wine glass.
A black boat with a white striped across it and the code LR90.
A black and white boat with the characters LR 90 on it's side.
white laptop with phone on top.
white colour laptop.
A girl with a ponytail fixing a kite.
A person with long hair and a Cal shirt working on a box kite.
A woman with short light hair and a grey sweater standing in a kitchen.
An older woman in a gray jacket with short blonde hair.
A bed sheet with books and dvds covering it.
Movies and bear on bed.
the back of a man wearing a white shirt and black shorts.
A tennis player who is walking back to his original spot on the team. He is wearing black shorts and a gray T-shirt and tennis shoes.
A young giraffe standing in front of a white fence.
A small giraffe standing in the background.
A girl sits on the floor and holds her knees.
The girl with her arms around her shins near the fire.
a zebra in a zoo nibbling on some wood.
zebra by log first.
The duck facing the camera.
The duck in the back facing the camera.
Inside of the oven.
Apple pie inside of an oven.
A young boy wearing black playing with another boy in the snow.
An older maile kneeling in the snow with dark jeans and a black coat helping a younger child.
The shorter of two giraffes.
A giraffe standing behind a fence.
The plate in the bottom left.
The edge of a plate that has only a sandwich on it.
a woman in a purple sweater.
Woman in purple shirt.
A green umbrella which is near to a white plate with burger.
closest open umbrella.
a black skateboard falling through the air.
A skateboard that is being used for a trick by a person.
a black table has cupcakes in plates on it.
A WHITE PLATTER WITH COOKED MEAT IN IT.
A tray of ham with with serving tongs.
A side of broccoli on a plate.
The largest piece of broccoli on the plate.
The brown spotted cow is third in line.
A cow that is white with brown spots, standing with a man.
the standing giraffe.
a giraffe is standing near trees.
A cow with a tag in its ear.
white cow.
The gentleman in the foreground wearing a green sweater and black slacks that it holding out the nunchuk for his Wii Remote.
a man in a green jacket playing Wii.
A woman smiling a taking from a plate of food in the middle of the table.
Girl wearing a gold bracelet.
A boy playing soccer.
boy in green jersey.
The biggest giraffe.
Darker, taller giraffe looking off into the distance.
The beer stein on the far right.
The cup half full of water next to the full cup of beer.
big burger with fries in the plate.
A cheesburger piled high with lettuce.
top of the white toothbrush, bristles facing the middle of the container.
A woman with short blonde hair.
WOMAN OPN LEFT.
Young man with brown hair wearing a black tuxedo with a red tie and white boutennaire.
a man wearing a black suit with a red tie.
biggest elephant walking in the front.
Back 2legs of the bigger elephant on the right side.
a guy wearing a white hat.
man or male wearing black leather coat, white baseball cap/hat and a blue backpack.
The bike to the right of the frame.
Blue bicycle leaning against the pole.
A bride.
The woman.
The couch closest to the camera on a tripod.
couch with 2 pillows on left.
Horse's rear end.
Large white horse on the right side of hill with other horses.
A chair with striped fabric on the seating.
A green suitcase.
The green trunk.
Male tennis player swinging a racket.
A man swinging a racket.
the front most vase.
widest glass vase.
A man with a white tee shirt wearing headphones and skateboarding.
A picture of a man skateboarding in shorts and white shirt listening to headphones.
A woman tennis player with a blue stripe on her skirt.
tennis player wearing long sleeves.
man wearing baseball cap.
A man standing with light blue shirt and wearing cap.
a glass with juice.
The glass with a drink in it by the plate of food.
A cell phone photo of a man with a green apple in front of his face.
screen of Iphone with picture on it.
carrot.
The carrot on top touching the green zucchini.
the top most piece of pizza.
two slices of pizza away from the main body.
The man in camo with brown hair.
a man in military uniform cuts a cake.
A red stop sign.
A SIGN OF STOP ON THE POST.
An orange which is the biggest among the three is visible.
An orange is placed in front of two other oranges.
A wooden box with rexin coating opened.
An old brown and white luggage case stacked ontop of a few other luggage cases.
the man sitting on the bed.
A man holding a camera in his hand sitting on the bed.
A red light signal.
A three-signal traffic light with the red signal on.
The red chair with a picture of a bottle on it.
A red plastic Coca Cola patio chair that shows a Coke bottle.
The man in the light blue shirt with the glasses and the cap, is trying to hold on to the horse.
The man in the light blue shirt throwing the reins.
A calf elephant that is standing alone.
The young elephant closest to the tree.
The horse running with two front legs in air and a cowboy in checked shirt riding on it.
man riding horse.
A silver metal dish filled with a meat gravy sauce.
casserole in grey dish.
Plastic container full of raspberries.
A plastic container of raspberries.
the ski in the hands of the man on the left.
A pair of skis being held by a guy in a red shirt.
a black horse with a blue cover tied to a horse trailer.
The horse with the blue cover on its back.
A city transit but labeled 4301.
large red and white passenger bus on route 63.
Elephant who's trunk is holding the other elephants tail.
an elephant holding another elephants tail.
A man in a plaid shirt.
Person standing behind the table in a blue shirt.
The dining chair closest to 'CPML'.
The chair closest to CPML.
A man with his back turned to the camera, wearing a yellow shirt.
A man sitting and wearing a yellow security shirt.
A computer monitor.
moniter was on the desk.
A baby zebra nestled under an adult zebra.
A zebra calf leaning into mother.
A table with a wide variety of different foods on it.
A table with food on top of it.
white color closet in the left side.
A bidet placed inside of a small and cramped bathroom, mere feet away from a small sink.
A red and black motorcycle with a dog and a man sitting on it.
A motorcycle with a dog and a man riding it.
A man wearing a black jacket and blue jeans standing next to a woman in white.
A person with a black jacket and blue jeans standing in the backround.
black man wearing graphic t-shirt.
black guy.
A young lady in a red soccer outfit walking away from the ball.
Girl walking in a red uniform.
A wooden bed with mattresses.
An unmade child's bed with white sheets and red comforter.
cd pouch kept near a clock.
A blurry object to the right of a man's hand.
A small glass tumbler.
A small cup.
The Ladder that is raised the tallest.
the crane arm going straight up without the person in the right hand picture.
A skateboard with four wheels that is mainly green in color.
A skateboard with a green bottom.
A round vase with pussywillows.
The vase with swirls.
A NUMBERED 10 WHITE COLOR T SHIRT WEARING BOY READY TO PLAY TENNIS.
A man on the tennis court wearing a Nike hat and the number 10 on the back of his shirt.
A boy in a football jersey.
A young boy wearing a blue football jersey and jeans playing a Wii game.
A person with a navy blue jacket, a light blue shirt with darker blue pin-stripes wearing a pink bank on his wrist and using a cell phone.
A man in a black suit with a pink wrist band texting.
The boat to the right of the boat with a motor.
the boat in which the guy with brown belt is standing.
A baby in a green shirt, blue overalls, and bib sitting on a kids lap.
A baby wearing a bib.
woman blow drying her hair.
Woman doing her hair in front of a mirror.
giraffe facing forward on the right.
A giraffe that has its head turned to the left rather than looking forward.
the middle laptop.
apple laptop between 2 laptops.
There is so many vegetables pieces on a plate.
food in the lower right corner.
Bananna's sitting on top of pancakes.
Plantains on top of a stack of pancakes.
The leftmost image of a woman holding a tennis racket.
a woman hitting a tennis ball in the image to the left.
The hand that isn't holding any utensils.
A person's hands placed together as well as their right arm.
man in red shirt.
A man wearing a red shirt.
The brown chair the girl is sitting in.
A wooden chair with a wicker back.
a pair of hands holding silverware.
The zebra on the right.
A zebra who is flapping his tail above his back.
long dining table.
A dinner table surrounded by people.
A man with a spoon in his mouth.
A table with a plate of food, silverware, and drinks on it.
The top of the table that is really shiny.
Elephant farthest from camera.
elephant on the left walking.
The white oven is wedged inbetween the two white countertops.
An all-white gas range and oven between counters and cabinets.
A person in a pink shirt sitting, arms held in front.
Man in a pink shirt, watching a television.
A black shoulder bag.
A bag wore by a man in hat.
The man with the black cap.
A man looking at a banana tree on the ground.
A CHEF STANDING ON THE ROAD SIDE TALKING BY MOBILE PHONE.
A cook talking on a cellular phone.
the empty chair to the right of the cat.
the red bus.
The back end of a red bus.
Wicker patio chair nearest the motorcycle.
chair in background on right hand side.
A green and white motorcycle.
green color bike in the right top most side of the image.
A hot dog is placed top right corner.
A hot dog topped with chili.
A woman's leg in fishnet stockings.
Two hands, one with a silver bracelet, grabbing white plastic-ware forks.
Hands holding up two forks, on hand wearing a ring and a bracelet.
A person skateboarding and turning at the top of a half pipe.
A person in navy blue shirt on skate ramp.
A orange color surf board on which three vertical lines are seen.
The orange surf board.
A man wearing a red stripe tie, holding a tie with the number 350 on it.
A horse being led by a man with the number 2 on his shirt.
a young boy wearing jeans and shirt is cutting a cake along with a woman.
a tall man cuts some cake.
The guy in the yellow shirt.
The man in the yellow shirt.
A person in red pants getting ready to ski.
A woman in ski gear with a red bandanna around her lower face.
the elaphant with the trunk.
Note pad the man is using.
A paper being written on by a man.
A small girl in a pink dress and jeans using a Wii Fit game pad and a Wii controller.
Little girl in the pink shirt is playing wii.
White sheep grazing behind a black sheep.
A sheep to the left of all the other sheep.
ball player in a blue shirt with the number 25.
Batter in blue is standing in the box and swinging his bat.
A slice of sandwich that does not have a bit taken, is fully visible and is on a plate with other slices.
a woman in a black and pink showsuit.
Woman wearing black ski suit with a pink jacket underneath.
An unripened banana in a bowl.
bannana on left.
bench directly in front of black dog.
The wood bench nearest the dog.
chair on right side.
a man touching his face.
A man in a blue shirt and cargo shorts, holding a phone with his left hand.
Left foot on floor with a bowl of fruit.
A man's left foot above his right foot.
a player in a red and white uniform.
A baseball player in a maroon and white uniform.
the woman in the striped apron.
a chef in a black and white striped apron with yellow marks.
small bowl on right.
A bowl of dessert with a silver colored spoon coming out of the top.
a big plane with a blue and White color on the runway near another small plane with white and green color.
A blue and white airplane with 'ANA' on it.
Teddy bear with note attached.
Brown stuffed bear with a white note on front of it.
Brown horse with grey saddle blanket.
The horse in the back.
A man in a blue shirt.
The man in the blue shirt sitting at the table and using a laptop.
A white monitor to the right of a black monitor.
a white computer monitor.
A woman, wearing an orange patterned shirt, with an umbrella hat on her head.
A woman in an orange and white shirt with an multi-color umbrella on her head.
A boy lying in the water.
the person laying down on the surfboard.
left side of acar.
A large African-American man, standing next to another man, looking down smiling at a child.
The younger man in a suit.
woman with cane.
person with blue colored shirt in right side.
A man in a blue shirt.
donut back left.
the left top pastry.
a player on the field ground bending down to catch.
outfiel baseball player wearing red.
A bus in green and white color at the left side of the road.
Green bus.
suitcase with a cat in it.
A suitcase door which is in blue color.
An umberlla which is nearest to the camera.
a brown umbrella that is on the far right of the patio.
The person on the right with the all orange jacket.
man with orange jacket in the right side of the image.
A kite on the ground the looks like a dragon.
A kite that a boy is playing with.
A girl wearing a scarf sitting on a bench.
girl in jeans and scarf.
the table top.
A man holding a Wii controller.
a man with black rain cot.
the woman on the left with blonde hair and purple shirt.
elderly man with cane and blue jacket in crosswalk.
A man with a cane crossing the street.
a pizza on tabula.
Ram on the right.
A goat with smaller horns than the other smelling the ground.
Floral tablecloth with pink flowers and green leaves.
A table covered in a floral tablecloth .
A blurry orange in the background on top of something green.
An orange semicircle far away from the orange bowl.
a guy in a yellow shirt sitting on a table watching a tv.
A man in a yellow t-shirt watching TV.
A man with dark hair and a light blue tie.
A buisness man wearing a suit and tie.
A clear wine glass with white markings showing measurements.
a tall wine glass standing next to a smaller one.
Person with hand touching face.
two people looking at giraffes.
Full train car that is blue white and red.
A train car with black windows.
Giraffe to the right looking to its left.
The tallest of the two giraffes standing in its natural habbitat looking off in the distance.
A female in a long blue jacket standing next to the table.
A woman wearing a blue coat holding a camera.
A man in a blue shirt catching a white Frisbee.
A guy catching a frisbee.
A cow standing in front of another one.
A white and brown bull in a pasture with another bull of the same color.
A white mouse with no cord.
A large computer mouse next to another computer mouse.
A young child has their teeth brushed.
The little boy getting his teeth brushed.
A woman stands next to a man and smiles.
The woman in a sweater standing next to a man.
woman in green shirt.
woman in green shirt.
The tall glass statue in the center of the table.
the colorless glass trophy int he middle.
Black chair in the kitchen in front of a white gas range.
A black leather chair sitting on the left side of a wooden table.
A giraffe to the right with its neck behind the giraffe on the left.
back wheel on motorcycle.
back side of the motorcycle.
the black dog on the right side.
The large black dog in the photo with the cat's eyes open.
A girl in pink headband.
girl who is playing tennis ball.
The little boy in the green tee shirt.
a kid with a green shirt on.
The red trailer in the back left.
A red storage.
A woman snow boarder coming inside from the snow.
rightmost woman.
A man playing catch with a child.
A man standing on grass wearing a navy blue baseball cap and a leather baseball glove.
A US army officer, named Wilkins, cutting a cake with two other officers.
A military man is cutting a cake with military men on both sides of him.
the wooden chair to the left of the dog.
Train that is partially brown.
A trolley car ahead of a bus.
A bicycle parked in the open space.
Bicycle with the number two on it.
Table beneath wedding cake.
a table beneath a wedding cake.
A kitchen cabniet full of plates of various food.
White goat with horns standing alone on right side.
The goat closest to the sticks and is not part of the trio standing around the broken bale of hay.
A skinny glass full of ice and a yellowish liquid.
The cup filled with white liqui.
bowl of bananas and oranges.
bowl with many fruits.
A bowl of mixed fruit with oranges, bananas and apples.
The chair closest to the camera.
the chair on the closest side of the table that is on the right.
The side of a white truck driving down a street.
A black dish with white rim, holding food.
a black bowl next to the white.
A BMX bike parked on the sidewalk.
a bowl tomato soup in a brown bowl on a red plate.
a bowl with a soup.
The bottom of a yellow car or taxi, with one hubcap missing.
An NYC taxi.
A man with glasses brushing his teeth.
A white bold man is looking at the baby.
bald man wearing glasses.
Man with glasses sitting at a desk looking at pictures of ducks held by a man and a woman.
a pick up train in blue that is on the track.
CSX railroad train locomotive and first car.
A woman wearing a pink shirt and light pants carrying a white purse and blue bag.
A blond woman in a pink shirt and white pants crosses a city street.
a black car.
An unattended horse attached to a cart.
A silver laptop showing something online on its screen.
A laptop which a man is operating.
An open black bag with a red item and a white cloth spilling from it.
An open backpack sitting on a rocky shore.
A woman wearing a purple t-shirt and wearing sunglasses has a black strap across her shoulder.
Lad standing in the middle with violet dress.
a tan long couch to the right of a white couch.
a beige couch to the side of a white couch.
A small giraffe behind a fence.
A baby giraffe standing near a fence.
The right-most of two glass end tables, holding two red candles.
Half of the glass table with two round red objects on it.
The man with the pipe in his mouth.
A man smiling with a pipe in his mouth.
a two seater sofa in a living room.
A woman wearing a black dress.
A lady with black sleeveless, have two birds standing on her shoulder.
Men on a life boat.
The woman on the back of the moped with legs crossed and with white shoes on.
A girl riding on the back of a scooter.
Hotdog on a bun with mayo and onions.
An open piece of hotdog with butter on it.
A metal chair to the right.
the chair the bear on the right is sitting in.
ALL BLACK MOTORCYCLE.
There is a black colored bike on the right side of the picture.
A boat in between green boat and red boat, has tyres hanging on the side.
The tugboat in the middle of two other boats.
The white surfboard with a red heart on top.
A white surfboard, with a red heart decal.
the elphant in the middle.
An elephant facing towards the camera.
beautiful black puppy.
A yellow sofa stitting in the livingroom.
A white leather couch with red pillows.
Pinapples inside a lunch box with cucumbers and carrots.
Pineapple chunks.
a sofa with throw pillows and blankets in a cluttered room.
couch with pillow on it.
A bus with the words Games Vehicles displayed on the back.
large beige bus on side of road.
Small zebra turning around to look.
a zebra with its head turned around so its face is visible.
a black traffic light in between two other traffic lights.
A stoplight in which you can see all 3 lights.
Gray hooded man sitting behind a couch.
A dark man wearing a gray hooded sweatshirt covering most of his face.
A man looking at his cell phone.
a man looking at his cell phone and wearing a brown baseball cap.
A MAN SKATING AND WEARING RED AND WHITE COLOR DRESS.
A man with a red and white jacket is on a snowboard.
A man standing far away in black shirt.
The chair with the child booster seat.
The backside of the end chair at the table that has a white and green package on it.
A traveling bag sitting next to two women and 3 other traveling bags.
woman standing wearing green coat.
Woman in green coat.
the kale.
A man wearing a black shirt and blue jeans while holding a knife in front of a cake.
Guy who is holding knife and about to cut the dessert.
A woman sitting on the couch with spectacles.
A person in a black shirt is wearing glasses.
A big brown color yak is in the water.
A big yak.
The smiling bride wearing white dress and holding a mobile phone.
girl.
wooden chair in upper right corner of wooden table.
The white horse on the urn.
The tan horse on the pottery.
A blurry person in the background.
The person in the background with blonde hair.
A young boy in a white shirt.
A child sitting on the floor wearing a white shirt.
white dipping sauce.
PEANUT CHUTNEY KEPT RIGHT SIDE OF THE SALAD.
a glass window pain behind a man's.
a window right behind the man's head.
computer monitor on the right.
A computer on a desk with a storage bin.
A food storage container with citrus innards inside.
a tan modern looking couch being view from a higher angle.
Couch and pillows on top which is behind ottoman.
man in blue.
A man wearing all blue sat talking on his mobile phone.
A man squating and catching a baseball.
A baseball player catching a baseball with his glove.
man who is diving.
Man in darkest pants who is leaning over.
The stool the cat is lying on.
A wooden piano bench with a gray cat sitting on it.
A giraffe in the foreground stands outdoors with two other giraffes.
giraffes standing in an enclosure.
The glass with red wine inside.
Glass with the darker wine.
A green bottle of beer on the table.
A green soda bottle.
The white sedan parked next to the van.
A white car next to a white van.
A giraffe standing to the left of two other giraffes.
A giraffe behind two other giraffes.
The smaller,  partially  obscured silver car.
a white car.
A grey adult elephant picking up green hay.
Larger elephant holding grass/straw inside its trunk.
A red vehicle.
the red motorcycle on the left.
A green and red apple.
an apple that is red and green.
A sliced piece of bread located on the left side inside of a plastic bag.
the left sandwich part in the bag.
A young boy, sitting next to an older woman, with a donut on his leg drinking a glass of water.
a young brown haired boy with glasses drinking a glass of water and holding a doughnut.
A black bus.
A purple bus traveling on a street.
Small cupcake with pink frosting and brown heart.
a cup cake with pink frosting decorated with strawberrys and white topping.
A beautiful giraff looking at a nest with his pair.
giraffee eating out of basket.
Brown cement truck rolling down the street.
Orange cement truck.
a man in a blue shirt and green pants.
man with green pants sitting at table.
sandwich in the right side of the image.
Sandwich half to the right of other half.
A MAN WITH MAROON TEA SHIRT IS HAVING A PEACE OF FOOD IN HAND.
A man in a purple shirt sitting at a table with a man in a hat.
A baseball player reaching down to tag another baseball player as he slides into a base.
The person with the glove is trying to get the slider out.
blond woman on far right wearing jeans and reading an item.
Woman in blue jeans reading magazine.
A metal and marble end table with a tea cup, near a lamp.
table directly right of man with yellow/black tie.
the coach in the background watching the pitcher.
A woman standing leaning on a fence.
gray and white cat looking at the orange cat.
A brown color cat with other cat.
a male in a red shirt playing wii.
A man in red color t-shirt playing video game.
The cow in front of the other cows.
a cow with its head up.
A man smiling in a kitchen while someone cooks.
a man in a black shirt.
A zebra standing in the middle of the other two zebras.
A zebra which is standing in the middle of the other two.
Empty wine glass on a wooden table underneath the top of the edge of a receipt.
wine glass with a silver chain.
A bottle in the background with a black liquid in it.
A condiment bottle with a nutrition label and a yellow cap.
wooden park bench.
The empty spot on the brown bench between the guy in a blue jacket and women in the black jacket.
bottle of water on table.
a bottle of water.
the man in the white shirt bending down.
The man wearing white colour shirt.
A man and woman holding cellphones with photos of one another.
Woman on right holding a LG phone of a boy.
a man in a red plaid shirt petting an elephant.
Man wearing checked dress shirt.
A woman with short blonde hair wearing a blue sweater reaching for condiments.
woman standing wearing grey button up sweater.
Bus on the left.
A bus with a yellow sign on the back.
the man sitting in the right side of the image.
A man sitting on a bench with his arms folded across his chest and stomach.
The large zebra near the 2 white tree branches.
A large zebra at the right side of a feeding trough between smaller zebras.
An unpolished wooden table.
The table which is visible partly.
Person with long hair  in a white shirt.
A person with long hair wearing a white t-shirt.
A giraffe is being fed.
A giraffe being fed by a young woman.
girl in pink shirt holding a wii remote.
woman holding game controllers in pink shirt.
baseball catcher in blue trying to catch baseball player in orange.
the catcher tagging another player out.
A man in a black shirt behind the man holding bananas.
A mud-covered man looks on from behind at another clutching three bananas.
Woman in blue.
Woman in blue jacket.
black cow sitting between other cows.
A black bull with white horns.
A white bear has longer fur than the other bears.
A girl with a white sweater holding a blue floral umbrella.
A GIRL HOLDING AN UMBRELLA AND WALKING WITH HIS FRIEND.
An umpire standing behind the baseball catcher.
The catcher and umpire at a baseball game.
man in black cutting cake.
old man with glasses dressed in black waitstaff uniform.
A red headed girl in a yellow blouse holding a knife in each hand posed as if she is about to stab a guy laying on the table.
A girl with a knife in each hand standing over a young man on a table.
A person in a red and white striped shirt.
A young lady wearing striped Tshirt sitting on the left side of a beautiful child.
The black horse to the right.
The top swiss jet.
A red and white airplane flying above another red and white airplane.
The woman sitting directly behind the pizza.
A woman sitting at a restaurant who is ready to eat a pizza.
A small dog in a tiny suit sniffing a small wedding cake.
A white dog that is near the black one.
A black briefcase.
The black briefcase.
a person wearing the black colour dress.
a man on a horse.
A BEER BOTTLE.
The wine bottle all the way to the right.
table with cloth.
A man wearing a backpack stands in at a distance from three other men.
man walking in the opposite side the men sitting.
a white microwave.
white color box.
a man in a black shirt and hat with a red harness standing next to a plane.
A person wearing a black shirt and blue jeans and a black hat.
A lady wearing black t-shirt sitting on a chair.
the girl wearing black.
The farthest right banana.
An airplane with three windows and white and black rudder.
Part of a small white airplane with three windows.
green plant and back of black cat.
TALL GREEN SPIRAL PLANT IN GREEN VASE.
The sandwich and the plate it's on.
A grilled sandwich with lettuce, onion and tomato in a wooden bowl.
The black rim of the bowel that contains bread.
There is a black colored bowl with some snacks.
The horse of the man without a hat.
Horse being ridden by the man without a hat.
Elephant whose trunk you cannot see.
A green glass bottle sitting on a white table.
the neck of a green bottle sitting behind a smaller green bottle with a label on it.
woman in a jean shirt smiling.
The zebra that is looking at the camera.
ZEBRA FACING FRONT WITH  ANOTHER ONE.
A guy without glasses playing a video game.
a young mad with a stripped sweater holding a white wii remote.
The rightmost image of a woman holding a tennis racket.
girl on right.
A surf board with a black towel on it.
A white surfboard on the beach with a backpack on top.
A zebra grazing alone in an open field.
The middle orange umbrella.
A green car at a car show is parked with its hood open.
A green car with opened bonnet near other cars.
airplane.
An airplane with 'Air Ferry' labeled on its side.
A man wearing a baseball cap and sunglasses.
Male tennis player.
A man's arm with a silver wrist watch.
arm of man wearing silver watch.
White vehicle to the left that is barely in the photo.
A white bus.
a decorative cake with white frosting.
A cake with berries on top and berries decorating the sides.
Man in green shirt throwing frisbee.
A man in a t shirt throwing a Frisbee.
An young boy in orange pants and yellow jersy with black sleevesskating on the ice.
the child in orange snow pants.
man in blue jacket far right.
Man wearing a baby blue jacket.
A foal laying in the grass.
brown foal wearing blue harness in a wildflowers.
The lower half of the snadwhich.
Half of a sandwich on the left of the other part on a white plate.
An adult elephant standing with a baby elephant.
The adult elephant.
Pizza placed on the dinning table with 2 piece already taken.
Lemon slice on the bottom of the plate below the orange slice.
the lemon spiece that is sitting under the sliced orange piece.
An imac screen.
An apple computer monitor.
The woman facing away from the camera wearing a yellow sweater vest and dark capris.
Woman in yellow shirt standing near luggage.
The front of a red train and the driver inside.
A red train that says vehicle ecole.
A fork on a plate.
a silver fork.
Girl wearing black leggings and gray tank top.
a lady wearing black tights.
A hidden zebra.
The Zebra closest to the water and has his head up.
The umbrella on the right is yellow.
A yellow umbrella to the right of another one.
Mother sitting on a chair watching her daughter play video games.
WOMAN IN BLACK SHIRT LOOKING BORED.
apple on far left.
The woman with the pink shirt and no vest.
Lady in the front wearing pink shirt, white jeans, and pink sash.
A little boy with an orange shirt and white stripes throwing a ball.
The back view of a little boy.
A policewoman riding a horse between two other officers.
A police office is looking straight ahead while riding a horse between two other officers on horseback.
Two bicycles in front of a building parked by the blue door.
A white bicycle is parked on the sidewalk outside of a building.
chair bottom left.
A giraffe that is bending over to eat the grass.
giraffe bending down.
Young man in black T shirt playing video game.
The man in blue holding the wii controller.
the white horse in the right hand picture.
A white horse.
A sheep standing to the right of two other sheep.
the sheep on the far right.
An elephant with its tail down standing next to another elephant.
a small elephant facing a larger elephant.
bench section with a man and a woman sitting on it.
The remote with the large s.
The remote on the farthest right.
This is the back of a plastic lawn chair.
A white plastic chair.
Shorter giraffe, located behind the big giraffe.
A giraffe in the background.
bear left.
A bear standing in the water with a fish in its mouth.
A person in a blue shirt, in motion.
A person in a blue shirt moving quickly.
A person sitting behind a wine glass to the left of a large bottle.
A black boy riding a skateboard.
A man in black skateboarding.
A man wearing blue jean shorts and a hat.
Gentleman wearing a tan ball cap and jean shorts holding the lady next to him.
A woman wearing a black shirt.
A young woman wearing a brown sweater.
Area around top of sink.
head of carousel horse behind man.
A carasole horse that is white.
A plastic bottle of water.
The bottle of water with a red, blue and white label on it.
The railing that the people are standing on.
The section of rail closest in the image.
Pizza furthest from people.
A pizza with one slice taken from it.
car on the left.
A very old car with a lighter roof than body and sloped roofline.
A lady in black dress is holding the cup with teddy in her lap.
The girl has a stuffed bear leaning against her lap.
The butt of a small elephant.
A boy in dark pants and a tie holds the reigns.
The boy rider with the tie.
Beautiful brown glass vase, left side of the table.
A vase with a bell top next to a taller vase.
the car in maroon colour.
The rear of the black SUV.
chair with both ends down.
The lounge chair closest to the camera that is fully reclined.
The white vase has a blue flower on it.
Vase with blue print.
A black dog with a red collar.
Two dogs playing on the floor.
A bear on a log.
A black bear standing on a log in a zoo.
An apple carving with a knife through the right eye.
Apple with face and knife through eye.
cooked broccoli on a bed of rice.
the piece of broccoli in the top middle.
A child skiing that is being helped by a man.
Young Skier being held up by instructor.
Giraffe walking while another giraffe follows it.
A walking giraff on the right side of the picture.
A small sheep.
A pair of skis next to a person in red.
the closer sink.
A white sink with chrome faucet.
The half of the sandwich that is in the forefront of the photo.
untouched sandwich in a white plate.
The woman on the right who is wearing a darker coat.
Dodgers player running and throwing the ball.
The man who just threw a baseball.
Girl.
person on the left.
A large piece of broccoli with other vegetables.
The ceat which is opposite to a man who is sitting.
Delta plane taxied at the gate with luggage being loaded.
A delta airplane.
A womans arm in a white silky dress.
A reflection of a woman wearing a white wedding dress.
Red car parked on a road.
maroon colored car parked on street.
The person standing in the back not looking at the camera.
A skier that is not looking at the camera.
A orange cat standing on it hind legs playing with another cat.
this is an orange cat standing up.
A boy in gray looking.
kid in grey t-shirt and black shorts.
a man in a white shirt.
a man with glasses on.
man sitting in a crowd in a blue shirt.
blurry person in the stands in a blue shirt.
A white speed boat with red and blue decoration.
A boat with an orange and blue decal.
A lamb who has its face fully visible.
a baby sheep.
The red single chair.
A red chair sitting between two paintings on the wall.
A train with blue doors.
train closest to the camera.
A handmade quilt folded on the back of the gray couch.
A gray sofa with a blanket hanging on its back.
The white plane with Air Europa written on the tail.
airplane in front.
The last cup on the right that is turned upside down.
A right most cup.
the person doing a trick.
A skateboarder doing a trick.
The male in the background to the left of the male in the foreground.
a man in grey and Blue jeans.
A McGriddle with cheese next to a hashbrown.
burger.
A woman wearing a white tank top.
A woman in a white tank top with her hands on her sides.
A cowboy in the back of the scene in a plaid shirt.
A man with a cowboy hat facing the camera.
Rocking chair next to brick wall.
picture of a man in the left bottom box.
the man in the bottom left picture.
woman on bench with dog.
The woman on the far left sitting on a bench with a dog paw on her lap.
The man sitting with the blue and green jacket.
Man on a double decker bus tour.
A man in collared shirt and shorts.
Boy seating facing camera with light colored shirt.
toilet with the seat down.
The toilet has the seat down.
The red bleacher behind the fence.
The jeans with the hole in the knee.
A man with bare feet and blue jeans.
White framed computer monitor.
The women wearing the Giants shirt getting her hair blow dried.
girl with grey t-shirt laughing and having hair blown dried.
A woman in a sweater plays a game.
A young woman playing wii with her fellow friends.
The man and dog on the motorcycle.
Man in riding gear sitting on top of motorcycle.
A man and a tennis court ready for a serve with a white sweatband on.
There is one person wearing blue shirt holding a tennis bat and waiting for ball.
A girl with dark brown hair who is holding controller in her right hand.
Girl with long brown hair holding wii controller out with right hand.
the motorcycle directly behind the blue motorcycle.
middle motorcycle.
A female skier wearing a purple jacket.
Woman wearing a purple jacket and holding ski poles on the mountain with another skier.
A pair of bananas at the left of the other.
Closest sandwich wedge on right.
A man crouched on the dock.
a man with gray t shirt and sports white shoe.
The crushed red pepper container underneath the pizza tray.
A glass container of red pepper flakes.
A boat with "VITORIA DE" on it.
THREE BOAT STANDING THE BEACH AND CENTER POSITION BOAT NAME IS VICTORIS.
two Pepsi coolers sitting in a room.
the front most zebra.
A zebra standing in front of sleeping zebra.
A lady with dark hair in khaki pants and a grey sweater.
A woman in a grey sweater and tan pants.
A smaller bird scratching its feathers.
A woman wearing a white dress holding a man's hand.
The woman in the wedding gown holding the gentleman's hand.
A tan sofa against a green wall in the back of the picture.
a brown couch with red and cream pillows with a design on them in the background.
Blue suitcase on top left of other luggage.
The top suitcase on a stack of identical suitcases.
The second from the left black suitcase.
A large standing elephant.
A large adult elephant with tusks standing beside a younger elephant.
a baby with eyes open, looking into the camera.
Baby girl in green shirt next to another baby.
the whole hot dog and its bun on the left.
A hot dog, topped with coleslaw a mustard, on the side of a plate.
salad.
A shrimp salad on a white plate next to a fork with a beer in front.
A woman's hands outstreached towards the camera.
A half of a sink.
the sink away from the red soap dispensers.
the man in red and black shirt.
A man laying on a bed full clothed wearing jeans with a red and black striped shirt.
A scooter on the opposit side of the road and in front of a gate.
White colored Activa bike with registration number RJ27/ 3Q5434.
A white chair that a lady in orange pants is sitting on.
A white chair with a girl sitting on it.
A lady with a grey Shirt and white shorts.
A woman with shoulders exposed with glasses on.
A man in a collared shirt and jeans throwing a frisbee.
a man with a charcoal gray shirt playing frisbee.
the zebra on the left.
A black and white zebra with a brown snout.
Beautiful blonde sitting on a elephants trunk.
The blonde elephant rider.
a white shirt.
the man.
The tennis player.
A man playing tenese.
A small zebra next to two other zebras and two giraffes.
the zebra on the left.
woman playing tennis left side.
left photo of woman hitting tennis ball.
A brown one seater couch.
a wicker chair.
A woman in a black coat sitting next to a man in white with an umbrella.
The women sitting with her arms crossed.
A sheep with its head facing away from the large rock.
A truck at the bottom right that you can see rear view mirror.
White van behind the bus.
A woman holding a parasol.
Umbrella held by woman.
A woman wearing glasses, sitting on a couch and holding a sleeping child who is wrapped up in a blue blanket.
a mother holding her sleeping child.
The luggage with in the center of the other luggage.
Two people riding a motorcycle, back rider with blue jacket, and purple strap.
Two people riding a motorbike in traffic.
an apple laptop in the middle of computers.
An apple laptop in between a computer monitor and another apple laptop.
a laptop showing news reading by a man.
Acer laptop showing political polls.
A large double deck bus on a road.
the front bus.
The black keyboard on top of the grey ones.
a black computer keyboard.
A bowl fulled with noodles in a brown broth.
The bowl of ramen in the foreground.
bike which is having red helmet on its handle.
A black motorcycle with a red helmet sitting on it.
A woman wearing a blue shirt.
A woman in a grey blue sweatshirt paints a figure onto a vase.
a pizza with cheese, spinache, and tomatoes.
a pizza on tabule.
Giraffe eating grass.
the giraffe that is eating the grass.
The jeans of the person that is mostly not visible behind the dog.
The legs of the person in the background in blue pants with red stripe.
girl in black shirt sitting on an elephant.
A woman in black riding an elephant in a river.
A man sitting down with two hands on a remote.
Fat guy in black shirt holding a remote.
bed closest to te window.
A bed with a white spread and white pillow next to similar bed with luggage on it.
A man with a black shirt and black cap.
man in black t-shirt sitting on couch.
A shepard wearing black colour jacket and arabic turban.
A woman walking behind a flock of sheep on a street.
A boy, in a wheel chair, playing tennis.
A boy in a wheelchair playing tennis.
The sheep on the far left.
The lamb on the left side looking away.
motorcycle next to the blue on.
silver motorcycle on the left of the blue motorcycle.
A lamb laying in a field facing away from photographer.
sheep facing backwords.
A sandwich being held by two hands.
a half of an oversized sandwich on white bread being held by a middle aged man.
A blonde woman wearing a blue top and beige pants.
The woman poses with her luggage.
little girl holding stuffed animal.
chaild was seeing a baby.
the cup at the front right.
A blurry male official wearing white pants with arms behind his back.
A man in the bakground in a dress coat.
The word Stop.
The word STOP in red letters.
A little boy getting his hair dried.
The boy who is having his hair dried.
White sink between two others.
The sink in the middle of the other two.
A ORANGE IN THE TREE IN THE CENTER OF THE SAME TWO ORANGES.
The orange that is in between the other two oranges that is barely touching a green leaf.
Biggest elephany.
elephant walking opposite other elephants.
a car reversing.
A dark grey car backing out on the road.
A smaller giraffe which is walking on the front of the other giraffe.
A light brown giraffe walking away from another giraffe.
A large cow stands next to a calf.
A large brown cow standing in the grass.
A girl wearing dark jeans, high boots, and holding a white bag.
woman wearing tank top with umbrealla.
Bear in the woods  with a cub on a rock and a cub climbing a tree.
larger grizzly bear on rock.
an orange umbrella.
an orange umbrella shelters a woman.
Adult elephant tail.
A big elephant leading another small elephant.
a lone umbrella.
The multi-colored beach umbrella with the gray shirt tied to it and the man in the blue chair sitting under it.
A sheep standing to the right of another sheep.
Sheep looking at the camera.
a white buss behind another bus.
a city bus driving on the street.
A man wearing glasses stands at the luggage carousel.
A man to the left in a black coat walking away from the camera.
animal in the middle.
The middle animal.
A young man in a gray tee shirt sitting on a bed staring down a woman's phone.
A boy with a grey shirt sitting on the bed.
A skateboard with red wheels.
This is a scratched up skateboard with red wheels.
an adult elephant and a baby elephant standing near the shrubbery.
adult elephant in back.
the first zebra from the front.
A woman in blue jeans with a dark blue sweater standing beside a mirror.
The person standing on the right wearing a black long sleeved top.
A fake carrot second from the left.
A woman wearing a short-sleeved brown dress.
lady in brown dress.
a police bike without red and blue lights on.
The bike with a tire facing the camera.
a black bike in the middle of two other bikes.
Woman in a blue and white tennis outfit standing on a tennis court.
A tennis player in a blue and white dress awaiting the ball.
A blue Jeep SUV with a covered tire on the rear gate.
A blue Jeep Grand Cherokee Suv.
The blackberry phone.
the blackberry at bottom right.
Two slabs of folded/stacked wood closest to helmet.
The chair at the bottom of the stack.
The longer of the two carrots.
a carrot.
White van that says ISUZU.
A white bus.
cat.
A dog laying by a mirror.
baseball umpire in black shirt.
A baseball game referee.
A woman in a dark colored skirt playing tennis.
A PLAYER IN A GREEN SKIRT PLAYING TENNIS.
the giraffe off to the right.
giraffi which stands at back.
the top part of the toilet where the water runs.
A toilet tank.
A kite flying with a image of a full cow in it.
A kite showing a cow's full body.
The bottom of the two pastries.
A partially eaten donut.
remote in the back side of the image.
the remote which is not fully visible.
Bottom traffic light for oncomming traffic.
Cross walk signals attached to traffic signals.
A blurry view of something in the distance.
A BLURRY PHOTO OF PEOPLE WITH UMBRELLAS.
A mug of water.
A glass of cold water.
A white woman skier with a colorful hat sitting between two men skiers.
A blonde woman in red.
the plant on the table.
The plan on the right side of the picture.
Rear motorcycle cop.
a police man coming last in a motorbike.
A person standing with their hands in their pockets wearing green shorts.
A man in black pants.
the grey floor.
The baby elephant which is suckling at the larger one in the foreground.
A baby elephant reaching under an adult elephant.
The skier wearing the red jacket and black pants.
A person in black ski pants jumping off a ski hill.
The bunch of green plantains on the right that are turning yellow.
a bunch of semi ripe bananas facing the camera.
A man in a white shirt carving a chicken.
A man in a white t-shirt and jeans with a belt on cutting food on the counter.
The horse's nose is white from top to bottom.
A brown horse in the middle.
The piece of brocolli on the middle right.
A hot dog with mustard and other toppings.
A boy with an orange & white baseball uniform on swinging the baesball bat.
A young boy is playing baseball and is currently batting at the plate.
Guy wearing a red tie observing young boy.
A man wearing a suit and red tie.
a man resting on fake grass.
A man in a white shirt reclining.
A bench with a man in a suit on it.
Bench on sidewalk.
A trained marked DR1 which was standing in the track near the green painted train.
A red box behind the teddy bear.
The front of the red truck that the bear is leaning up against.
A woman holding a glass of orange juice.
The girl that is holding a class of orange juice.
oranges in a red basket at a fruit stand.
Stacked fruit priced 45 to the far left of several smaller stacks.
A Cleveland Indians player wearing white batting gloves.
The player on the right with white batting gloves and no name showing on his jersey.
The lady in the blue shirt reaching for the tennis ball.
A tennis player throwing a ball up into the air.
the man in white t-shirt.
A man wearing shorts.
giraffe.
A giraffe eating food given by small girl with white cap.
The silver scooter the person is riding.
A silver motorcycle with a man and dog riding.
A flower vase which has blue color flowers.
Clear glass vase holding purple flowers.
Man in dark dress wearing dark glasses in a room with a little girl.
A man wearing a jacket and glasses.
A3 cushioned leather couch sitting in the living room.
brown color couch with maroon pillow on it.
A woman smiling behind a tennis racket.
woman smiling through her tennis racket.
Woman holding styling bottle.
woman holding can of hairspray.
the man in yellow coat.
Skiier in red pants.
a boy in green shirt catching frisbee.
A person wearing a green shirt and gray sweatpants.
A dog inside of the house, looking outside.
The dog inside the house.
table under white bowl with spoons in it.
portion of table defined by the white dishes.
Zebra with head up looking to left standing in enclosure with other zebras and giraffes.
a zebra looking in the distance.
the three person couch that only has 1 red pillow on it.
sofa with single red pillow.
baby elephant facing a stack of hay.
An elephant standing in profile.
the bottom of a persons foot and the toes are pointing.
a nasty foot pointing at a tv.
The wing back chair behind the armless chair.
chair in the corner with blanket draped over it.
lady in a black top.
woman wearing black tank top on phone holding zebra striped purse.
the plant in the brown basket on the far left.
A green plant in a brown wicker basket.
The girl in the gray shirt.
A young woman sitting on a couch next to another young woman who is playing wii.
The zebra to the far left.
zebra standing by himself on the left hand side.
girl eating pizza closest to the wall with brown hoodie.
A girl in a green shirt and brown sweater eating pizza.
A baseball player attempts at a catch in an outdoor setting.
A baseball player holding the ball with the number 6 on his jersey.
A picture of a dog sitting on the grass in a book.
The picture that shows more of the dogs body.
zebra showing its butt closest to the brown animal.
The back side of a zebra to the right of another zebra.
A lunch box in top right corner with a green color small box in one of the compartments.
lunch box with the small green container in it.
A blue parrot.
A blue parakeet sitting on a cart.
A man in torn jeans and a grey sweatshirt tossing a green frisbee.
A boy throwing a frisbee.
Two black and white zebras standing in a field of wheat.
A zebra standing in front of another, with his tail blowing in the wind.
The giraffe the appears to be smaller.
The giraffe on the right.
The girl using the computer.
The lady using a laptop.
Gold circular image under a clock on the wall.
A gold colored circle under a clock.
A slice of pizza near dipping sauce.
A long wooden tabletop with salt, pepper, and honey containers on it.
The table in the front of the picture, sitting lengthwise.
Off colored green old style couch up against the right side wall.
couch.
Horse closer to the camera.
horse in left pulling position.
keyboard in front of the laptop.
Black keyboard infront of the black laptop computer.
A woman playing tennis wearing a blue visor.
A woman with a blue visor playing tennis.
the bowl of food on the right.
The bowl of soup to the right of another bowl of soup.
A white urinal to the left of another urinal.
A urinal that is fully visible, it is to the left of the first urinal.
The donut to the furthest right on the plate of two donuts.
An unglazed cruller next to a chocolate doughnut.
batter about to hit the ball.
Baseball player at bat finishing his swing.
The lemon between a pear and a lime.
the yellow lemon in front of the orange between the green fruit.
the person wearing the rolled up jeans.
The person to the right of the others.
A black laptop set next to a white one.
A black laptop.
The person riding the skateboard.
man skateboarding on ramp.
Batter.
A man getting ready to bat.
The guy writing on the refrigerator.
A man in a white shirt.
Asian man in blue gym shorts and gray shirt getting ready to throw a football.
A young male prepares to throw an American football.
motorcycle in front of the other motorcycle.
A black button down shirt with white buttons.
An elegant white bathtub with a towel on it edge.
BOTHING TOP.
THE WHITE AND RED BUS IS STANDING IN FRONT OF A BLUE BUS.
Red and orange bus.
Boy with outstretched legs on the bench in the background.
The boy sitting on the bench with his legs sticking straight out.
The soup in the bowl.
A bowl of creamy soup on a plate with a sandwich and crackers.
A light cement colour fur toy in a group of toys.
A gray stuffed bear with a blue cloth and gray hat.
A young sheep is eating grass in the picture.
a white lamb next to a dungy colored one.
sheep in the front side of the camera.
bench in the front side.
A bench under a person.
The clear glass container of dip.
Small glass dish of some type of dip.
A woman with black hair, white jacket and black pants.
A person without an apron in a kitchen.
Large zebra giving milk to smaller zebra.
Mother zebra nursing its baby.
the fork sitting next to the knife with the butter.
fork.
The bag sitting on the womans lap.
A blue suitcase with gray shoulder straps.
a green shoulder bag.
An uncut cake.
The top of a homemade bbaked bread loaf sitting on a table.
A Zebra eating grass.
Female sailor wearing a blue hard hat.
an women wearing blue helmet driving boat in the ocean.
a boy with a white shirt kicking his skateboard up.
A man in a white tee shirt and khaki shorts on a skateboard on the street.
Bowl with heart shaped bowl of red sauce and some sort of two biscuits.
two halves of a busicuit and sauce decorated in a pot lying next to three similar pots with oranges salad and curd respectively.
Brown sugary donut with a small black hole on the bottom of the napkin.
The donut below the sauce.
An umbrella with rain drops sliding down its sides.
The solid black umbrella.
A blond woman kissing a little girl.
A woman holding an umbrella giving a small girl a kiss.
A brown color wooden table.
a table with a box of donuts on it.
A small pizza sitting on a white plate in front of two wine glasses.
Pizza on a white plate with white toppings on a white tablecloth at a restaurant.
A BASEBALL PLAYER UP TO BAT FOR THE GIANTS.
A batter wearing a Giants uniform getting ready to swing.
A dark blue beach chair being carried by a young person walking on the beach.
A blue folded beach chair being carried by a young boy.
a ZEBRA CROSSING THE ROAD IN FRONT OF OTHER TWO ZEBRAS.
A zebra in front of a line of other zebras crossing a highway.
tan dog.
dog who is laying down on the floor.
A man wearing a football uniform and helmet.
player with helmet.
orange pole with silver spikes.
A red bike pole.
Empty blue cot under a white tenet.
A bed with a blue blanket and nobody on it.
a man on a bike.
A man wearing a t-shirt and jeans is riding a bike.
a giraffe outside with another one.
Large giraffe standing with only partial body up to the top of the head visible.
the bus on the left.
The bus with yellow and white color.
couch bottom center.
Brown leather sofa with a wooden coffee table.
A woman holding a wine glass is smiling for the camera.
The short lady with her hair pulled back has almost finished her wine.
An elephant with chains attached in the sunlight.
elephant in the sun.
A white plane with SAS on its tail.
The tail of the air plain has the abbreviation SAS on it.
The left most person.
A surgeon in camo pants.
the umpire.
An umpire with his hand on the catcher's back.
the hands feeding the baby.
a person's hands feeding a young girl in a yellow chair.
A man in yellow jacket who is sitting down.
man sitting in raincoat.
A short giraffe next to a taller one.
Shorter giraffe staring out.
A red Ducati motorcycle on a stand.
A RED DUCATI LAUNCH PROGRAM.
white man in white shirt by wall.
A man with glasses and a red tie posing for a business photo.
One of two zebras, standing behind a goose.
Zebra eating grass with a goose in front of it.
A male is playing Wii.
A man with curly hair wearing a gray shirt is smiling.
the container filled with rice.
A pink tray with rice in it.
A lady with brown hair and white top carrying an unidentified item.
A smiling woman in a white shirt holding onto a man's tie.
A brown cow eating grass.
A cow with a white face grazes the grass.
The skier in the red jacket.
A woman in red looking back.
a green table the people are cooking on.
The table and the food on top that's closest to the camera.
green chair against wall in other room.
black colored car in front of another black car.
A black car in front of another black car.
The man wearing the blue and white button-up shirt.
Man in a striped shirt with his hand in his pocket.
A spoon in the snacks which is exactly under the fork.
Part of metal tongs submerged underneath the food.
The bananas on the left hand side of the basket.
Man in green uniform standing on right of man in black outfit.
A man wearing a military uniform with a US flag patch on the uniform.
The tennis racket being held by a girl in a red sweater.
A tennis racket held by a girl in a red shirt.
A red and yellow bus with number 1954 on it.
A bus with the number 1954 on it.
Back side of a black chair.
The part of the black color chair visible opposite to the boy eating noodles.
The blue cab of an 18 wheeler.
The blue truck next to the white truck.
the lady in the glasses in top picture.
Female in glasses with brown hair in a ponytail with a white longsleeve shirt holding a cellphone and showing it off.
An elephant with three people riding on top on it.
Elephant walking in the water with two riders on top.
The bike has the number 43 on the front of it.
A red motorcycle with the number 43 on the front of it.
A book that is showing the back cover.
The book whose back portion is seen.
A girl wearing glasses about to clap her hands.
A woman sitting on the couch clapping.
The plane right behind the blue plane.
Plane with white body.
A woman wearing black looking at the beer.
A woman wearing a purple hat at the dinner.
A boy sitting on a carousel horse.
boy holding up peace signs.
brown and white cat.
A white chair the cat is laying in.
A beige chair with a gold bag on it.
Chair with gold gift bag on it.
A brown wooden table covered with black bowls and several papers next to a curved couch.
a tabule inthe room.
The backside of a vehicle with a bumper sticker on it that says THE TRUTH IS OUT THERE INFOWARS.COM.
The back window of the vehicle with the bumper sticker on it.
Red bus coming behind the car and another bus in road with advertisement of argo in it.
A big red bus behind a car and another bus.
An unmade homemade pizza sitting on the right side of another pizza on the counter.
Pizza on the right by rolling pin.
an open black binder with red tabs on a couch.
A car buried in the snow by the white fence.
A car covered in snow, in front of a white fence.
A really big cake with candle on it.
the cake with a candle.
The red and black bag on the ground with two reflectors shinging.
A red and black bag with reflectors.
Large green leaves of potted plant behind woman.
the green plant behind the girl.
Orange leather seat with no one sitting in it.
A brown leather chair.
An armchair in the living room next to the window bench.
Clock face on left with Roman numerals showing the time 10:18.
The clock face to the left of the other clock face.
Giraffe crossing the road.
A giraffe crossing a road.
A woman in white dress on the phone sitting on the sand at the beach.
A woman wearing a white sun dress talking on a phone while sitting on a beach.
piece of pizza on left side of plate.
A piece of pizza with more cheese on top than the other piece.
A person with a blue jacket sits in a yellow kayak ready to enter the water.
a man sitting on a yellow kayak.
AN AMERICAN LADY WEARING PINK COLOR SLEEVELESS T SHIRT WATCHING LAPTOP.
A woman with blonde hair using a computer.
This is the sheep on the right.
A sheep with its ear underneath the chin of another sheep.
The blue and whie cart driving down the road.
parking police.
An elephant in water not being ridden by a man.
An elephant in front of another elephant that has a human on it.
A cat lying on a deck outdoors looking inside.
The cat reclining outside the window.
A striped cat is looking away.
The cat with stripes and dots nearest the bottom of the backpack.
The person with knee-guards.
Catcher.
A white remote holded in right hand of a person.
equipment in the right hand of the man.
A girl near a guy with a guitar.
The woman with blonde.
The corner of the table to the left of the table with the tray on it.
The table to the far left.
The giraffe on the right side of the image, reaching for the item over it's head.
A giraffe eating a tree branch.
A whole pizza.
white plate on pizza.
Finger in a picture.
A red blurred object to the left of a person holding a surf board.
Two stacks of suitcases on a table.
An elephant sticking its trunk in a bucket with its trunk being behind the letter "D" in "Dutch".
A girl In a pink shirt taking a bite of pizza.
The girl on the right,  eating a slice of pizza.
a women was smilling.
A girl in a pink helmet.
the black part of the booth by the man eating hands in the right hand picture.
The middle section between the backs of two booths; behind the subjects in the forefront.
Blue chair with a man sitting on it reading a book.
chair that the older man in sitting in by the wall.
A lime on top of other limes.
Some lemons inside of a bowl with other fruit.
A giraffe standing on a ground.
The tallest giraffe.
man.
A man holding a charger.
The back of a couch that is reddish-brown.
A single seated sopha placed in between a small table and a white chair.
A wine refridgerator in a kitchen under a counter.
A square silver oven.
a man with a colorful shirt.
the person wearing the fancy blue, white, and red print shirt.
a black baseball glove.
Boy with a black baseball glove.
A sliver car near a group of people.
The front of the car.
a silver bike handlebars in the front.
bike with siver and black handle bar on the left.
The horse to the right of the others.
Horse to the right of the other three horses.
A baby playing with a phone.
A baby holding a phone sitting on the floor.
A man in all black standing next to the blue fence.
A man wearing a black hat.
A giraffe's head.
The head of a large giraffe that is licking a woman's fingers.
a person in blue.
A women in blue dress standing beside a boy.
a girl in a green jacket standing on a horse.
A woman in a green shirt.
Our preident Obama.
President barack obama.
A man wearing glasses.
The man wearing glasses.
a blue surfboard with a picture of a guy surfing a wave.
A blue sign shaped like a surfboard with a picture of someone surfing on it.
car behin homeless person in chair.
Black car behind sign.
big boat.
A very old ship behind a standing man.
A man in white cutting a wedding cake.
A MAN CUTTING CAKE.
Lady in a white blazer to the right of a table and a woman in a white sweater.
A woman in white clothing with a necklace and bracelet.
a empty glass on a table.
An empty glass that is closer to the phone.
The piece of sausage that is not under the English muffin.
The piece of broccoli on the spoon.
A piece of broccoli to the right of another piece of broccoli.
The zebra with its head on the other's side.
Two zebras embracing in the wild.
batter holding a bat on a baseball field.
An out of focus baseball player beyond the fence with the number 19 on his jersey.
a large pink stuffed bear next to an infant sitting in a Bumbo.
pink teddy bear.
A toilet seat lid.
The toilet lid.
A grilled red tomato piece sits atop a bowl of vegetables.
chunk of tomatoe on left.
Blue Propeller airplane sitting outside next to another propeller airplane.
A vintage silver plane with a star symbol on the body and the letters YF near the cockpit.
A baby zebra.
A baby zebra laying on the ground.
The chair the man is sitting on has a design of a mask on it.
Chair that man playing guitar is sitting on.
A smiling woman holding a white surfboard with a blue logo.
surfer on the right.
two fingers on top of a book.
Two fingers touching the magazine.
Gray, yellow, and orange bird, perched on a person's finger.
A grey bird standing on a girls hand looking at its reflection in the mirror.
stack of cupcakes.
A tower of white cupcakes with red accents.
A man with a black sweater and black pants walks while looking at his phone.
The man who has his hands in his pocket looking at his cellphone.
A toilet with it's seat lifted up.
A toilet with a broken seat which is raised.
taller child wearing mint green pants holding skii sticks with skiis on their feet.
A kid in teal snow pants holding ski poles.
a women talking on phone.
the lady talking on the cel phone.
The light blue truck with the golden lion crest on the back window.
A woman in a purple shirt placing a piece of chocolate cake on a plate.
A woman in a purple coat adjusts a cake.
A white surfboard with a blue edge and a black logo being carried by a white male with flame swim trunks.
surf board on the hand of a man having yellow trousers.
A horse next to another one looks directly at the camera.
Close up face of a brown horse with black legs and hair.
A white bike with a green helmet resting on the handlebars.
A white bike on a hardwood floor.
A skinny brown cow eating to the left of a lighter colored smaller one.
a starving dark brown cow.
A pizza topped with mushrooms and tomatoes.
The pizza in back.
The urinal on the left.
The left most urinal.
An adult elephant.
The large elephant.
A man in a blue shirt eating at a table with one hand in the air.
Man sitting in chair with a royal blue shirt holding his arm in the air.
A double decker bus.
A double decker bus behind a white bus.
A knife cutting a cake.
Person wearing jacket cutting the cake.
A beard man with hat pulling his luggage.
An older man in a tye-dyed shirt carrying a ton of luggage.
A jet third from the right in a group of identical jets.
A red and turquoise book beneath other books.
The bottom book in the pile.
A small child in a striped onesie, sucking a yellow pacifier and laying next to an older boy on a bed.
Younger baby with pacifier.
The last two slices of the pizza.
A messy slice of pepperoni pizza in a pizza box.
chair girl in pink is sitting in.
A chair next to a table with a girl in a pink dress sitting in it.
An airplane being towed into place.
A giraffe reaching for food over another giraffe.
Giraffe with darker brown spots.
broccoli and shredded cheese on top of pasta.
The broccoli piece on top of the other.
a giraffe bending its head under a beam.
A small giraffe standing under a big giraffe.
a white rectangular mp3 player.
White MP3 player sitting on left side of phones.
A GREEN WHITE BLACK RED COLOR KITE BACK FROM A SMILING GIRL BABY IN THE BEACH.
circular thing on the right.
A white sink without a scale underneath it.
Sink on the left with soap on the left.
the motorcycle with a blue bin.
A blue color byke.
an old man who wearing check shirt shitting on chair.
An old man in shirt and trousers, wearing glasses.
A baseball player running between second and third base.
A baseball player running to the next base.
There is women back of blue t-shirt man.
a woman on a bilboard wearing a blue tank top.
THREE YELLOW BANANA NEAR BY A RED COLOR MUG WITH BROCCOLI GREEN COLOR.
The girl sitting on the bench.
the woman in black sitting on the bench.
A young girl named Kelly presenting her project.
A girl at a table.
A silver metal tag behind a girl eating pizza.
A man with a black vest standing next to a man in a blue shirt.
Man wearing a black vest buttoning his shirt.
A business man with a suit at the car.
A MAN IN A SUIT WITH HIS LAPTOP OPEN ON THE TABLE.
A zebra whose head is facing the camera.
A zebra looking backward.
a knife laying next to a fork that is partially under a clear plate.
A dessert with a yellow ribbon around it.
A cake that is sitting on a red platter.
The apple on the top left.
A wine glass that is on the far left.
An empty wine glass sitting to the left of two other glasses.
A HALF CUT BANANA WITH SAUCE ON IT.
banana with honey.
A colt with a man standing behind it.
baby horse.
A man with an A on his Jersey.
The batter to the right.
A giraffe.
GIRAFFE.
Woman on a couch holding a blue towel.
woman in red tank top holding a blue towel.
A table covered in a white cloth with empty plates on top of it.
table with food.
the runner that is not sliding on the blue team.
The player in blue looking on at the other players.
pink and white striped umbrella.
A pink and white striped umbrella.
The dark mini van parked on the far left.
A van in the background behind a lone man in green.
The white suitcase sat on by the woman on the right.
A piece of food that is directly below the top piece of food, and near the person taking the picture.
Burnt crust of a cheese pizza.
Old boat in the middle.
boat in motion.
A man sitting behind a microphone.
A man behind a microphone.
A MAN IS SEARCHING SOMETHING.
A man bending over in a purple shirt.
A hand with a ring on it cutting carrots.
A GIRL WAS CUTTING THE VEGITABLE IN THE TABLE\.
Half of a sandwich on the right side of a plate nearest a coffee mug.
A girl with blond hair, wearing a white long sleeve shirt and red pants playing frisbee.
The person wearing red pants and a white shirt.
Wooden baseball bat touching the field with black lines and writing on it.
A piece of chicken ball below another chicken ball in a bowl with paper cover.
A half seen cake that is inside the cone.
the baseball bat that is underneath another bat and a metal helmet.
A book is kept opened on a table near a laptop.
An opened book on a table.
A blurry donut being held with a napkin.
A MAN IN BLACK SHIRT USING LAPTOP.
A man wearing glasses with a laptop in his lap.
A white truck filled with luggage.
A white color truck.
Apples in a bowl.
an umpire in a blue uniform.
A blue jersey and grey pants basket ball player raising his hands.
The right arm of a person that is wearing a white shirt.
Side of an employers arm at the bakery shop.
a panda next to a man in a red jacket.
A cut out figure of panda bear chewing on bamboo beside a man with a red winter coat.
A red piece of furniture to the right of another red piece of furniture.
A red head rest of a love seat chair.
A man in a red shirt.
A man in a red shirt playing Wii.
A man in blue diving to hit a ball with a racket.
A male tennis player reaching for a shot.
Frisbee player in neon green jersey jumping to attempt catching the frisbee.
Man in yellow shirt jumping from grass reaching in the air.
A zebra standing in front of two others from the camera's view.
A zebra in front of two other zebras.
food on a rectangular tray including pepperoni.
A square shaped pizza with spinach and tomatoes on it to the right of the little girl in the photo.
A police bike coming as first.
The person surfing.
Man in red and black shirt surfing.
a trailer.
The back of a trailer being loaded with sheep.
A slice of pepperoni pizza.
A slice of pepperoni pizza in front of a person's hands.
the peach right behind the apple in front.
Fuzzy peach in front of lemon.
A skateboarder in a white shirt in the middle of a jump.
A young male skater doing a trick through a cloud of confetti.
A light colored surfboard being held by a man wearing a dark sweatshirt and standing to the far right.
A white surfboard held at a 45 degree angle.
A purple truck with gated sides driving on a road following other trucks.
A blue truck which is third in a line of trucks.
A brown horse is trotting behind another horse, both with riders.
A brown horse carries a person in blue.
A man in a blue t-shirt holds a pair of blue skis.
A man wearing a navy blue T-shirt.
The train in the center.
yellow color train running to the front of the camara.
train coming to the front of the camara.
A woman wearing a white shirt and a red skirt.
A woman in a white shirt and orange skirt stands in front of the winners.
A red wing of a plane.
a single red wing of an airplane, marked with a white and black symbol, in the foreground on the image.
TWO BURNERS OF A WHITE COOKING RANGE.
It is hot plates of a white stovein a kitchen.
FATTY MAN.
man in brown and black shirt wearing glasses.
The white dog with two brown eyes.
dog laying head on car seat.
plant sitting on the table.
the light green plant on the right.
There is one black color computer keyboard on the table.
The black keyboard nearest the table edge.
A wet brown dog shakes himself off in a plastic swimming pool.
a brown dog shaking.
A shaggy ox looks out for danger while his mate eats.
An oxen behind another oxen in a field.
A boy in white and black jersey playing soccer.
the boy in the white shirt.
Chair under girl with green shorts.
An old chair.
The tallest elephant.
the tallest elephant.
A light blue pickup truck between two other pickup trucks.
Blue truck standing in middle of other two trucks in a lawn.
elephant whose tail is visible.
The elephant on the right that is mostly cut off by the picture; you can only see its rear end.
TALLER ZEBRA LOOKING OVER BACK OF ZEBRA.
A zebra standing with its head over another zebra's back.
baby giraffe.
A baby giraffe getting cleaned by her mom.
the horse closest to the water.
a blonde horse.
3 farm tractors.
Farm equipment being transported.
The man in the left cell.
The photo at the left.
A man in a red jacket on skis.
A man in a red coat skiing.
A young man with a red cap skiing.
a skiier wearing glasses and a red knit cap.
A tire and fender of an old motorcycle and the seat of a scooter and two purple helmets.
A purple motorcycle.
zebra head down on right.
a zebra on the right of the picture.
A baseball player using a bat to hit a baseball.
A baseball batter in mid-swing.
The kit in the mans right hand.
A boy in a blue jersey kicking soccer during a game.
young boy in a blue jersey playing soccer with another boy while a referee stands in the background.
A zebra leaning on another zebra.
A zebra holding his head on the back of another zebra.
A zebra in front of another zebra.
the zebra nearest to the camera.
A soccer player in blue and yellow shorts and knee high socks about to kick a soccer ball.
the two player are playing football in ground.
A fork on a plate.
the smaller deer behind the bigger one at the left of the picture.
The smaller of the two animals.
woman with curly hair.
A woman with curly hair.
A pink bicycle that is to the left of a cat.
the bike wheel near the cat.
Larger of the two zebras.
A mother and young baby zebra bonding.
an opened truck engine.
a black truck.
A bus is being pointed at by a man.
White and red luxury bus standing in bus stand.
the red color four wheeler which is in parking.
A small red Honda with European plates.
The woman wearing the blue and white striped shirt.
old woman.
The left tennis player.
woman in left image.
The onlooker who isn't protecting his groin.
A ball boy in a blue shorts outfit and baseball hat watching a tennis game next to the referee.
The vase with a lid on the right of the vase with balls in it.
A tall decanter on a table to the right of a glass container and a vase.
An older man in a beanie and black coat with a white shirt.
A white man with a white shirt, black jacket, and an orange tennis racket standing by two other men on a court.
A set of skis in between two people.
The green and blue ski the man with the black helmet is holding.
yellow drink.
A yellowish drink is sitting on a table above food.
The young girl in the pink shirt and khaki pants.
A little girl wearing a pink shirt watching a pitch being thrown.
A men in brown jacket.
Person in orange coat standing beside a truck with two men standing in front of him.
peaches on the bottom right section.
A woman using scissors to manicure her child or help cut something.
A woman and a child sitting together on the ground next to a cabinet.
A young boy playing Wii with other children.
The boy in the white and orange shirt.
A pink umbrella over a woman with a tan shoulder bag.
A muddy elephant in the dry wilderness.
grey elephant in foreground.
The larger bear staring at the camera.
a brown adult bear.
The zebra with its head above the other.
the left zebra.
the right of the traffic light.
Snow on a stop light.
a glass full of water is kept on a table.
A glass of clear liquid.
baby reaching for mouse and keyboard.
Baby and her hands touching mouse and keyboard.
A victorian-decorated ewer with white and purple flowers on the table at a cafe called Cocoa.
vase with flowers on a table.
A man sitting down wearing a black and yellow jacket, black pants, and brown gloves.
A man in a yellow and black jacket.
A young man on a skateboard films his friend.
A man wearing a fanny pack while stationary atop a skateboard.
A white horse behind a brown horse.
white horse.
a woman on a bike and her dog.
A woman in blue dragging her bike in a park.
the piece of broccoli that has a very long stalk.
the broccoli stalk sticking out from the left.
A wooden kitchen chair against a grey paneled wall.
wooden chair pulled up to table with partially filled wine glass.
The part of the driver behind the wheel.
A MAN DRIVING A CAR STEERING NEAR HORSE.
An elephant with flowers on its head.
Elephant with flowers on its head.
the brown pot.
gold colored vase of flowers.
lightest color canoe.
the furthest big white boat.
BOY SKATE WITH SKATE BOARD.
A player balancing in a snowboarding game.
A woman wearing glasses and a blue shirt holding a Wii controller.
A woman wearing tan pants.
A OLD OFF WHITE COLORED COMPUTER MONITOR.
A SAMSUNG BIG MONITOR.
giraffee in front.
The giraffe right front.
A brown chair next to a lamp.
A woman in a white wedding dress in front of a wedding cake.
woman wearing a white dress.
boy in blue shirt and hat.
a child waring the cap.
Part of a woman seen from the back wearing a black/white sweater and black pants in front of a cake.
The person in the gray sweater in front of the forks.
The middle zebra in the side pack of three,  on the right.
A zebra standing between 2 other zebras taking a drink from a lake.
a mat that the pizza and plate is sitting on.
white cloth underneath the pizza.
person in dark brown sweater behind blonde.
The right most piece of broccoli.
broccoli.
A teddy bear with purple colour cap.
A bear wearing a pink hat.
A baseball player posed ready to catch a ball.
A man in white dress and black cap is catching the ball.
A tugboat tied up at a dock in chilly weather.
A tall ship waiting in the harbor, with no sails.
The half  of the sandwich nearest to the person on the plate next to the piece of lemon.
Half of a chicken sandwich sits behind the other half on a blue plate.
A girl wearing a striped shirt.
two Caucasian female children wearing white and pink shirts making a sandwich while standing next to an asian woman in a black shirt.
A young boy holding an umbrella, smiling at the camera.
A small boy holding a umbrella wooden handle.
A girl wearing a white dress and pink tights sitting next to a man in a red shirt and polka dotted tie.
A lady wearing white color top and red color pant.
The man with a blue shirt holding his arms out.
A man with numbered 21.
a brown sofa.
A leather chair with a red blanket sits next to wrapped gifts.
A yellow wooden chair with an incredibly tall back.
A empty brown dining chair with a man's left hand resting on the top.
Only the chair to the right of the girl, that has a man's hand that wears a ring resting on top of it.
A red cake with one lit candle.
A cake that is mostly red on top with a candle in the middle.
Left side basin below the mirror.
Left side basin below the mirror.
The chair on the left that is mostly visible.
a wood chair.
A half naked man, with white shorts, is up in midair attempting to catch a green frisbee.
A guy jumping in the air.
shirtless male whose arm is in front of the board.
The man on the left of the man wearing a shirt in the image.
A woman wearing a red colour dress.
An attentive lady in a red shirt with her hand on her face.
A BOY BABY SITTING ON HIS FATHER'S FOREARM AND WATCHING COW.
A little boy looking at a cow.
A large white vehicle with tinted windows.
A white car.
The chair closest to the one the woman is sitting in.
the seat right behind the woman s wine glass.
Baby sitting in a turquoise tub.
A baby in a tub with toys taking a bath.
The bus on the left with only the side showing.
A van which is to the left of bus in which written royal roost.
carrott that fork is pointing at.
A piece of a carrot that is close to the fork.
man playing with kite.
The boy is ready to fly his kite.
The baby with the dress on is being held.
A young toddler dressed in white, in the arms of an adult male.
the taller man with sunglasses.
A man in a khaki hat and sunglasses wearing a white shirt and dark vest sitting in front of a glass wall.
white plastic tablecloth under cake.
A white tablecloth.
a boy playing 1st base in a black uniform.
the boy running.
3 tennis rackets pointing upwards.
A woman with black hair holding the tennis racket in front.
the woman on the right.
A white stuffed animal on top of a shelve.
white teddy bear on top of the cabinet.
A man standing next to bananas with his back turned.
man carrying bananas.
The laptop on the left displays two open windows.
laptop in the left side of the image.
The zebra on the right.
a white van seen behind a small car and an SUV.
A white van sitting in traffic.
A book with a bird on the cover.
A book with a bird on the cover.
Large donut under a smaller one on a plate.
2 donuts on the bottom.
The black horse directly next to the tan horse.
The rear black horse.
A man standing near the couch wearing a dark plaid shirt.
A man in a plaid shirt playing Wii.
A man in glasses shares a drink with his significant other.
A man drinking from a glass.
Girl smiling while hugging a large tan teddy bear at the table with a woman in black blouse.
Red haired girl smiling and looking at the lady.
The bag of vegetables behind all of the other fruits and vegetables.
The farthest away greens.
Some sort of creamy food topped with brown flakes in a bowl with triangles around the rim.
A bowl of food painted with a zigzag pattern.
A toothbrush is in a white plastic cup with toothpaste.
The red and white toothbrush.
An airplane on the ground.
the plane on the ground.
Giraffe standing close to a boy's hand.
A giraffe being fed.
the bike in the right hand picture.
A CYCLE STANDING ON THE ROADSIDE FENCING NEAR THE RIVER BED.
A woman in a blue and white shirt holding a cell phone.
A woman holding a phone.
A Boston Red Sox player has his hands up and his mouth open as he stands next to another player.
White baseball player with full beard.
A woman standing next to the drum set.
A girl singing on stage by holding an umberalla on her right shoulder.
A white divided keyboard.
The keyboard on the extension of the desk next to the mouse.
woman wearing black apron.
woman.
A woman in a white shirt sits next to a little girl.
Woman behind child.
The lead horse walking with trainer 1.
A horse being walked by a man in a red shirt.
An Asian man wearing a baseball cap, glasses, and black t-shirt with an American flag on the front.
A man wearing cap on head sitting second from left side.
A metal chair at the end of a table, in front of the window.
She is so happy.
A woman with short red hair wearing glasses holding a gaming remote.
A chef standing at the stove.
Male cook at stove.
The chair in which the red guy is sitting.
A metal chair on which a teenager is sitting with red hood type jacket.
A silver sedan next to the right side of a white and red work truck.
an opened book.
A BOOK OPENED COVER PAGE NEAR BY SLEEPING A MAN.
The top piece of sausage, next to the brocolli.
Meat on a plate with 2 other vegetables.
The motorcycle which has no rider.
the grey motorcycle parked next to the bike.
The giraff which is fully visible.
A man's reflection in the mirror.
A bicycle upright and leaning against a metal sculpture with a pink water bottle attached to it.
A white road bike.
An adult giraffe sitting on the ground.
One giraffe lays down beneath three others that stand around it.
The bench furthest from the white rock.
A bench facing to the left.
A man dressed in black with his hand on his belt.
A LARGE WHITE A BLUE SHIP IN THE WATER. WITH FIVE DECKS.
A large white cruise ship is passing a very green mountain.
elephant about to charge.
There is a large elephant standing outside.
the 2009 jan-june.
A 2009 diary that starts from January to June.
A man in a striped shirt rides a motorcycle.
a man riding the bike in the road.
A man wearing a jeans and gray t shirt.
The man in the grey shirt.
The man to the left in a black shirt.
Rafael Nadal, holding a tennis racket next to a woman and another player.
The man wearing the waist length jacket.
A man who having his left hand in Pocket.
This is a lime that is in focus.
A ripe lime sits slightly behind a banana and slightly in front of an apple.
stainless steel bowl.
A mixing bowl to which a dough is being added.
A green train car is parked on the tracks next to the empty tracks.
A goods Container Standing in the railway track.
A black car.
The van the man in the blue shirt is sitting on.
A stuffed animal with a blue dress on.
Stuffed white bear in blue gown and flowered hat.
A cat laying down behind another cat, closer to the window.
A big white and black colored cat lying on behind another brown small cat.
the furthest back orange.
the green and silver tennis racket being held in the right hand picture.
A tennis racket being held by a man in a white shirt.
A child curled up in a black suitcase wearing a purple striped shirt.
A girl wearing purple and blue curled up within a suitcase.
goat on the left.
leftmost sheep close to the dog.
the cat on the right in the right hand picture.
An orange cat.
The man closest to the woman's left hand.
The man with the black shirt sitting on the couch.
A man's hand holding a wine glass in the foreground with a guy in a suit standing in background with a glass.
A man in a black tshirt with white writing.
The three giraffes.
A young giraffe near a wall standing between two other giraffes.
A white kitchen stove.
White stove with four burners and tea towels on the rail.
A silver backpack with a man's arm resting on it.
bag man is resting his elbowon.
A man in a blue sleeveless shirt.
A man wearing a blue tank top who is biting a plastic wrapped sandwich.
A pepperoni pizza pie in a paper carton pie holder.
A pizza with tomato and olives on it.
The slice of cheese pizza on the right.
A slice of cheese pizza.
a man black suit and plate and cake.
A man.
The water glass with no wine.
A tall clear class in back of a whine class and a bottle of whine.
Chair closest to door.
Chair facing player.
The elephant who's back side is covering part of the sign on the building behind it.
The leftmost elephant.
A snowboarder with light blue pants.
Snowboarder.
Pizza in white bowl.
A white container with pizza in it.
The tin foil bowl on the left.
HORSE ON THE FARTHEST RIGHT.
The horse that is under the W in the sign.
A pink umbrella.
pink umbrella.
a woman wearing t-shirt and eating food with spoon.
A woman wearing glasses and holding a fork.
a boy holding a green and black tennis racket.
boy with gray striped shirt.
The laptop on the right.
The largest laptop on the table.
the joy of cooking book.
joy of cooking book.
A woman in a black shirt crossing the street.
A smiling spectacle lady with flying hairs and smiling face.
An older man in a suit with headphones on at a meeting.
A man wearing a blue tie and glasses.
the womans backpack.
The black backpack slung over the women in pink shirt.
The man with both hands raised on the white computer monitor.
The man in the middle monitor that has his arms up in the air.
A woman in a blue shirt standing in a kitchen.
A woman in a purple standing with her hand on her chest.
The TV on top of the dresser.
A silver boxed tv on a shelf.
The two zebras side by side.
two zebras standing in the grass close to each other facing the right in front of another zebra.
the Coach wallet that the keys are attached to.
A wallet attached to a set of keys.
Black strap of a bookbag going across the body of a man with a white paper hat on.
a backpack strap.
A piece of tasty pan pizza on a beautiful white plate.
a slice of pizza sitting on top of the rest of the pizza.
RIGHT HAND OF BLACK COLOR DRESS WEARING MAN/WOMAN.
someone half in the picture infront of a pink jacket.
The bald man in the polka dot shirt.
A man wearing a shirt with white dots on it.
The man in the pruple shirt with his hand on his forehead.
Man in purple shirt with glasses sitting at desk with coffee cup.
Rear view of a man in blue shirt and grey cap.
A man wearing a blue shirt and a grey hat.
a women plaing the tennis in the tv.
A women playing t v tennis with her friend.
A red 18-wheeler truck with attached tractor trailer.
The red truck in between the yellow and blue truck in the back of the picture.
The motorcycle on the far left.
A woman wearing a red striped shirt.
The woman in the striped shirt.
skier on the left in the right hand picture.
The woman in the blue and white jacket standing next to the left most sign.
a knife that's outside of it's cover.
Knife near to the knife sheath.
A young woman with long hair wearing black and white striped pants sitting in the snow near a road.
A young woman in blue shirt and striped pants sitting in the snow.
The brush was very damaged.
The brush is very old.
Woman in dark blue jacket with red and black scarf.
A person wearing a black/blue jacket with short hair and glasses.
Person watching snowboarder and holding a helmet.
The person in front of the man in the red jacket.
The 2nd smallest elephant is walking up the hill.
A gray elephant standing to the left of two other elephants.
sofa behind the little girl.
the light grey couch behind the girl.
A close-up of the front of a motorcycle, including the mirrors.
dashboard of motorcycle clostest to camera.
A red crabcakes food truck.
The last food van in line that's red and white.
A large grey elephant trunk.
the elephant with a small tusk near its mouth.
the back of a black spotted horse.
A horse whose face is not visible.
The gentleman in white that is to the right of the gentleman wearing the dark blazer.
A man in a white shirt.
the umbrella on the top of the mans head.
A multi color umbrella is fixed in a man's head which have blue, read, yellow and green colors.
A woman sitting at the table.
A girl wearing a white shirt sitting down.
A grey table with a pizza and wine glasses on it.
A table full of food and drinks.
An elephant being ridden by a man in a red and yellow turban.
front elephant.
A white car is parked and has two people leaning on it.
Four giraffes staring over a fence.
4 giraffes bunched up together.
The dog that is not the reflection.
The back of the dog's head who is staring into the mirror.
street light with red signal.
A traffic sign with red lights.
A tan dog watches a puppy.
A gray dog with black ears.
Large fluted frosted crystal candle holder.
A glass globe lamp with ribbed texture.
bread with pickles and cheese.
the food that is being touched by for sharp part.
An elephant behind an elephant calf.
A large elephant leg behind the baby elephant.
A pillow to comfort a baby on a high chair.
A white towel that is draped over the back of the highchair.
A PERSON IS PLAYING BROWN COLOURED VIOLIN.
A woman is sitting in a kitchen playing a violin.
the baseball player on the right.
the batter in the right side a 6 in his jearsy.
the cross-body purse the woman in the foreground is carrying.
Zebra baring teeth.
A zebra in front.
A green painted, wooden bench to the left side of another matching bench.
The bench on the left side with full painting.
a zebra eating.
zebra with entire body visible.
the burner to the right of the pizza.
the man with denim jacket.
a smiling guy wearing a blue shirt.
A red color truck.
Orange truck driving down road.
A woman in a black jacket sitting on a park bench.
Woman with coat and sunglasses, sitting on bench by white bag.
A person with a white shirt and black pants sitting with a glass in hand.
A man in black trousers.
A cow with grass hanging out of its mouth.
cow in front.
the girl in the grey shirt.
A girl turns to her right to smile at the camera as she decorates chocolate treats at a table.
The lcd monitor which is in the first of the table.
computer moniter.
THE LADY WITH BLACK JACKET.
A woman with blonde hair and a black shirt is standing near a display of donuts.
WHITE FZK MOTORCYCLE.
A GIRAFFE IS WALKING BEHIND ANOTHER ONE.
An adult giraffe standing in tall grass with trees in the background.
The stuffed animal on the left.
A bear wearing a stripey shirt.
two yellow flowers in vase in dowonstairs room.
Yellow flowers.
An Australian plane with a red tail sits parked next to a blue Tahiti plane.
A red and white plane behind a blue plane.
The person whose face is not shown.
The hand with one finger pointing from the side.
A clear glass of water.
The clear glass is on the upper left corner.
A GLASS OF BROWN SODA ON A TABLE.
A glass with a drink in it sitting to the right corner of the plate.
A blue and white boat called the Pommern.
A blue and brown boat docked next to a pier.
the second army man from the left.
A lady holding a jacket in her hands and sitting in fornt of a table on which is an unopened food box.
A woman with brown hair sitting near a purple backpack at a table with a man eating donuts.
a girl carrying a black bag wearing a red shirt.
a child wearing the school back.
white umbrella in the woman's right hand.
A white umbrella being held in the right hand of a woman in a pink dress.
A baby giraffe looking to somewhere.
The back and side of a giraffe's head.
An arm with bracelets on it.
a womans arm.
portion of a blue and white boat named Lauren Jade.
blue and white boat named lauren jade.
Man in white shirt and jeans with one hand on his hip.
A man wearing a white shirt.
A apple desktop computer.
the white IMac computer that is also turned on.
A white small teddy bear next to a brown teddy bear.
A white teddy bear near the brown teddy bear.
a white and black chair with two purses sitting on it.
A white and black chair with a purse on it.
white table uner pizza and drinks.
Beige table with food on top of it.
A dark brown cow surrounded by a bunch of birds.
A dark brown cow standing opposite to a lighter cow, in a busy street filled with pigeons.
A black shirt.
The person on the left of the girl.
a finger sandwich next to an empty plate.
bed with green spread and pink pillow on it.
A bed with pink pillows and a pink blanket on the end.
a girl is sitting in between her friends.
middle person.
A MEN LEFT HAND POURING JUICE TO TUMBLER FROM THE MIXER IN THE TABLE.
A left hand holds a pitcher pouring a creamy blended drink into a white cup.
A white square bowl filled with chicken stew.
A square bowl with what looks like mexican soup with chicken in it.
the wing of a yellow airplane.
the yellow plant near the men.
Some green vegetables nearest the center of the bowl.
A cluster of brocolli and tomates at the top of a pasta dsih.
Brown animal with horns in green grass.
A animal with horns.
Catcher in blue mask behind home plate.
Catcher with arm extended.
A grey soft toy with only its teeth showing.
Stuffed animal on top with white teeth.
A blue, white, and black tennis racquet held by a woman.
Black and blue tennis racket held by a woman.
3carrots in center with ice and greenn leaves.
The man in the grey shirt with the black wrist watch band.
A man holding a fruit.
The table in front of the smiling people.
The closest table.
Top of a UPS truck parked on the side of the road.
ups truck.
the table behind the cake holding food dishes.
A buffet table behind the wedding cake.
A girl standing on the left of the group of three.
Woman standing on left.
A man with a red shirt playing wii.
Young man in orange shirt on the right.
The table with the cardboard box on it.
white color table with dolls.
A women in a white shirt touching her glasses while looking down.
A sitting woman adjusting her eyeglasses.
A man at a restaurant holding his cell phone.
a person holding a cell phone.
The rearview mirror closest to the zebra.
Side mirror of a car showing another person leaping out of their car.
Three microwaves sitting above the stoves.
a giraffe with his head partially hidden by a tree.
a giraffe with its head behind a tree.
A woman with her hair in a bun talks on her cellphone.
a businesswoman on a phone.
The second to last motorbike in this row of motorbikes.
Two motorcycles at the far end of a row of identical motorcycles.
The person in red.
A woman dressed in bright pink carrying an umbrella.
A motorcycle between two other motorcycles.
Motorcyle in the center.
the bus that says training bus on the front.
A bus that says it is a training bus in front of a large building.
An older man in a white shirt eats a pastry with two children.
the adult man in white.
An empty booth.
The booth seat is empty.
A grey laptop that is not being used by anyone.
A laptop near another two laptops which is not used by anyone.
An overweight boy having pizza with three of his friends.
A boy in a grey Adidas shirt with his mouth agape.
A notebook with kittens on it.
A post card with the cartoon of two cats and few flowers laying near a hand bag.
A man looking in a rearview mirror of a motorcycle.
A man taking a picture of himself in the rear view mirror.
A child in a red jacket and black snow pants.
A child holding skis wearing a green helmet.
A chestnut horse whose face is obscured.
A horse that has a woman with a blue and white vest riding it.
The stuffed bear in a wedding dress.
A teddy bear dressed like a bride next to a bear dressed like a groom.
A happy girl in a black shirt sharing a carrot with a giraffe.
A black cat standing next to grey tennis shoes.
A black cat next to a pair of sneakers.
A young baby holding a pink teddy bear.
A babe in a diaper.
A long doughnut with white sprinkles in a box with a variety of other doughnuts.
glazed doughnut with coconut flakes on top.
a pitbull is laying on the ground with other dogs.
dog near top of picture.
The pizza on a white plate.
A large piece of pizza with steak and cheese topping on a white plate.
giraffe with head up.
the giraffe in front of the other kneeling giraffe.
two hands holding a plate of cake with colorful candy on top.
a person's hand holding a white plastic fork.
an empty white bench.
bench covered by white cloth.
A red tennis racket with the letter 'W' on it.
The tennis racket being held by the man in the grey pants.
A baseball player with a number "5" on his back.
batter with number 5 on his shirt.
A bear protecting a half-eaten pumpkin.
The black bear on the right abou to eat the pumpkin.
a green umbrella.
The green umbrella that is closed.
Legs of person in background.
A person's legs in the background of a picture.
the man taking a photo.
A person with black gloves holding a camera.
table.
tabletop.
A black with an Eastpak tag.
A large black bag.
A boy in a striped shirt.
A little boy running on a beach near the ocean.
TRAIN DESIGN CAKE AND TWO NUMBER OF CANDLE AND PINK COLOR TRAIN CAKE.
Orange color train carriage number 2 placed on it.
The big red park&ride bus.
A red color bus halted the platform no. 22.
Giraffe behind another giraffe.
A giraffe with one full horn visible and behind the neck of another giraffe.
A closeup of a toothbrush head with white toothpaste on the bristles.
Pink toothbrush with toothpaste on it.
neck of giraffe on the right.
A giraffe with its head bowed down.
Large black bear with white patch on front.
the big bear with red behind him.
A man in a red coat on skis.
Skier wearing a res jacket.
A large black rimmed monitor with an orange display.
computer screen with yellow backgound.
A white dog in the front passenger seat.
A dog sitting in the front passenger seat of a car.
A man in a blue suit is sitting on a bench.
A person reading a newspaper on a bench.
A woman in a gray sweater and scarf.
The woman wearing glasses and a gray sweater. She also has a scarf and dark blue jeans on.
The back of the chair that the cat is in.
high chair sat in by cat.
Large, amber vase behind smaller vase.
A large glass vase.
A brown haired girl almost completely hidden from view by a girl wearing a purple halter.
An orange book titled '101 Wines'.
A stack of books to include the titles of 101 Wines and Don't Make Me Think!.
planter and plants near man's right arm.
The planter on the left hand side.
the bench under the man in the blue hat.
The bottom of the green bench.
A zebra eating hay standing next to another zebra.
The person sitting in the snow.
A snowboarder that is sitting on the ground.
A man wearing glasses standing in front of a yellow and white cake.
A man wearing glasses.
A woman with a ponytail holding a baby.
A girl in a blue shirt with a ponytail holding a baby.
A man in a blue shirt holding a black laptop.
man with a blue shirt using a laptop.
An orange bus.
An orange bus behind a red one.
A man in a light blue striped shirt and khaki shorts holding a tennis racket.
A tennis player in a light blue, white-striped shirt, and khaki shorts.
The top piece to a light brown bench behind a cat sitting in a bowl.
Wooden bench to the left of photo.
a yellow rectangle bowl with broccoli and a brown food in it.
The tray that holds the broccoli.
A guy in a blue shirt catching a frisbee.
A man wearing a royal blue shirt and black shorts reaches for a Frisbee with his left hand.
The straps of the backpack on the girl.
Black backpack straps.
The darker giraffe closest to the wooden structure.
A brown color zebra is trying to trying to jump on the rock.
A blonde woman with a yellow scarf.
a women driving a motor bike.
A man wearing Blue t-shirt.
A man in a blue shirt, smiling, with his arms crosses.
A girl wearing a purple jacket sitting on the ground.
A smiling woman in a purple shirt sitting on the ground.
a green  and yellow double decker bus.
A green, yellow and white double decker bus.
A piece of broccoli behind another piece of broccoli.
The corner of the square white plate.
A square plate holding rice and broccolli.
Slices of mango inside a bowl.
BOWL WITH PEACHES.
The man wearing an orange shirt.
An older man in an orange v neck tshirt smiling and holding a glass of wine.
The man that is touching his face.
A man in a dark plaid shirt touchging his nose.
a half of a sandwich close to the plate if fries.
Pitza piece which is near to the square dish.
chair of lady in red shirt.
The chair the lady in the red shirt is sitting on.
A giraffe facing away from the camera with its head closer to the ground.
The giraffe with their head bowed.
a man wearing a jeans and brown t-shirt.
A man wearing a tan sweater and blue jeans sitting on the couch.
the bananas.
back legs of the costume camel.
person in back of the camel.
A boy in dark blue.
the boy on the right in the right hand picture.
The back of a black wheelchair with a boy wearing a grey and red shirt sitting in it.
The wheelchair.
The left ski of the skier that's mid-jump.
the left ski of the skier.
the silver laptop in the back.
Open laptop with bowl of cereal in front.
cow right side.
Mostly black cow statue on the right.
The orange touching the two apples.
An orange centered directly behind the two apples.
A MAN WEARING GLASSES STANDING NEAR A GIRAFFE.
A man wearing spectacles with two kids near the girafee.
platter with fish on it.
elephant in the right most side of the image.
An elephant following the other elephant.
Part of another giraffe.
A person with a pink shirt around their waist.
A woman in all white with a pink cloth tied around her waist.
the red boat that the two guys and dog are sitting on.
A red boat with a dog on top in the water.
A parent is watching a young child try to hit a ball with a bat.
A man taking care of his kids.
A food tray lid and foil sit in a red bowl.
A red bowl in the back center of the picture.
The couple on the bench kissing each other.
The groom.
A man in a white striped shirt is playing tennis.
A man playing doubles tennis wearing a white shirt.
A little girl using a green and white device.
A small blond girl is wearing a striped shirt.
a woman holding a lantern.
A blond woman with a long white dress.
A black crow on top of the bench.
A large crow sitting on the back of a wooden bench.
The back of the seat to the left of the man.
A woman in blue and pink playing tennis.
The tennis player with the white skirt.
A Green truck that is parked.
a black parked car behind a table where two children are sitting.
A moss green skateboard laying on its side.
The darker floral bag sitting on the lap.
The purse with the purple and green flower pattern.
A MAN WAS SITTING THE  METAL LAMP AND USING THE CEELL PHONE.
Man in hat talking on cell phone sitting on a post.
A mouse with red and white colour.
A red, black, and white wireless computer mouse with Japanese writing across the buttons.
The lady in a tan uniform at the head of the table.
A woman in a brown shirt with a blue name tag.
The tennis player in front, wearing white.
tennis player white outfit.
A man shaving his side burns looking down.
The man with his head bent down.
A lady cook in the kitchen.
A female chef ready to cook.
woman with black top with white polka dots sitting in an applicance.
woman.
a yellow bus on the right.
shorter school bus.
The chair that the person and the dog are sharing.
Chair with dog on it.
A glass of wine in back of two other glasses of wine.
Wine glass behind other two wine glasses.
A man with a black jacket and a blue and white striped hat.
a man in jeans and a puffy black coat wearing a blue and white striped stocking hat.
A father helping his kid skateboard, holding his left knee, on a half pipe.
A man wearing white t shirt.
The entire table with food on it.
A long table with 5 plates of food.
A skateboarder performing a trick in a skate park.
a skateboarder in a plaid shirt doing a trick.
a white train with yellow doors.
The train with yellow doors.
There is a bowl with paste and leaf.
blue cheese in a small bowl on a plate with wings.
blue bowl contaning white rice with black seasoning.
Japanese rice sprinkled with seaweed and topped with an umeboshi plum.
The pizza closest to the front of the car.
a tray of food sits on a table.
Table on which a tray full of food and a drink is standing.
A white chair facing the kitchen table.
chair at round table.
The black table under the red, orange and yellow painting.
A black table with white chairs in front of it.
A blue car is turning left.
A blue car is turning the corner at an intersection.
A red, black, and white kite lying on the grass.
A black, white, and red kite.
The engine at the right of another three.
a blue and white train to the far right.
The snowboarder in the blue jacket.
A woman wearing a blue jacket and standing on skis.
A man in khaki pants resting under a black umbrella and a flag.
A man seated playing video games with three other people.
the boy partially squatted 2nd from the left.
A white cow with spots down its back and legs and a mostly white face laying in the dirt.
A man laying on a bed.
A man laying down on a bed while typing away on a laptop that is on his chest.
A bowl of red food.
a bowl of tomato sauce.
The middle fire truck.
a truck with 31e3.
The green chair behind the other green chair.
A GREEN COLOR STEEL CHAIR IN FRONT OF THE FRUIT BOWL IN THE TABLE.
A man in a green shirt sitting next to a child in a restaurant.
A brown haired man with a green sweatshirt looking at a kid.
a blue colour dressed lady eating a loaf of bread.
a woman smiling eating a slice of pizza.
The back of a white van.
A white van under streetlamps is parked next to a sidewalk.
ONE LAPTOP KEPT ON THE TABLE IS ONLINE POSITION.
an elephant.
the elephant on the far left.
a pair of skiis upright.
The skis that the adult man is holding.
zebra standing behind the branch and looking away.
the chair by the table.
The horse is wearing a flower wreath on it's head.
Front most palomino horse with strip and flowers.
a babe etning in pizza.
A child in a striped shirt is eating pizza.
A giraffe stands among rocks and fallen trees.
An entire giraffe.
A toy banana, facing up, with a human face.
right hand banana in bowl.
A girl on the ground with her head on the soccer ball.
Child in yellow shirt with head on soccer ball.
A man that is carrying a big bag of dog food.
A man holding a big bag of dog food.
zebra on front left of group of zebras, with head slightly bent over.
A zebra with it's head bent down toward the ground.
A zebra facing the right.
a metal spoon on a plate of food.
a silver spoon on a white bowl.
A covered glass bowl.
A bowl with food in it covered in plastic wrap.
This is the sheep on the right who is grazing.
the animals eating grass.
A black car next to a bike.
A black car is parked on the street.
A giraffe in the right corner of the photo.
A giraffe, turned away, with a baby giraffe standing next to it.
The carrot on the far right.
The fried piece of food on top and to the right of others.
man in aqua blue v necked long sleeved shirt with purple writing on it seated on couch and appearing to be clapping.
A man with a blue t-shirt looking at the other person.
A woman wearing glasses and a pink shirt.
A woman in a pink shirt.
A brown horse with a large white mark on it's face.
A horse standing between another horse and a building.
A giraffe, with its neck extended upwards, standing next to another giraffe.
the walking upright giraffe.
A person in a pink robe stands behind a dark haired sitting woman.
The person in white whose face is not shown.
A zebra standing behind the others.
Zebra standing parallel to fence wire with hairy black tail.
A barefoot woman with a canned beverage reclines on a couch.
A lady leaning in sofa with can in her hand in black shirt and blue jeans.
The table with no food on it.
A man in a suit.
Man in a grey suit looking at a presentation.
the back of a plaid shirt.
The back side of a white and blue striped shirt.
A colorful kite with black trim.
A colorful kite being flown on the ground.
A white horse on the left.
The white horse.
white couch in the left side of he image.
The white couch with the tan pillows on it.
A small white rocking chair.
the white rocking chair.
A green plane with dual propellers, flying in the sky next to a fighter jet.
A dark green airplane with propellers.
The woman on the laptop.
A blonde woman wearing a black leather jacket is sitting on a white bench while using her laptop computer.
the man in blue shorts.
A man in a red shirt and a white turban.
dad playing soccer with son.
a man was standing.
the black tray of bread in the right hand picture.
The black tray.
The green thing on the right that looks like a giant toothbrush.
The large toothbrush on the right that is part of the bike parking.
The red and white boat.
The white and red boat.
A clock face where the number 3 is visible.
A gold clock face reading 3:47.
The black cat in front of the mirror.
A black and white cat sitting on the floor looking in a mirror.
A teacup on a saucer.
a white cup with a spoon in it.
A baseball player wearing red standing at home plate, ready to swing.
Batter.
man in red shirt.
A man in a red shirt reaching for a microphone.
A man wearing a white shirt.
Man in a white shirt and jeans.
the chair being sat on by the man in a white shirt.
Black chair with no arms, with blonde man in white shirt sitting on it.
the laptop that is turned off,sitting to the right of the person wearing yellow and black.
The open laptop that is closest to the two children sitting with the woman.
The yellow construction vehicle.
the large yellow machine.
a blurred man in a grey shirt behind people playing wii.
A man playing Wii while supporting his head with his other hand.
a zebra looking down at the ground.
A zebra on the right side.
A man holding back a dog.
A police officer holding back a black and white dog.
outdoor chair by a picnic table.
The chair behind the table and right of the other.
Red-striped two-engine plane.
The Boeing with Half Red and blue colour with door open on the runway.
A woman in a green shirt cutting vegetables.
woman in green shirt cutting cucumbers.
A young bi-racial girl wearing a striped shirt and shorts stands on a wood floor.
A young girl in  an orange and red striped shirt with black shorts standing in a gymnasium.
Th portion of the sandwich that is on the plate.
This tofu looks very dry.
A red stop sign has spray paint on it that says 'war'.
A stop sign.
The zebra to the far right of the group.
zebra to the right of all other zebras.
A seated skater watching a second skater jump over him.
Person in white shirt sitting on platform.
A man with glasses sittting on a couch.
A man wearing spectacles holding a tea cup.
A walk sign.
the traffic signal that has a person on the bottom.
A blue and white jet plane passes another.
A blue and white display plane in front of another.
a catcher.
A catcher in a baseball game preparing to catch a baseball coming his way.
the orange table the donuts are on.
dining table with food.
All tennis balls except the one touching the line and the one on the far right.
The couch on the right wall.
The two cushion love seat with the backpack in front.
A cow looking through a fence beside a mostly brown cow.
man wearing all white by sheeps head.
A man holding a sheep and wearing a white shirt.
A man in a black tank top on a skateboard.
man in black shirt on skateboard.
A zebra eating out of a trough, between two yellow poles.
The zebra on the right.
A silver fork setting on a plate that is sitting on the table.
A fork on a plate.
An SUV just in front of a stop sign.
An SUV with visible license plates.
The couch with the green and blue pillows.
patterned throwpillow.
A small grey car.
A silver hatchback car is next to a red car and behind the man.
A man in dark clothes on skis.
a whit eguy skiing.
A motorcycle with blue lights.
Motorcycle with blue lights.
A counter top with a cake on it.
A marble counter top with a cake sitting on it.
The white car on the road.
white color car in the back side of the image.
large lantern floor light closest to desk.
A tall, textured white vase stands next to a painted black-and-white portrait of Audrey Hepburn.
an usher stands close behind the catcher at a baseball game.
A baseball umpire watching a pitch.
a big white teddy bear in a pink box.
White teddy bear with red scarf.
A pizza pie to the left of another pie.
A pizza sitting near a saltshaker.
A red Scania bus in front of several other buses.
A red bus that is driving out of the parking lot.
The side of the bus with a blue accent on it.
The man closest to the camera.
A person in a chef coat with black hair holding a container in his left hand.
Black bird sitting on top of a piece of wood looking off the screen.
The bird on the right is so dark it looks like a shadow.
A man with green jacket and grey pant with orange cap standing in snow.
A man with an orange cap standing in the snow.
giraffe laying on the ground.
A giraffe sitting on the dirt.
Someone who is breakdancing.
A man doing a handstand with his legs up in the air.
golden dog in back.
A smaller dog with eyes open.
A person in  a blue with red flower shirt.
lady with wii remote.
A man swinging a bat.
A baseball player in blue and grey.
A woman wearing glasses, a skirt, and boots.
A woman with glasses wearing a scarf around her neck.
A group of people in a canboe being rowed by a man in orange plaid shorts.
Blue kayak.
A boy in a blue ball cap.
A child with a baseball hat eating a slice of pizza next to a child in a hoodie.
A man sitting on a sofa with his arms crossed.
a man sitting on a sofa.
An extra large, adult-sized, hot pink bean bag.
A pink bean bag chair.
A girl in glasses and a ponytail.
A woman sitting on the beach.
A black and tan dog standing nearest to the shorter fence.
a brown and black large dog to the right of a smaller white and brown dog walking through leaves.
a train car with a white top.
Umbrella that girl in red gloves is holding.
a parasol of person on right.
The bottom half of a fruit bowl:  two limes and a banana, and an apple outside of the bowl.
tall bowl holding fruit.
person on left.
A man with curly blonde hair wearing a long sleeve shirt holding a drink.
brown bull with both horns visible.
There is a brown cow in the middle.
apples.
The apples in the white bucket.
A white cat in bathtub.
a predominantly light colored cat sitting in a bath tub.
A pink and green snowboard.
the pink and green bottomed snowboard.
green suitcase.
A green suitcase with two other luggage pieces stacked atop it.
the bleachers in the second photo.
A ZEBRA IS EATING GRASS IN FRONT OF ANOTHER ONE.
The zebra in front.
A white vase with flowers in it.
A FLOWER VASE WITH A PINK COLOR FLOWER.
table that nobody in the picture is using.
A person on a skateboard doing a mid-air trick.
skateboarder in the air.
Asian woman looking at the screen holding a Nintendo Wii remote.
A woman wearing black holding a white wii remote standing next to a man who is also holding a white wii remote.
A deck that a sailor is standing on top of.
top of the boat where two men are standing.
The pizza furthest from the woman with the glasses.
A meal on the pan is prepared on the bottom of the picture.
a man holding a fork and wearing a napkin.
A man is eating desert at the table.
A bus in which the word Prisoners is written.
A double decker red bus with a billboard for the movie P.
A ski laying on the snow.
A bronze bear statue laying it's head on a log.
statue of a bear leaning on a log.
A black ottoman in front of a beige couch.
the black couch that is under the white blanket.
The boy on the left all dressed in black facing away from the camera.
the skater farthest from the camera.
A bunch of scrape in a white Chevy truck.
The truck.
young, small giraffe in front of another.
The shortest giraffe.
person on left cut off.
the skiir standing up.
a light blue and dark blue star shaped kite.
blue and dark blue flying star shaped object.
The hot dog nearest to the camera.
sandwich in the front side of the camera.
a group of apricots with some apples and bananas on a table.
The spoon next to the pizza.
A metal spoon on a plate on a table.
The woman in the pink shirt.
A woman in pink sitting at a table.
The baby elephant is in between two other elephants.
The baby elephant.
Sofa closest to window.
A cream-colored couch with five pillows against a window.
The container with cauliflower.
Carrots and cauliflower.
head of the giraffe in back.
The bench down the road from the trash can.
Bench on the left side of the gravel path.
A parking meter wet with rain, standing to the left of its fellow meter.
A parking meter on the left of the other parking meter.
A white table cloth in front of a man.
A white table with a plate of food on it.
A woman in a suit that isn't pinstriped.
a woman in a black suit with a pink shirt is filling out papers.
Bottom of gray pillow.
A blue blanket under cat beds.
A black cat.
Black dog standing in front of mirror.
A man sitting at a table with women on both sides of him.
A man who is sitting along with the girls.
Woman with short hair and black shirt.
The partially obscured person in black.
the women is wearing blazer.
Window on a train with a man standing outside.
Two dark wooden chairs.
the zebra in front.
The zebra without a boner.
A shirtless young man lays in bed and uses his laptop.
shirtless man with his hand next to his mouth.
A white cake with blue, green, and yellow poke-a-dots on it next to three other decorated cakes on a platter.
The cake with the yellow circles.
The bike of the police man on the right side talking to the policeman on the left side.
Skateboard with red paint on the griptape.
The skateboard stepped on by the red shoe,.
the bodies of two zebras.
2 zebras.
A potted plant.
The blue umbrella that is set in between the two chairs that are in the foreground.
blue color umbrella in the image.
A young woman on an outside lawn chair next to a man on a laptop computer.
A woman wearing a black tank top sitting in a blue folding chair holding a can.
Motorcycle in the foreground.
Motorcycle in front of tent with girl standing next to it and helmet hanging on it.
Batter sliding into a base wearing a white jersey and blue batting helmet.
A baseball player with blue color helmet and white t-shirt.
A group of people giving pose for photo.
A group of people sitting around a table.
zebra on left.
zebra closest to brown fence pole.
A little girl in pink dress with blonde hair.
A little girl in a pink dress.
A zebra stands in front of two others, looking at the camera.
zebra closest to the camera, in the middle.
An orange chair that is in front of a tree.
a leather chair in the corner in front of the tree.
A skater skating in red Nike hoodie in between to two more skaters on a small road in snowy area next to them.
Kid in the red hoodie.
A player wearing a glove.
catcher in back.
Young lady in plaid shirt using cell phone.
A girl looking at her cell phone.
An old man in a top hat.
A man.
The giraffe on the left side of the picture.
A giraffe with only a portion of its head visible.
boy with black shirt.
the boy behind the children with the umbrella.
the biggest pink bowl full of cucumbers and other stuff.
Two men touching the horses.
2 people in front of horses.
The chair sitting beside the lamp.
A plaided chair with a white object on the back of it.
The red flowers outside the window are in full bloom.
plant on the right side behind the window.
A man from the chest down wearing a white shirt and dark pants.
A man wearing black pants and a white short in the distance, with no face visible.
A zebra with its tail in the air.
a zebra on the left playing with another zebra.
A SLEEVELESS T SHIRT WEARING MAN IN THE TRAIN ALONG WITH A LOT OF CYCLES.
red headed male wearing sleeveless brown shirt.
A pitcher on the mound about to throw a ball.
A baseball player in white throwing a ball.
man in black top hat to  left.
The guy with his tumb up.
the boy just before the girl.
Pot boiling water with green bell peppers in man's kitchen.
A pan with food cooking on the gas.
A POT OF SOME FOOD WITH SPOON.
The spoon in a vessel.
A back of a white pickup truck in traffic.
A Ford pickup truck in traffic.
A man holding a sandwich near a table.
Black color over coat of the man who is having food.
a zebra on the left with another zebra.
A zebra to the left of another zebra.
A man playing baseball.
batter in striped uniform.
The chair the trumpet player with blonde hair is sitting on.
The meat on the sandwich.
a piece fo bread with topping on it.
A woman wearing a tiara.
woman with white dress and crown.
the bed on the right.
TWIN BED ON THE RIGHT.
Half of a delicious sandwich sitting on top of the other half.
Half a sandwich on top of the other half.
A white man in a plaid dress shirt.
A man in a plaid shirt.
woman wearing a white shirt eating pizza.
A woma wearing a white dress with short brown hair holding a slice of pizza with her right hand and a plate and napkin with her left hand.
The woman is holding the wine glass.
women with wine glass.
A giraffe that is walking away.
A giraffe walking away from the other giraffe.
An infant in white clothing laying on it's back next to an adult.
A baby in the bed.
The smaller giraffe eats while in the shade.
A smaller giraffe standing to the left of a larger giraffe.
A white horse to the left of a brown and white horse.
The 3rd horse from the left.
the second plane in the row from the front.
second white plane in group.
A cow walking on the ground.
a brown and white cow with a yellow ear tag is looking at the camera.
A fork sitting near a spoon.
Large silver fork laying down.
A man wearing a black shirt and jeans skateboarding.
a man in black on a skateboard.
A YOUNG CHILD IN A BLUE TOP SITTING AT A TABLE WAITING.
A KID SIT IN A TABLE FOR FOOD.
Partial giraffe head in foreground.
a young giraffe's ears, as it stands with its mother.
A women wearing gray t-shirt.
The woman talking to the girl.
keyboard on desk.
a gray and white keyboard in front of a large monitor.
the backwards 2 candle.
The #2 candle.
A sleeping cat.
A brown and white cat sleeping on a reflective surface.
the bike in which "hp" is written.
black and blue motorcylce.
a man wearing a black shirt.
man in black t shirt and jeans seated o floor with back to camera talking on phone.
An older man with a black jacket and cap on standing on a baseball feild behind the two players.
A umpire with blue jacket and cap is watching girl running.
A male wearing a skull-image shirt is holding a video game controller.
A man with glasses, wearing a shirt with a skull on it playing Nintendo Wii.
white table cloth on table behind vase.
Woman with umbrella.
The women wearing white and black holding an umbrella.
Man in white shirt and black pants.
Man in white shirt standing with his legs spread looking down.
Woman in Black shirt sitting at a table.
A female wearing a black shirt sits in the background of a plate of dessert.
A bald man holding a container of food.
A balding man with glasses, holding food.
A bottle of wine being opened by a man in a red jacket vest.
A bottle of beer held by the man.
The back of the park bench on the left.
A wooden bench.
The pizza in the top right.
The pizza in the back and on the right that has red pizza sauce on it.
a giraffe stands by a tree.
Giraffe standing closest to zebra.
young man wearing shirt and tie.
A boy in a peach shirt.
A man in red shorts water skiing.
A father holding his daughter while jet skiing.
The back of a silver car parked behind some bikes.
the silver car on the left in the right hand picture.
bench on the right.
Part of a bench to the right of a full wooden bench.
A man in a red outfit is jumping to catch a frisbee.
a man jumping for a frisbee.
An elephant in front of another elephant.
an elephant in front of another elephant behind a tree.
OLD MAN.
An Asian man sitting on a bench.
A closed umbrella with a brown handle.
A black umbrella holding by the arm of a man.
The back end of the blue and white truck.
Blue and white ambulance.
A 'male' teddy bear, looking at a 'female' teddy bear holding a coffee cup.
A pink stuffed bear looking at a cup next to a pink bear with a bow.
The smaller of the two teddybears.
A small stuffed bear in front of a larger one.
A horse jumping with a cowboy on its back.
The jumping horse at the middle of the field.
a drunk bear laying down.
teddy bear closest to the camera.
The little girl in the gray and blue shirt holding the silver cellphone.
A young child with blond hair holding a cell phone.
Grey pants and white knee pads.
SKATING  MAN.
The top of a person's head, including forehead and hair.
woman head shown from the forehead up.
white horse.
A white horse behind a gate.
the muffin to the right of the front muffin.
A table under a jar of flowers.
A table with a vase and plate on it.
A hand holding a sandwich.
The hand holding the food.
A blond woman playing tennis up at the net.
A woman wearing a gray sweatshirt's upper body.
black bir with a white beak.
black and white color eagle.
A wooden spoon sitting on a table next to almonds and a dessert.
A wooden kitchen spoon.
A boy in a light colored tee shirt standing next to two other boys and looking off into the distance.
A young male standing with a skateboard and a grey shirt.
man with a grey shirt.
A guy in blue shirt sitting on a chair.
front of a truck in a black and white image.
The truck with the license plate that reads NLJ182.
Keyboard from laptop with a lot of blue in its screen.
laptop keyboard on right side.
Guy standing to the left of the bike with gray shirt and jeans.
a yellow seat on a green metal motorbike.
The man sitting on the motor bike.
man with shorts sitting on a motorcycle.
Elephant in rear of procession.
An African elephant walking behind the group of elephants.
a woman with a grey jacket over her shoulder.
woman with a white shirt holding a fork.
A red carry-on suitcase with a drawing of an animal on it.
A piece of red luggage.
A teddy bear wearing a black dress.
A child is on a skateboard.
the child on the skating board with white shirt.
Chair under bar to left of other chair.
a black colur chair.
A small silver computer among 3 other larger computers.
A small laptop among larger ones.
the giraffe in back.
The man holding a colorful umbrella.
A man in a brown coat, holding an umbrella.
A cage with three dogs, on top of two other cages and below one.
A box that has three puppies in it.
A blue chair with dots on it.
brown polka dotted chair.
red skis on snow.
A blue color bike in the center.
Blue motorcycle lined up next to an old white and green motorcycle and a bike show.
A wooden bench with a cat sitting on it.
A wooden bench with a cat sitting on it.
Children's book or a picture featuring a large pig and several baby pigs.
A pink pig cartoon.
a white stove with a pan and pot on it.
the white top of a stove.
Broccoli on a plate in front of meat and fries.
Broccoli on a plate.
the chair partially in the frame on the right.
A kitchen chair with scrolled wood work and a blue bag.
Someone dressed like Alex from A Clockwork Orange.
a man is having beer.
The man opening the oven door.
The guy in the black hoodie.
tv on shelf not on.
tv not turned on far right.
The table on which the man with the checkered shirt is working on.
a bright white teddy bear.
a white teddy bear laying next to a  live cat.
A creature in flight with wings spread straight and slightly upward.
coffee mug above plate.
A white cup next to a plate of french fries and a sandwich.
The laptop turned on on the left side of the room.
laptop with corded mouse.
skater bending over.
A boy performing a skateboard trick.
the boy on the skateboard.
the white bowl with a red rim and liquid in it.
A white bowl on the right with a red stripe that contains liquid in it.
zebra on right side.
A young zebra to the right of another zebra.
The largest piece of broccoli.
overturned broccoli in front of picture.
A red train is in a station.
A red train.
A red and white spotted horse grazing.
A brown and white spotted horse grazing.
Red plane flying lower than plane next to it.
a girl in a multi colored hat.
Girl in pink, white, yellow striped stocking hat.
the toilet seat the cat is standing on.
A wooden toiler seat cover.
A white four door vehicle in traffic.
Silver SUV behind pick up truck.
The pink bicycle in front of the orange train.
Pink bike behind the red one.
A rose colored couch.
Red loveseat with 3 large pillows.
the sofa with the white pillow on it.
a striped sofa with a screenprint pillow.
A green motorcycle sits next to a group of bikes on the side of a road.
a chair with four legs at the left of the countertop.
The rest of a pizza that hasn't been placed on a plate and is on a metal pizza pan.
the whole pizza that is not the slice.
awoman with an I love the rain umbrella.
umbrella  i love rain.
ornage in the bowl to the right.
The orange that is sitting at the right side of the bowl.
A hotdog placed adjacent to a salad.
The hotdog on the right.
little league baseball player.
The batter.
Home decor in a brass vase with stick and curly willow.
the plant on top of the piano.
A CUP OF CASHEW.
cup beside clear vase.
A toilet with a wooden toilet seat.
A toilet bowl with a wooden seat.
A island with a blender on it.
Counter in center of room.
the back of a chair at a table.
A chair in front of a table facing the wall.
Four pillows on the couch.
Striped throw pillows on a couch next to a decorated Christmas tree.
The stuffed bear with a smile on its face rather than a frown.
heart bear on right.
Utility truck with cones near it.
The back of a large, white truck.
A hiker in a huge snow blizzard.
A person standing in the snow preparing to ski.
part of couch holding teddy bear and white thing.
Red couch with a brown and white bunny and a colorful pillow on it.
The frozen pizza on the right.
The pizza with green peppers on it.
A man with a blue jacket with a white stipe and  grey pants standing on a baseball field.
A man in a blue jacket.
Chair in the shaded area.
The middle bicycle in a group of three.
the middle bicycle.
The brown cow who is in the lead.
The cow is leading the other two cows.
teddy bear upside down.
The zebra to the left grazing on the grass.
A zebra facing the camera eating grass.
MONITOR IN AIRPORT WITH RECENT ARRIVALS.
The airport monitor.
man in the front side of the image with blue shirt and black jacket.
a old man with white hair playing wii.
A picture of a black bike seat and a bike handle bare being touched by a woman's hands.
a bicycle being pushed by a woman.
guy half in shot.
A young man in the corner of the photo with a group of friends at a basketball court.
A man standing under the umberlla.
a man standing behind the pole of the umbrella.
The motor scooter that is in the middle of the other scooters and behind the man with the cane that is sticking straight out.
The girl with long light hair.
A young girl with a green plaid jacket wearing snow googles.
A baby zebra getting help from his mother to help him stand up just moments after he was born.
A baby zeebra struggling to walk.
taining table have lot of plates.
An Asian woman wearing blue with a toddler both holding up their fingers.
A woman wearing glasses and a teal dress posing for the camera.
Car sitting on the door.
light colored cat who is inside the house in front of pink door.
section of wooden bench behind the rear bike tire and water bottle.
A wooden bench with slats.
a pizza slice with 5 shellfish on it.
A boy wearing a yarmulke and blue clothes playing a video game.
A boy wearing a blue shirt and blue shorts.
A sheep laying in front of another sheep.
An upside down knife cuts into an apple below a downward-facing knife.
the white horse in the right hand picture.
Lighter colored horse.
plane on left.
The plane has the number 6 on it.
A butter knife laying across a white napkin.
A butter knife lying on a white napkin.
the giraffe is eating food.
a tall giraffe.
bottle of wine below the sushi tray.
Bottle of liquid in front of sushi.
An advertisement for Samsung camera with a blue background.
A monitor displaying ads above a walkway.
The giraffe to the left of another giraffe.
Giraffe whose head is higher than the other.
A yellow truck travels down a paved road.
a yellow truck in traffic.
Man wearing a black wet suit why surfing on a wave.
A man surfing in a black body suit.
A car with the trunk open.
Car whose back was opened.
A blue delivery van, on the road next to a bus.
A blue van with spray paint on it.
red pillow on gray couch.
Tan loveseat with red pillows and wooden legs.
The boy wearing white t shirt and a helmet on the right most.
the kid in the white shirt with the helmet on.
A woman pouring a glass of wine.
person pouring wine.
A man with curly hair and a white shirt hitting a tennis ball with a racket on a professional looking court.
A tennis player serving.
The phone cover that is black, white, and red checkers.
A red black and white cell phone case.
The giraffe in front.
The giraffe in front.
A wine bottle being poured.
lady pouring wine.
a man is run.
Man in white shirt and blue jeans with an orange and white hat on running on a field.
A woman with short red hair wearing a gray shirt.
the white lady with golden color hair  wearing frock is eating banana is present in the image.
Bicycle with blue color handle kept behind the lady wearing a pink color ribbon on her head.
a blue ten speed bike.
There is giraffe looking up.
The woman with the shorter and lighter colored hair.
A woman with short brown hair.
A woman dressed in white, wearing a visor, and swinging a tennis racket.
A woman in white playing tennis.
A green fork lift transporting two concrete barriers.
A forklift with its forks up off of the ground..
A chair with the front facing the window.
The chair facing the window.
A baseball player swinging a bat.
The man who is batting.
giraffe.
a giraffe standing up tall.
a young girl in a yellow tank top and blue jeans with red and white painted nails.
A girl wearing a yellow tank top and blue jeans.
A man wearing sunglasses in a grey tee shirt.
A bearded man wearing glasses, a gray shirt, black pants, and black shoes is standing next to his friends.
A half opened laptop with a silver back.
A laptop computer with a silvery case partially opened.
A long table with two cakes on it.
long table with bench with cake and utensils being used for a kids' party.
An open refrigerator filled with food.
This is a very full and open fridge.
A blonde woman in a blue shirt and white shorts talking on her cell phone.
A blonde headed girl wearing a blue shirt and white shorts, talking on the phone.
a scating board.
A long, white surfboard sitting on the beach with a red chair attached at the middle.
a shiny gray pickup truck parked in the showroom.
grey king cab pick up truck.
A man sitting on his motorcycle with motorcycle clothing on.
Man wearing a motorcycle outfit and sitting on a motorcycle.
Skater on halfpipe.
the skateboarder doing a trick.
The table top of the girl not touching a mug.
Left side wooden table.
A red handle for a pair of shears on a table.
scissors with red handle.
orange recliner in a living room.
A brown chair next to a couch.
A base ball player ready to throw the ball to the batsmen.
A baseball player  in a white uniform preparing to throw the ball.
The sandwich focused with a fry in front of it.
the front sandwich in the right hand picture.
A girl with a brown pony tail and green marks on her cheek.
A woman in a grey shirt holding a bat.
The stool is pushed under the table.
A black bar stool to the right of another stool.
Orange umbrella on the upper left hand side of the picture.
A Left side orange color Umbrella.
A man smoking a cigarette and wearing glasses.
a man wearing a white shirt and cap about to catch a red frisbee.
the portion of fence to the left of the girl.
the fence to the left behind the woman.
A semi truck with artwork to the right of a photographer.
A truck covered in images from the Rocky movie featuring Sylvester Stallone.
The middle bear to the right and behind the other two bears.
the head of the middle bear.
The white boat with a white flat roof in the background.
A woman wearing a pink shirt leaning forward on a bed while another woman puts her hands on her shoulders.
A woman wearing a pink shirt.
A zebra that is looking at the other zebra.
Zebra furthest away from the giraffe.
A red car parked near a bus car and motorcycle.
red car between 2 cars.
A plant adds to the decor of this comfortable looking family gathering.
The tall round tree in the center.
The slice of orange that is touching the bottom right corner of its container.
The orange slice closest to the camera.
Blue bag on a luggage cart with the girl in a gray jacket sitting on it.
a black bag.
Sauteed broccoli and mushrooms on a bed of white rice.
A piece of broccoli at the top of a serving of stir-fry.
The chair that is to the right of the table with flowers on top of it.
Chair with high back sitting next to a large table with flowers in the center of it.
The front half of a black and yellow motorcycle parked on the side of the road.
The bike that is standing behind the car.
A lady in a blue dress on the left side of the picture.
Woman holding a bowl of pasta while smiling.
A yellow bus.
A yellow colored double decar bus with number 025.
The broccoli on the extreme left of the pan.
The broccoli to the far left in the pan.
man in red shirt.
A male wearing an orange jumper holding a wii remote.
brown chair with no one sitting in it.
empty chair by the sleeping girl.
chair under the lady wearing red.
cream colored chair woman in red is in.
area seen inside the frame of the bike, just over cat.
A tallest giraffe which is standing back of the other one.
The taller of two giraffes.
a grey car.
A gray car on the road.
Two men sitting on a bike with a helmet.
A man on a motorcycle wearing a helmet and a leather jacket.
The pastry with a blue candle on it.
The cheesecake furthest from the camera, that has a blueberry and two blackberries on the top of it.
a black couch with a round white table in front of it.
the pizza with vegetables over the top of it, on the right of the pizzas.
The giraffe on the right side of the picture that looks like it is grazing from the trees.
The giraffe on the right.
A clear glass vase containing two flowers.
Large vase with flowers.
Blurry arm of a person near a grill.
A blurred object of a pinkish color.
woman in middle on bed.
woman in middle on bed.
A train numbered 332010.
A bullet train with a Japanese Sun on the side.
Black dog on the stairs.
The black dog.
the first biker  from the front.
A woman in white sports dress throwing disc.
A girl with dark hair in a pony tail and white clothes trying to not get hit by a frisbee.
a woman wearing a red sweater.
A woman sitting at a table looking at her dessert and drink.
A guy drinking from a blue cup.
A man wearing a red shirt and holding a blue cup sitting at the edge of a bed.
Young girl in red snow pants walking in the snow.
a child in a full snow suit pulling a sled.
the zebra on the left.
The entire side view of a zebra.
the bigger animal.
The screen in the left computer monitor.
The left monitor of a computer.
a woman in all black pointing upward.
A woman in a hat laughing and pointing.
A smiling woman wearing a black dress with a plaid bow on it. She is wearing ear rings and a watch.
a woman wearing black dress.
Child sitting near woman.
A toddler in bed with his mother.
A woman wearing a surf outfit holding a surfboard.
the young boy holding his surfboard.
A partially obscured white aircraft.
plane behind the first plane on the left side.
A woman looking at a phone.
A woman on her phone at a diner table.
A man in a hat and coat holding the reins to a cow.
Man at far left holding the reins of a cow.
woman on left.
A woman with white hair.
There is a girl standing behind another girl on the right side of the picture.
white girl in blue uniform.
A large red and black luggage.
The tall red and black suitcase.
a woman in a black hat and coat.
Woman in the long coat and black hat.
A black man with an orange tie and a pinstriped suit.
man in the striped suit and yellow tie.
a silver fork on the plate.
A fork on a plate.
A man with brown hair in a checkered hoodie.
The man sitting in the bus seat to the right of the plate.
A fighter jet in the middle.
2 air force jets in between the outer jets.
drawings of saints in a sketch book.
White paper wrapped around a book with line drawing.
A whole sheesh pizza.
Whole pizza on the right.
zebra smelling butt.
A zebra standing behind another zebra.
A woman smiling at a camera with her 2 kids.
A woman smiling at the camera.
The smiling girl.
blond bride wearing wedding dress.
A smiling bride stands in front of her happy groom.
a woman and a child is watching elephants in the field.
A woman behind a little boy.
A baby giraffe standing next to two giraffes.
A short giraffe behind two taller giraffes.
The train on the left side of the image, that is red and white.
A train that is coming behind the red and blue colored train.
A white pony horse standing in front of another pony horse.
A young horse with his mother in the fields.
A boat with a person in it.
The boat on the right with the person in it.
A scuffed surfboard pointed downwards with a star logo and dark tail end.
A white surf board carried by a boy in front of another surfer.
The white station wagon to the left of the lady.
The big white bowl in fron tof the man that is sitting on a metal tray with a fire underneath.
Large dish sitting atop a stand.
A man with brown hair and in a black shirt.
The person in a black shirt.
The black object behind the manin blue jeans, brown belt and white shirt.
man with black jacket in the right bottom corner of the image.
The elephant on the left.
Elephant whose trunk is hidden behind other elephant.
school girl in uniform with backpack standing close to pillar.
The small girl standing nearest the wall.
A woman wearing a yellow shirt plays Wii.
A woman with a green leaf designed t-shirt, playing video games.
The man wearing the glasses.
Two men, one in a blue shirt the other a black shirt, smiling as they eat.
a silver antique plane on exhibit.
The airplane with 604 printed on its side.
a little boy in a blue shirt and brown pants is playing on the bed with his sister.
A toddler wearing a blue shirt in bed.
A brown chair with a Nintendo Wii system sitting on it.
wooden chair with a wii and game in the seat.
woman holding game controllers in front of television.
The girl with long curly hair, black shirt and black pants.
A woman in grey shirt and white hat standing using her phone.
A person in grey shirt and blue jean capris.
Birds flying over the ocean.
The small child.
small boy.
A polar bear which is facing the camera.
A polar bear under another one.
half glass of wine closest to camera.
Glass of wine in front of salad, next to plastic container with lid.
piece of broccoli on the right.
A man, with a small boy in his lap, is playing Guitar Hero.
A man in a green shirt holding a boy.
The side of a motorcycle showing a mirror, and a man's leg and foot on the pedal.
The tank of a toilet.
The back of a white toilet.
latke hidding under anothe rone.
A MAN WITH A GRAY HAT AND WHITE SHIRT USING THE PHONE.
The man with the grey hat.
A black and white lined umbrella.
white and black umbrella.
A child who is holding food to her mouth.
A little girl eating pizza who is wearing many beaded necklaces.
The very back boat,  on the left,  almost completely obscured.
a black book bag being carried by a man in a red shirt.
Black backpack worn by the man in red.
the slightly smaller portion of a sandwich, with a darker crust.
the left half of the sandwhich.
The man on the right wearing a suit and no tie.
A man riding the subway with his hands clasped in front of him with a black briefcase.
The man in the light blue shirt reaching for the frisbee held by the other man.
A young man in a light blue t-shirt playing frisbee with a man in a dark blue t-shirt.
A person wearing black jeans and blue and white shoes.
Blue shoes and black pants.
pizza on the plate.
pizza with only cheese.
an older man in a gray shirt holding a game controller.
A man plays wii.
a small eliphant walking.
A baby elephant.
Meat sandwich.
A overflowing sandwich.
A brown tablecloth with black square lines on it.
An orange slice sitting on a dessert plate.
the last orange ring from the top.
a piece of radish on top of a pile of broccoli.
Broccoli with slice of radish on top.
A bike on a lift being worked on by a man in a white shirt.
A black bicycle is up on a stand while being repaired.
batter on left.
The baseball player holding up a baseball bat, he is wearing a jersey with the number 21 on it.
Blue car with license plate SRA245 driving along side the horse and carriage.
a blue car with the lights on.
Man wearing glasses playing a musical instrument.
Man in picture holding something long.
A man wearing a vest.
man.
The person with a black sock hat.
man in black hat staring at book.
The bus to the far right.
The empty chair directly in front of the cake near the woman standing in the green dress.
a long green rusted boat in the water.
a green boat and a white dog.
chair furthest from tv.
chair furthest from tv.
A white male with a white and black stripped shirt playing wii by a woman.
MAN IN STRIPED SHIRT.
woman serving breakfast.
The woman is dishing out food.
The green cart behind the white and blue van.
A green three wheeled vehicle.
A girl wearing a white shirt.
A woman in white t shirt smilingly looking at a man with military T shirt showing something in mobile phone to her.
A tennis player in a black short hitting a tennis ball.
An older man in dark shorts and a white t-shirt swings at a tennis ball.
The zebra that is in the middle of the giraffe and zebra.
A white zebra is drinking next to a giraffe.
A giraffe next to zebra in a zoo.
A giraffe next to a zebra.
A small giraffe among the three giraffe.
Small giraffe in between 2 others.
A chair with a brown back and white seat to the right of another chair.
A man wearing jeans laying on a sofa looking at a laptop.
A man in a black Tshirt & jeans laying on the couch on the womans right side.
A woman wearing bananas on her head.
A young, caucasian woman wearing a bunch of bananas on her head.
A red couch with two seats.
Three red chairs.
train on left.
The caboose on the left tracks.
A deep fried ring that is laying on top of two other rings.
Pastry farthest to the right on the plate.
Baby sheep with other sheep.
The goat on the left.
stuffed monkey.
A stuffed monkey.
A toilet with a wooden seat.
white and brown uropian closet.
A teddy bear with a thing on its chest that says, I love you this much.
The bear on the circular stand.
A brown cat sitting on a window pane.
cat on left side.
Two brown horses pulling a carriage.
A pair of horses.
Kitchen worker with white apron and gray head scarf.
The baker with black shirt on the right side.
A blue and yellow bird that is putting its beak on another bird and is to the right of the others.
Blue bird, with a yellow chest and green top of head, biting another bird.
lady standing to back side in the image.
A woman holding a kite with a boy who has sunglasses.
Tallest plant.
a tall potted evergreen tree to the right of the man in the striped shirt.
An umbrella with images of a newspaper and the logo The Onion on it.
a green umbrella.
The bird to the left.
THE BIRD ON THE LEFT.
A big elephant in front of a smaller one.
Elephant that is in front of another elephant, looking forward and walking.
a baseball player in a white uniform carrying a blue bag a two bats.
A Detroit Tigers baseball player holding two bats and a duffel bag.
zebra which is in the middle of other zebras.
A man in a white shirt and blue jeans watching television.
A man wearing white t-shirt.
A blue and grey backpack.
A small blue back pack.
Long haired biker with black pants and black helmet.
a woman wearing black sitting on a motorcycle.
man in blue closest to the ball.
the man in blue kicking the soccer ball.
A sandwich with a wooden pick in it.
Large sandwich with tomatos, lettuce and onions on a roll with a toothpick sticking out of the top.
A white plate holding a sliced baguette, cheese, and a grater.
White plate that contains bread, cheese and cheese grater.
Green plant next to the middle row of tables.
The potted plant on the right.
The chair to the bottom right of the table.
The first chair on the right with the red pillow.
Peeled nectarines sitting inside a green plastic container.
A green cup with oranges in it.
A man in a blue shirt.
Man in blue shirt sitting on motorcycle.
man with beard purple shirt dark suit holding purple umbrella.
A bearded man wearing a purple shirt underneath a jacket.
A man in dark clothing watching a tennis game.
An old man in a blue polo shirt watching tennis.
A man in a suit, with a black bow-tie, wearing a mask, holding a blue cup.
Man in tuxedo wearing a masquerade mask and holding a drink.
bird on left in photo.
A bird that is off the ground.
A side order next to sandwiches and a pickle.
A cup of coleslaw on a white plate.
A boy with black t-shirt holding a remote and smilling.
Fully visible man in a black t-shirt and holding a Wii controller.
a wooden bench in the middle on the right.
The chair the cat in the left is sitting on.
Top of a bun that is in a hand.
a blurry person on a motorcycle.
a blurry man wearing a helmet.
child in blue jacket.
a person wearing a blue jacket and a colorful umbrella.
A women in blue with an umbrella.
A woman in a dark blue jacket and backpack holding a black umbrella looking to the left.
A man with glasses and a red shirt with a bowling pin on it holding a beer.
a man was standing.
A clear bowl with salad in it.
the big glass bowl of food on the left.
A green crane with 3 wheels.
A man with long sideburns and a striped shirt sits on a brown chair.
A man in jeans and a brown and orange striped sweater sitting at a table.
a horse standing in between to other horses.
A small black horse standing next to a small white horse.
The roof of a train.
white train.
Person sitting by bananas with only their legs showing.
A person behind a stack of bananas.
key bord on the table.
Big long keyboard in front of two laptops.
A better at home plate swinging at a pitch.
A baseball player swinging a bat.
red and silver train.
The train that you can see in the picture that is not blurry.
SMALL ELEPHANT IN STANDING POSITION.
An small elephant standing in front of his mother.
Man in the left riding brown horse and wearing blue.
A person riding a brown horse.
broken image_url.
An open laptop currently running some sort of program.
A clear glass bowl containing shredded meat.
Glass bowl with brown meat.
The giraffe closest to us in the picture.
Two giraffe eating grass in a forest.
red train behind another red train.
the last horse in the line of horses walking on the beach.
The leftmost horse.
A white laptop next to a white mouse.
A silver grey laptop computer turned on and sitting near another dark grey computer on a table.
A white boat with people sitting in it.
The boat with people in it.
The blonde woman.
A woman in a flowered dress holding hands with a man.
Blurry catcher with black cap crouching to receive ball.
A baseball player in a grey uniform, behind the pitcher, squatting down to prepare to catch a ball.
young girl is sleeping on the sobha with open eyes.
A girl laying on a tan couch.
orange, white, and blue food truck.
A red, white, and blue truck parked behind a food vending truck.
A boy on a bike.
A child in a plaid shirt and blue jeans, peddling a bike.
A man next to a taller man.
A man wearing a hankercheif and dark jeans.
A sub sandwich covered in course yellow cheese near another sub covered in fine white cheese.
A hot dog with toppings, in front of two cans of soda.
Lady with pink saree having hand bag purchasing bananas.
A woman with a gold watch reaching into her purse.
Book titled A Place to Stand.
A book titled: A Place to Stand.
the person in yellow and black.
Background containing someone's yellow skirt and part of a woman's arm.
A tall blue vase.
A blue vase with a plant.
A young elephant nudges its head into that of a slightly taller one.
Small baby elephant standing in the dirt.
An elephant holding something with its trunk.
An elephant holding a metal bar in its trunk.
The small vehicle to the right of the green truck.
the small grey car next to the green truck.
a fat man in grey pants.
Man wearing camera around neck.
the bottom lemon slice overlapping the carrots.
Bottom lemon slice.
A bird is not eating with other birds.
GREEN COLOR PARROT IN STANDING POSITION.
Kid in blue shirt.
a boy in a blue shirt.
The woman is wearing a black shirt.
A woman with a young boy.
the hand holding the banana.
A hand feeding a child.
A woman wearing a white shirt and blue shorts with red stripes running on the beach with a black dog.
A woman wearing a white shirt and shorts running on the beach.
The light streak.
LIGHT STREAKS ON LEFT.
A blue and white truck trailer is being towed by a red truck.
A blue and white semi.
A tan teddy bear with an orange shirt on.
A teddybear wearing an orange shirt.
The man watching the little girl eating.
A MAN WATCHING HIS DAUGHTER TO EAT FOOD.
The part of the bed that is behind the boy playing a video game.
A white cover is on top of the unmade bed.
cat see its image in mirror.
Entire cat.
blurry bald head of person next to the woman.
There is a dirty closet on the floor.
A hole in the floor.
A short balding man on a tennis court holding a tennis racket to his chest.
A man standing to the far right of a group of men.
A Porcelain vase sitting in a bowl.
a vase inside a sink.
A train on the rails near a signal man.
A train car numbered 408 sitting idle on train tracks at a rail yard.
the cup on the right in the right hand picture.
A glass of wine that we can only see a little bit off on the side of the picture.
A catcher in a baseball game wearing a black shirt and black helmet, just after catching a ball.
The cather with his glove out right infront of the umpire.
Back side portion of two horses.
the horse that is numbered 6.
Woman in pink jacket holding a bow and arrow.
a young woman in a pink jacket practicing archery.
black and white hair dog.
furry dog.
An airplane on the right coming out the water.
A plane sitting on the beach, partially in the water.
The smaller knife whose handle is visible.
Small knife.
The elephant standing.
A small elephant standing in the dirt.
young boy standing and talking with a lady.
a young main in a striped shirt.
empty plate with chocolate stain.
The table the boy and man are sitting at.
A glazed donut at the back.
glazed donut in the furthest back.
A silver jar between a juicer and a similar silver jar.
Glass cylinder closest to the juicing machine.
A TV remote sits between two other TV reomotes on a table.
Silver remote in the middle of the three.
A palm tree plant behind an office chair.
A tall green plant by the wall.
A young child eating a donut.
Boy eating the donut.
The man holding a pot.
The man holding the vase.
An older man helping to cut a cake.
the man on the far right of the photo.
Cookie heart with red icing around the edge.
giraffe facing the camera.
a giraffe left of all the other giraffes.
the skier on the left in the right hand picture.
A skier in light pink pants.
woman holding wii controller wearing a black t shirt with red writing on it.
A woman in a black shirt and jeans holding controllers for the Nintendo wii.
A man in a red shirt and glasses holding a Wii controller.
man wearing red shirt and glasses.
Neck of a giraffe kissing a man in e black t-shirt and a lady is watching them.
Giraffe's neck.
a snowboard racer wearing the number 60.
A snowboarder who seems to be in the lead, in the middle of a race. He is wearing the blue jersey with the number 60.
A light-colored car in the background behind a chain-link fence.
silver car in parking lot.
child with yellow jacket.
Skier with a yellow coat.
The second yellow, green, and red awning to the right, under which are oranges.
Place mat under the food.
A table mat where plate of snacks are placed.
the AA tail parked in the shade.
The tail end of the airplane on the far left.
Zebra in the front of a picture.
3 ZEBRA  EATING THE GRASS.
A zebra behind another zebra not looking at the camera.
A man wearing a black coat and a camouflage cap.
A man in a black jacket holding a blue object in his left hand.
The man coloring the map.
A man sitting on the floor.
girl in orange sweater wearing black glasses.
The full-faced woman in red leaning over with black eyeglasses.
A white couch with a brown throw pillow is facing the fireplace.
A light colored sofa with dark wooden legs.
A boy sitting on the left side of a child-sized sofa.
the childon the left.
A big fire truck with a chrome grill.
Large yellow truck with5-15-4 under its front light.
The sink is whit and has a wide basin.
a drinking glass with a knife resting on it.
clear glass with knife on it.
A Spanish man riding a horse dressed in cow boy gear.
A woman in purple listening to a conversation at the dinner table.
woman in blue shirt.
A smal white row boat on the grass.
The small white boat.
a children teech.
the little girl wearing a pink outfit.
Bird eating bread on the ground while two birds look at the bread falling on the ground.
pigeon with its head hidden.
A man in white looks at the fridge.
a man and a woman staring into a fridge.
yellow motorcycle.
A yellow motorcycle.
A green table with a red tablecloth on it.
skillet with plates and pancakes.
The largest zebra butt.
This is the butt of the zebra closest to the camera.
A yellow color car behind the bike.
An expensive yellow car can be seen behind the motorcycle.
Travel trailer with a man standing nearby.
a metal trailer house.
a white sheep between two others.
the sheep in the middle.
a man wearing all white standing behind another man.
A man dressed in all white.
A MAN TAKING PHOTOS OF THE PEOPLE.
photojournalist.
A horse about to eat.
A brown horse is about to eat the grass which is side viewed.
second chair from the left side of the image.
A white and red beach chair sits directly in front of a pair of feet.
The left side of the couch next to the leg of the person wearing khakis.
The arm of a gray couch on which two people are seated.
A rolled-up grey tie that doesn't have a pattern.
grey colored cloth without design is on left side.
A silver Apple laptop being used by a person in a plaid shirt.
A long table close to us.
The guy in the green t shirt.
skateboarder in green.
blue and gold vase.
Full view of a blue color mug with flower designs.
A colorful bird sitting next to another one on the branch.
A bird with a red neck,.
the right goat of the ones butting heads.
white animal closest to the yellow line in the road.
the rightmost animal.
A young cow to the right of two other cows.
A boy is grey shirt and blue pant is doing tricks in skating holding the skate board in hand.
a boy doing tricks on his skateboard.
A baby giraffe that is next to an adult giraffe.
A baby giraffe with his head turned away from the camera.
Two zebras in a field eating.
Zebra not eating grass.
a man with sun shining on his face.
A man standing behind a pizza in a dark v-neck shirt.
A female ostrich sits in the grass.
A large emu in the grass.
A cream colored public bus.
A white bus parked on the side of the road.
a young boy getting a haircut.
A toddler getting his hair blow dried after a haircut.
An orange slice in the bottom left of the photo.
A car going through a road, very next to a skater going through the side of the road.
black car next to hot skateboarder.
An 8 side remote control.
The remote with blue, red, and a yellow button.
The chair furthest in the backdround.
A chair which is first from right and which is behind a small flower vase.
The sheep in the middle of the two other sheep that's facing left.
the white sheep in the middle of the two.
An old fashioned clock with roman numeral digits sits on a table.
A silver clock with roman numerals.
MILKSHAKE IN GLASS WITH STRAW ON TABLE.
A glass with white liquid in it with two straws.
A yellow containter with brocolli.
Cooked broccoli and mushrooms.
the elephant in the lead.
Elephant leading other elephants.
The person on the right.
boy in blue vest.
An airplane on the tarmac with people exiting.
plane on runway unloading.
A dark brown dog lying on the bed.
The sleeping black dog.
The biggest cow on the grass.
A brown cow with white speckled legs.
A piece of broccoli that sits above and to the right of the baby corn.
top most broccoli.
Skis lie against a fence as a resort.
Brown couch next to white couch.
a brown couch.
The smaller giraffe standing directly in front of a larger giraffe.
A giraffe in front of others.
its a white cup and saucer with black tea.
A cup of coffee.
The dark blue wheelchair.
The metal & blue wheelchair looking item, right next to the sink.
A glass of water.
A clear glass sitting beside another container and a plate.
a man wearing the white colour dress.
A MAN IN A WHITE SHIRT AND RED TIE HOLDING A SLEEPING BABY.
The man standing.
A man in goggles and winter sports attire standing between two seated snowboarders.
A child.
Girl with pink shoes.
white toilet bowl tank.
A toilet.
A man in a grey shirt with a white neck lanyard on.
A man in a grey color t-shirt.
A man with the black kitchen apron.
a bearded man with an apron and a scarf.
A woman in red holding a laptop.
A young lady in a red top sits at a dinner table and holds her laptop.
Surfboard with flowers on it.
A surfboard held by a man.
A man in a white shirt and jeans holding a shepherd's crook, with four goats running around him.
DOG TRAINER.
A person in a white shirt and red cap holding a metal paddle with a pizza.
A man wearing red cap and red scarf.
giraffe facing right and nearest the right.
Giraffe on the right.
A brown-haired man with facial hair stubble looking down at a pizza.
A man with brown hair staring down at a pizza.
The mattress on the white framed bed.
KIDS BED ON THE CRADLE.
The top of a couch behind a sleeping baby.
a blue chair that a baby is sleeping on.
A person in a green jacket.
A man's hand next to a cake with sparklers.
a man was going on scating.
man on skateboard.
the front most animal.
A white sheep with its head up.
A black color car.
compact car.
A little boy throwing a ball to a woman.
A child in a yellow shirt throwing a ball.
a small baby zebra.
A small zebra standing next to a larger one.
A white cow next to a brown cow.
A white bull walking down the street.
The table chair that's closest to the doorway.
A dining chair fully visible from the backside near another partly visible dining chair.
The chair holding a laundry basket.
A man wearing black, blue, and orange atheltic gear leans back.
The guy with spectacles.
skier in yellow parka.
a snowboarder in a yellow and black jacket.
catcher in front of umpire.
baseball player in catcher's uniform.
Blue ski standing in the snow.
blue ski.
A set of blue skiis.
woman in black to the left.
a person with dark hair wearing dark clothes in a kitchen.
An orange umbrella.
the orange umbrella.
WELL SITED SOFA IN FRONT OF THE TV.
The couch in the hotel room looks comfortable and clean.
giraffe standing with head down to the left of other giraffes.
The backside of a giraffe who is bending down.
the potatoe basket.
A basket of potatos.
The white plastic chair to the right of the other white plastic chair.
A white plastic chair against the wall.
A man eating pizza with a beanie on his head.
A man in a gray sweatshirt and black beanie cap is eating something.
A man spraypainting the fire hydrant.
A man who is painting a fire hydrant.
Body parts of a stuffed animal partially in a picture.
white stuffed bear.
Slice of bacon on a plate sitting on the range with another plate of food and pot.
The white dish on the far left.
A grey elephant stands in a small puddle of water.
A gray elephant beside a brown elephant.
an elderly woman sitting on a couch.
The old man sitting down.
A man in a red shirt.
A man in a red shirt.
A skating board in pink and green color with starts design on it which has words written as "RIDE".
A pink and green snowboard.
closer horse.
Brown horse on the right tied next to another horse at a hitching post.
A man in a white shirt and black shorts on a tennis court is about to hit the ball.
A man is jumping up to serve a tennis ball.
FINGERS.
a hand.
A man in a pullover talks to a man wearing glasses.
A man wearing a gray zip-up jacket.
A plastic spoon with an upright handle.
A plastic spoon.
The orange slice in the person's hand.
An orange slice in a man's hand.
a US Airforce plane.
A small airplane with U.S. Air Force on it's nose.
A woman wearing a red jacket.
Person in red coat on far right side of picture holding blue umbrella.
The checkered chair that is the closest to the left side of the screen.
A blue and white plaid loveseat.
Gray and white horse closest to the sidewalk.
this is the horse behind the front horse.
A woman with a blue landyard and two rackets.
woman holding tennis racket.
woman in blue jeans left of the suitcase.
A leg in black pants and wearing a flat black shoe.
a white horse.
A white horse.
A woman wearing beige dress holding umbrella at a picnic.
woman wearing glasses and white dress.
Man in a black shirt and brown pants.
A man with a black bandana covering his face.
A bowl of rice and vegetables next to other healthy dishes.
Rice and vegetables.
A zebra between two other zebras.
SMALLER ZEBRA IN THE MIDDLE GRAZYING.
a boy in a tuxedo.
A young boy in a black suit and tie.
A man with sunglasses and long blue sleeves stands watching his teammate tag a runner.
a man wearing a baseball glove behind other players.
A RED WITH + MARK FLAG BURGER PIECE.
The piece of sandwhich with the swiss flag.
A female tennis player in white dress.
A tennis player in a short sleeved shirt.
A woman is sitting down wearing a pink shirt.
A woman in a pink blouse sitting with her head turned away.
green banana.
a piece of broccoli in a pot.
A young man crouching by the back of a motorcyle with something sticking out of his mouth.
the blurry person on the skateboard with jeans and white shoes.
The guy in skateboard who seems to be moving.
The taller girl who caught the frisbee.
the woman about to catch a frisbee.
The empty sofa in the background.
The tan couch behind the man in black socks.
the wooden bench that the man in the red jacket is sitting on.
A bench where a man is sitting.
A large cake on a table with a blue skirt.
A display of a white cake for honorary forces.
A striped canopy umbrella above two chairs on the beach.
The top of a blue umbrella at the beach.
A woman wearing black watches wildlife.
A woman in a blue skirt standing next to a man.
its an yellow color aircraft.
A yellow plane in the farm.
Four apples in a sealed, netted container.
An unopened package of peaches.
A baseball player with 22 on his uniform.
A player wearing number 22 warming up to bat.
a new york yankees cup of beer.
The cup with the beer in it.
The girl by the ball with a white shirt.
A girl wearing a white shirt and blue sock playing soccer.
Two skis being held by a woman.
Skis held by woman in green coat.
back of chair in background with circle.
a blurry chair through some glass.
A woman in a purple shirt and wearing eyeglasses holding a glass of wine.
a young woman in a dark blue dress wearing glasses and holding a glass of red wine.
geen  vetable top side of plate.
A piece of broccoli next to an upside down white spoon.
A man wearing white sitting in front of a man wearing a plaid shirt.
A man in white is blocked by another man.
A woman wearing red lipstick.
a lady with black hair.
A person wearing a black shirt.
The umpire dressed in a black shirt behind the catcher.
sink.
The sink.
The back of a skier in a light blue jacket.
A person wearing a powder blue coat.
the bigger laptop on the left.
chair back behind the little girl.
The chair the baby is sitting on.
a black square traffic light on the right.
The back of a cross-walk sign around the pole of another one.
A man with a white shirt, green swim trunks is surfing on a green surfboard.
A man rides a waterboard while being pulled by something attached to him by ropes.
man in black t-shirt standing behind another person wearing grey t-shirt.
A woman with short hair is standing behind the man and woman.
A white older man in a business suit, shaking the pilots hand.
A man in a business suit standing on a platform with his right arm extended.
Black Cat sitting in a sink.
The black cat drinking from the faucet.
A partial torso of a black elephant.
Bananas in a picnic basket with various items.
two banana in the image.
A baseball player kneeling down on his right knee.
man sitting in the left side of the image.
The turn wheel in the middle.
A man in a yellow hat playing tennis.
A man in a hard hat playing tennis.
A Horse standing.
A horse eating grass next to a small horse lying in the grass.
green chair.
A green lawn chair.
A lady sitting down and playing with the child.
woman wearing a white shirt and black pants.
A BOAT ON THE SEA TIED ON THE LAND WITH FLAG AND NAMED GANDHI.
Empty boat on the water.
man holding two plates.
Short guy with smores.
A woman with brown hair and glasses wearing a red shirt drinking a glass of wine.
woman drinking wine.
a silver knife leaning on a plate filled with egg and bacon.
Jeans with grey shirt orange dolly handle.
the man holding the wheel cart that holds the oven.
A boy riding a skateboard.
Boy on skateboard with a light blue shirt and jeans on.
A man holding a tennis racket.
A man in a white dress shirt holding a tennis racket.
A bench the scary person is on.
the person on the right in a grey shirt.
woman painting the stop board.
giraffe near the water.
a giraffe laying down and wrapping its neck around its body.
a wooden bench.
a man working on his laptop while sitting at the table.
A man wearing glasses.
A man in a white hat and shirt walking away with a tennis racket.
man on far left white hat.
Half of a carrot on a plate with other vegtables and fruits.
A large orange carrot.
Zebra standing with head facing down.
A group of two zebras standing.
A bowl filled with a yellow, chunky cream.
CHOPPED MANGO FRUIT IN THE GLASS BOWL.
A small girl starring at something, along with her elder sister.
Little girl sitting with toy in her hand.
A plastic container holding a white powdery substance next to the sink.
The plastic container without a lid.
A bottle blonde in a black hoodie that reads MICHIGAN in gold letters.
a woman in a dark blue sweatshirt is talking on her phone.
A bottle of whine with a white and blue label on it being held by a woman wearing a brown shirt.
A bottle of wine with a blue label.
blond lady in orange jacket.
A blue eyed blonde woman showing her teet in a smile.
The jacket laying on the arm of the couch, it is green, and has gray stripes on it.
A winter jacket that is laying on top of a blue couch.
partially bald head.
The back of a man's head who appears to be blessing a marriage.
The table and the food and drink on top of it.
the table the woman is sitting at in the right hand picture.
A white woven blanket with spiral pattern.
A WHITE COLOR CLOTH WHERE TWO CATS LYING.
A man sitting on a bike.
the man sitting wearing brown.
A woman with purple color tops blue color jean.
A woman in a pink shirt riding a skateboard.
guy in the white shorts closet to the net.
Man wearing yellow t-shirt.
the white surfboard.
A White surfboard.
A snowboarder in orange and teal clothes holding a sign that says Snowboard 3rd place.
the man wearing number 10, holding the 3rd place check.
A carrot below another carrot.
Carrot on the bottom.
Cup of sweet tea on the table next to two donuts.
Plastic, lidded cup filled with icy opaque brown drink.
A toilet with a black seat and lid that is open.
the toilet with the lid raised.
A baby sitting in a sink.
the baby in the sink.
a long hoagie sandwhich with the French and German flags on top.
One of two large sub sandwiches with a german flag sticking out of the left side.
pink case.
A pink suitcase cake.
The picture of a lady sitting on the cycle with a traditional gown.
woman with long blue dress.
The man has on a plaid robe.
A BROWN COLOURED HORSE IS STANDING NEAR A WOMAN.
A HORSE TURN BACK WHILE ITS TOUCH BY A WOMAN.
an old clock ona wall.
A clock face on a tower.
A maroon sofa set.
There is a red sofa, a women sitting.
A giraffe behind the other two griaffes.
A GIRAFEE WATCHING HIS COLEGUES FROM BACK SIDE OF THEM.
A brown and white cow is behind the cow at the gate.
cow on the far left side.
A BROWN COLOR BAG HOLDING A LADY NEAR BY WHITE COLOR DRESSED LADY.
Black bag.
A girl in a black shirt and pink bandanna looks at her phone.
A girl in a pink bandana.
a wooden chair next to a bar.
A wooden chair up next to the bar.
Baseball player preparing to swing the bat.
The man holding the bat.
a chair at the front of a table.
A wall is striped with the colors brown and white.
The player who is running.
A baseball player who is running.
the man in the buttoned jacket.
A young man dressed in a Texido holding some clothing standing in a parking lot with another man.
A silver colored sink with some splashes of water in it.
A stainless steel sink beside a stove.
A green apple.
A yellow apple.
The orange on the left.
the orange that is on the left of the juicer.
the man.
A boy in black shirt and jeans jumping a skateboard.
A white counter top that the white plate is sitting on top of.
a horse is in right side of the driving person.
Red apple is sliced on the plate.
A bright red apple is cut up.
A little boy next to a man with big hair.
Boy wearing a blue hat backwards.
MIDDLE VASE.
It's a white vase which is between two other vases.
a woman in a tan coat stands behind a paper sign.
the caucasian woman behind the 350 poster.
person with an apron washing bananas.
A person workin in fron of camera showing back.
Blt sandwich on a white plate with a salad.
The half of the sandwich located on the left with the tomato and lettuce  showing.
This is a slice of pizza.
a piece of pizza with a knife on top.
A girl playing tennis in the left photo.
2nd woman from the right.
A large microwave with a container in it, it is sitting next to a samller microwave which is sitting next to a typewriter.
the microwave on the left.
A lady playing ps4 game with joystick in hand.
A young Asian woman wearing a black dress playing a Nintendo Wii game.
The table with beer and menu on it.
Brown table with the beer and menus on it.
Two women playing wii while smiling and laughing.
A woman wearing all black and another wearing a red shirt and black jeans.
A carrot on some meat.
A carrot place above the cutlets.
The leftmost zebra of the two that are side by side.
The front of a zebra behind a rock.
DRAGON KITE.
A large black, white, red and yellow kite.
Torso and arms of man standing.
A man wearing a white shirt, with a tag strung around his neck.
The couch the guy in black is on.
a beige couch cushion with a woman sitting on it.
The back side of a brown leather chair.
A brown leather chair.
A muffin on the left of the plate.
A dinner roll sits on a full plate between another just like it and a fork.
A child dressed in a black ski jacket.
A boy in a black coat skiing.
A man in profile in a tan jacket holding a glass of red wine.
a person wearkign the jerkin.
The long blue board held diagonally behind people on the right.
The man with the beard who is holding a cat.
A man with glasses at a candle lit table holding a cat.
A girl wearing a pink shirt with pink pants.
Young girl in blue coat holding hand out towards camera.
A boy who is reading a book with a baby.
a young boy reading a book to his baby brother.
A person covering their face with a tan hat.
A person with a hat eats food at a table.
A man in black playing tennis.
The tennis player in black,.
A black backpack behind other packages.
Two blue luggage behind two blue boxes on top of a cardboard box.
A seat in front of the dog and the woman.
a bearded man wearing a black suit and bow tie.
A man with glasses and a tuxedo giving a warning look.
man in striped shirt.
the man wearing stripes.
white plastic plates with green and yellow food.
FOODS IN CONTAINERS.
A surfboard laying on the sad.
Surfboards lying in the sand behind the man and woman.
the younger guy dressed in a demin jacket and jeans.
man with open denim jacket.
the goat with its back facing the camera.
A SMALL GOAT SHOWING HIS BACK SIDE AND SITTING FIRST.
A blue and white striped umbrella on a sunny day.
A blue and white umbrella next to a green and white umbrella.
the giraffe on the far right.
The giraffe to the far right.
the number 21 bus.
A bus with white colour.
the girl that is holding onto the purple drink.
A girl with glasses holding a purple soda can.
A man in blue shorts and shirt playing frisbee with friends.
the dude in the middle with the blue outfit on.
A bus with a Judge Judy advertisement on the side.
A white and blue bus with an advertisement for Judge Judy.
Boy sitting in a dark pink chair smiling at the camera.
A small boy in a grey shirt sitting in a purple chair.
A school bus with the number 34.
Bus numbered 34.
The person that is leading the other person on the skis.
skier in front of pack.
The ship named le canotier.
The larger of the two boats.
An adult elephant.
A large elephant leading two other elephants.
the baby in pink.
The girl in pink.
A white boat with a person wearing white standing on it.
boat nearest the camera.
A girl playing badminton actively and live.
lady in white and green.
indoor plant.
A standing man wearing a black jacket.
A heavy set man wearing a black jacket with his hand by a giraffees mouth.
A yellow bus.
The yellow bus with 707 on it.
A black girl carrying an umbrella.
A young girl in a white sweater holding an umbrella.
A man wearing black surfing attire, holding a white surfboard.
Black haired man in wetsuit carrying a white surfboard.
A giraffe who's head is back of another giraffe.
the zebra on the right.
zebra in the front right of the image.
man in white shirt.
man in white pullover shirt.
A banana on the right.
The banana to the far right.
ambulance.
the back end of a truck with the doors showing.
the chair in which the child is sitting.
A blue and white lawn chair.
German Shephard dog sleeping.
A dog with a black face.
Red sports car with black convertible top.
a red sports car parked in the parking lot.
The ship at sea.
The barge that is in the water.
The chair is facing the window.
A chair facing a window.
The torso of a man in blue slacks and a light blue shirt standing behind a little girl.
person on left.
A soccer plater ina white shirt.
The man in the white long-sleeve shirt.
the sink the cat is in.
Sink under cat.
zebra on the right side.
The zebra on the far right.
the woman combing the child's hair.
A lady making hair of her little girl who is sitting in her lap.
The torso  upper legs of a man wearing a grey t-shirt and beige shorts.
Person in gray shirt.
A woman sitting on a wall who is holding a purse.
woman sits on bench on side of the road.
A red flag nearest to the men walking.
The red umbrella with a blue wrap folded up on a beach.
the man in the red coat.
A man with a black ski cap, sun glasses, red parka, black snow pants, skis and holding 2 ski poles in his left hand stopped in front of a fence.
A man on a skateboard.
A boy on a skateboard on top of a ramp.
A boy in a white t-shirt is jumping high over a bar on his skateboard.
a boy doing a trick on a skateboard.
A boy in a red and gray shirt next to the water.
A boy in a black white and red shirt playing in water.
a horse staring straight ahead.
black horse was seeing.
A cat sleeping to the left of another cat.
A wine bottle with a blue label.
pinot blanc wine bottle.
A POLICE BIKE PARKING ON THE ROAD SIDE BETWEEN TWO BIKES.
center motorcycle.
a small bowl with food near two big bowls.
The rice put in a bowl of lime juice.
The bottom of a chair which is holding a woman.
chair with woman sitting on it.
Tennis player serving ball.
A tennis player dressed all in white is holding a tennis racket.
Two biciycles in the background.
The baby elephant next to the adult elephant.
A baby elephant.
A man standing in front of a child in a field.
A person in white pants and tan shoes.
A woman wearing tan pants and white shoes, riding a bicycle with a basket on the front.
A woman in black bikini holding a baby standing in the suitcase.
A woman in black bikini with wrist tattoo grasping a child's hands standing in a suitcase.
man wearing black coat and dark blue shirt.
of the two men whose faces we can see, he is the short man on the right.
A man in blue riding a motorcycle.
man in blue shirt riding motorcycle.
kid under the umbrella wearing white pant and rose shoe.
A girl sitting under umbrella wearing white pant and pink shoes.
the person on the left.
A guy in a bomber jacket, sitting to the left of another guy.
A white cat.
A fluffy white cat with a pink nose sitting on a laptop.
A brown teddy bear, leaning on a white bear.
A golden teddy bear.
biggest bird on right side.
a large duck is standing in a field.
A computer screen with google on it.
A monitor turned on with Google on the screen.
man in black.
Man in black shirt holding a donut.
A baseball player in green preparing to hit the ball.
A man in a green shirt readies himself to hit the ball.
yellow truck behind skater.
A yellow pickup truck.
Man holding up a bicycle wearing a black hat with white skull on it.
A man in a dark blue work shirt standing next to a bicycle.
the woman in black dress.
A woman in a black dress putting a helmet on a baby who is sitting on a motorcycle.
the man standing.
A tall man wearing a black suit with a red and silver tie.
The man with the blue tie with circles on it.
A man in a black suit and blue tie.
couch, behind dog.
The light brown couch behind the dog.
Maroon colored motorcylce with a rider on top wearing a dark helmet.
The maroon motorcycle to the left of the blue motorcycle.
A large black boat with Demetrius written on the side.
The boat that is closest to the front in the water.
A book on a lady's lap.
Boys legs in dark skinny jeans and red and yellow shoelaces.
Person with red and yellow shoe laces.
white teddie bear.
A white teddy bear with a red bow.
The wooden chair on the right.
a wood chair next to a man on a bike.
Black leather couch sitting on the right side of fireplace.
A black couch closets to the window.
A skier in a red jacket.
A man in red jacket skiing.
A large teddy bear wearing biker goggles.
the stuffed teddy bear.
The cake table with the cake decorated like a present.
A red and white table with wine glasses on it.
A clear wine glass with liquid inside of it.
Empty clear glass margarita glass.
The doughnut that is stacked second from the bottom on a blue plate.
The second donut from the bottom.
child with blue dress.
A tall girl in a blue dress holding a tiny bouquet.
child laying down holding a book.
A boy lying in bed with a book next to a child.
The man in the blue shirt and blue shorts that is trying to catch the frisbee.
A man in a blue shirt to the right of three other men reaching for a Frisbee.
A container of french fries covered with cheese and chili.
Chili and cheese on fries.
A laptop keyboard of a small laptop, which is resting on top of a larger laptop.
Small black laptop keyboard.
A man in camo looking at his phone and holding his sunglasses.
The man on the right.
A young asian man wearing glasses, a blue dress shirt, a tie and black pants.
A man wearing glasses and a blue shirt with a tie.
A spectator watching a tennis match.
A man with red color tshirt.
The seated man in the white shirt.
An Asian man sitting down to dinner.
Pitcher on mound.
The pitcher.
brown horse with white stripe on face.
A horse with a white streak down the middle of it's face.
the horse that doesn't have anyone on it.
Horse with Indian Blanket standing next to Man.
Half of a sandwich that is still on a plate and not being held.
A half of sandwich on a plate.
A giraffe with long eyelashes.
Two elephants.
adult elephant standing over baby elephant.
A man in a red shirt and blue pants holding a tennis racket and ball,.
A boy in a red adidas shirt.
a white and brown horse with a park police person on it standing to the left of another horse.
Partially obscured horse with white legs.
middle sized elephant.
middle elephant.
beautiful bird looking towards left away from his/her partner.
a bird looking to the left.
the smallest red suitcase at the end.
The far left suitcase.
A bald man with glasses holds a banana between two other men.
A bespecticaled man wearing a black sport jacket and white shirt holding a banana.
Man in a gray suit playing Wii next to a woman.
A man in a suite playing the Wii.
A countertop containing dishes with restaurant food on them.
A tabletop full of plated food being served.
A chair at the head of the table.
A mn playing wii with a red checkered shirt.
An asian male from the backside playing Wii bowling.
motorized toothbrush on the left.
An Oral-B electric toothbrush with well-worn bristles and a blue ring around its base.
A person wearing a pink and white jacket.
A dark vehicle to the left of all others.
The van on the left.
A giraffe that is mostly obscured by another giraffe and a tree.
The table under the pizza.
the table.
Pizza with extra melted cheese and bacon.
A plate with pizza on it.
Small silver laptop on the right corner of the table in front of the single monitor.
A smaller laptop on the right side of the table.
Leftmost man.
An older man standing beside a woman.
man in lite blue shirt.
A teddy bear wearing a purple jacket stands next to a bear in a dress.
A navy blue SUV with dark windows and a silver grill.
the black suv behind the boys.
A WHITE OPEN LAPTOP.
A white laptop.
A cross country skier wearing a white too, blue pants and the number 91.
A person in a white shirt and blue pants skiing.
Man on a motorcycle, following behind the sheep, wearing a blue sweater and green pants.
A man sitting on a motorcycle with one leg down and wearing sandles.
A girl wearing a black and yellow shirt riding a surfboard with friends.
A woman wearing glasses and a black and yellow shirt standing on a surfboard  behind a man in a red shirt and in front of a man in a white shirt.
The red and yellow surf board.
A red and yellow surfboard in the back of a car.
A statue on a bench is being sat next to by a man in shorts.
A statue of a man holding a dog.
photo of doughnuts and glasses of drinks.
Ceramic Dilbert joined us for a breakfast of donuts and iced tea.
The hotdog on the right.
The hot dog furthest to the right.
The blurry bicycle with nobody riding it.
A bike parked in the bike rack.
A black car parked to the left of a bus.
A black sedan on the left side of the bus.
A rectangular, white and purple sheet cake with a screen printed photo and text on the top.
A cake sitting on a table.
A green piece of broccoli in a bowel.
A piece of broccoli between an orange and purple piece of food.
A piece of a metal chair can be seen cut off by the picture.
An empty chair at the table.
A red, white, and blue plane that is flying sideways.
The plane with its wings in view.
A zebra standing next to a chain-link fence.
The zebra is standing behind the fencing.
woman in white top swinging a tennis racket.
tennis player in red shorts and white top.
The toy bear that is on top of the piano.
Teddy bear on the piano.
the elephant on the far left, standing behind the man in the yellow shirt.
the leftmost elephant.
The cat laying on the carpet.
Cat laying on rug in front of mirror.
A red, double-decker Stagecoach bus.
Red double decker bus.
A woman with curly hair standing under an umbrella with another woman.
A woman with long curly hair wearing a dark coat walking with a man.
girl in pink shirt.
A woman in a pink shirt sitting at at table of bananas.
A child who is watcing the cake cut by the white woman.
A young girl watches an older female cut a Fourth of July cake.
A man fixes another man's tie.
Barrack Obama adjusting a person's tie.
adult with orange coat on skiing.
A person with a blue backpack on a ski slope beside a small child in red.
A blond woman eating dinner with her friends.
The blond lady on the left.
man playing guiter.
A man playing guitar.
The catcher.
A catcher touching his butt with an umpire standing over him.
A boy holding his bat upright.
A man in a rust colored shirt with his hands on his hips overseeing with the woman is doing at the stove.
The man with the orange shirt.
The top Bon of a sandwich with cabbage and some sort of sauce on it.
The top bun of a burger or sandwhich.
The closest giraffe that is facing sideways and eating from the tree.
A tall giraffe that is nuzzling the neck of another tall giraffe to the left of it.
a man in a red and green shirt checking the screen for the picture to be ok.
A MAN WEARING BROWN T-SHIRT.
A naan in front of a green sweatered child.
A pizza piece kept on the plate for a kid.
A black truck stopped in traffic with some white bags in the bed.
A bog grey coloured car behind a red coloured is stopped by the traffic man.
A grazing zebra that is standing closest to a tree.
The zebra nearest the tree eats grass.
A black motorcycle with a bag of fruit on top of it.
A motorcycle ridden by a man wearing yellow pants.
yellow & white striped tie.
The tie in the middle next to the polka dot.
Man with boxes standing by a turquoise pole.
Painted vehicle on the right, behind the painted man.
Glass white bowl with fries in it.
A small bowl of french fries.
horse on right.
a horse in brown color riding with a lady wearing a red t-shirt.
man in a black shirt.
The man in the hat and sweatshirt throwing the frisbee.
The motorcycle rider.
A man in black riding a motorcycle.
The zebra that is standing on grass not drinking or eating.
A zebra standing by itself in the grass.
A toy stuffed black and white bear, sitting in front of a woman in a red and white shirt.
A black and grey stuffed bear wearing an ornate necklace.
A man wearing a baseball cap standing behind a fence.
a man behind a fence with a hat, black shirt, and gray pants.
A yellow watercraft.
the Yellow Boat was a man sitting on it.
a black suv parked behind a police motorcycle.
A dark blue sport utility vehicle with a hitch behind a cop leaning against a motocycle.
bear girl is holding.
A teddy bear being held buy a girl.
the right shoulder of a man next to a woman eating a slice of pizza.
person in white shirt whose head you cannot see.
A piece of pizza on top of a menu.
A large slice of pizza sitting on two plates with no silverware.
The elephant facing away from the camera.
A skateboard being ridden in a bowl by a skateboarder.
A skateboard in use.
A green cloth with writing on it.
The green shirt the dog is lying on.
man sitting in the left side of the image with a dog.
A white horse with a little child riding it.
a white color horse with a girl wearing a pink color cap.
elephant on far right.
An elephant standing a little apart from the other elephants.
air plane whose body can be fully seen.
An airliner on the tarmac.
The train that is not in the lead.
The train trailing behind the other one.
A boat with a blue tarp in the water.
Boat under the blue tarp.
A man wearing blue pants and a black shirt with white writing.
A boy wearing a black shirt with white letters.
A chair at the corner of a table.
A wooden chair at the corner of the table.
A sheep near a woman.
A sheep facing east with white legs.
A man wearing glasses and a baseball cap with a funny look on his face.
A man wearing a black hat.
reflection of clock.
Reflection of the clock.
Brown colored cupboards in a kitchen.
cabinet front with two metal handles.
A youth leaning against a wall with a skateboard.
The man leaning on the wall with a skateboard.
The pizza on the plate near the knife.
A slice of pizza on a plate with a knife next to it.
Black couch with stuff on it.
A black leather chair near a television.
rightmost toilet.
The closest toilet.
empty sink.
A silver colored kitchen sink with many dirty dishes sitting next to it.
left side train is capitalas utd express.
There is one yellow color old train standing on the track along with other train.
A small dog standing next to a larger dog.
A smaller dog standing next to a larger dog on a leash.
A round fat white mug sitting up further on the table.
A coffee mug next to a small black teapot behind another mug and a sandwich.
2 sandwitches.
A sandwich set up on it's side.
The girl in the bed.
Small black girl lying down and wearing a blue hospital gown.
Child on the right wearing a blue shirt.
A child holding a tennis racket with a blue t-shirt and denim shorts on.l.
A bed with a red, blue and green bedspread.
The bed the man in the black shirt is jumping on.
An elephant with it's trunk in it's mouth.
An elephant raising its trunk behind another elephant.
Red carpet.
red carpet between two people in a wheelchair.
A man in a tan jacket and tie holding an award.
A MAN IS STANDING HOLDING A PHOTO NEAR A LADY.
A zebra with its head pointing to the left and standing beyond another zebra.
The zebra out of focus.
green banana with face drawn on.
A grumpy green unripe banana staring at the camera.
A bottom left clock dial.
The black and white clock that is on the floor,is closest to the sandal.
A black bag over a man's shoulder.
the black messenger bag hanging from the corner.
A man standing on some skis and holding ski poles wearing black sunglasses.
The skier wearing dark green.
A reddish orange chair that is mostly visible.
An orange chair.
A brown horse standing to the right of another horse.
Horse with a blue harness on its face standing on the right.
a dirty glass that has residue on it, maybe pulp.
A glass of ice water.
Empty chair back.
A brown chair behind an old asian woman.
A man in a white shirt, catching a frisbee.
Man in white shirt catching Frisbee with man in yellow shirt running at him.
first wash basin from the front.
a swirled piece of sandwich food underneath an identical piece.
The hotel bed on the right corner of the picture is cut off slightly.
The bed to the right of the lamps.
a spotted horse ridden by a woman with dark glasses.
The white horse with the black spots.
A leather couch with a plaid throw on the back.
A brown leather sofa with a brown, red, and white blanket laying on the back of it.
clear bowl full of broccoli on the buffet.
A large, clear bowl of green lettuce.
A man wearing orange shoes and a grey cap holding his skis and walking.
A man in snow gear holding skis walks down the street.
white van.
A CAR IN A WHITE.
Tall giraffe on right reaching up to get food for itself.
A tall giraffe eating grass from a cage.
The man in the tan shirt with the black bag on his waiste.
A man wearing a tan t-shirt and blue shorts while holding a black bag.
A light brown teddy bear to the left of two darker teddy beara.
A light brown teddy bear with one visible eye.
a tabule in room.
a table with a cake on it.
a bed with checkered blanket.
bed with several different spreads on it.
The chair the man is sitting in.
The white chair where a well-dressed man looks to his right at an equally pleasant and sharply attired woman.
the man in the right picture, further back.
A tennis player behind another, on the right.
A white table behind a bird.
empty white outdoor table.
The chicken facing the right.
One chicken in the front with a brown-red color neck, and one chicken in the back with an orange-black colored neck.
A small elephant on the left.
Elephant to the left of two other elephants.
A man wearing glasses and carrying a bad climbing stairs.
A man in brown vest going up the stairs carrying a messenger back.
Little girl in pink jacket being pulled on skis.
A girl in a pink snowsuit and wearing a white hat being towed on skis.
a woman wearing the white shirt.
A woman sitting at the table of a cafe having a drink.
A silver laptop with a password prompt on the screen sits beside several black computers.
a laptop with many other moniter in room.
A chair that a girl is sitting in.
the chair she is sitting on.
A young zebra behind a larger zebra, eating grass.
A baby zebra.
the red ski on the left.
the left ski of the man in the right hand picture.
Blue glass fullest of water.
Water glass to right of plate.
A toilet.
White toilet with its lid up.
There is a Couch in the right side of the guy which is blue in color.
Blue chair.
The man sitting on the ground on his knee.
Woman in gray and white striped top.
the white motorcycle that is right behind the parked bicycle.
silver motorcycle next to silver pole.
blue surf board.
A light blue surfboard.
A white umbrella held by a cartoon character.
THE WHITE UMBRELLA LOWER TO THE OTHER ONE.
The man with the yellow shirt and white pants helping the woman to ski.
A man in a yellow shirt and white pants.
Large gray and brown elephant standing on the right facing the left.
elephant with small tusk on right side.
The dog with red collar looking over railing.
REMOTE CONTROL AT THE MIDDLE OF A WATER BOTTLE AND MOBILE PHONE CASE.
the gray remote on the far left of the others.
An elephant with its trunk extended.
a elephant in thick foliage is sticking his trunk out.
empty side of the bench.
2 handrails on a bench behind a man.
A man wearing a hat and a light blue shirt seated at a picnic table.
A man in a blue shirt, gray shorts and  a hat.
A piece of broccoli under the leftmost slice of meat.
Armed chair with decorated cushion.
the right side chair.
horse on left side of another horse.
horse on the left of the pair of horses.
A man in yellow reflective shirt standing on ladder cleaning airplane window.
A man in a reflective vest.
the chair.
A chair at a desk.
the top right slice of bread on a sandwich.
The top, right piece of bread on a sandwich.
Half of a sandwich standing up.
vertical standing half of sandwich.
The elephant in the middle.
Two smaller baby elephants with a larger elephant.
A man in a white shirt is hodling a skateboard.
A young man in white T-shirt and jeans standing with a skateboard in his right hand behind another skater performing a trick.
A woman holding an umbrella.
An older woman with reddish brown hair wearing a yellow tank top holding a floral umbrella.
an elephant being sprayed with water at a zoo, it certainly looks happy!.
An elephant with it's trunk raised while it is sprayed with water.
A black dressed girl sitting at the right side of a woman using mobile phone.
The woman on the left, next to the window not on her phone.
a old person walking with her.
A man with grey hair and black shirt.
A small baby in pink dress having milk.
A baby girl wearing pink clothes being fed from a bottle.
A boy wearing a grey tanktop.
There is a young boy wearing rolled up jeans playing with a skateboard.
The bush under the light.
big green bush under a light.
A double decker bus.
The large red bus.
a chair on the bottom right.
A silver decorative bike holding pink flowers.
A two wheeled bicycle with some pink flowers in a basket by the rear wheel.
A drak brown desert with icing layered on it it the lower left hand corner of the plate.
The chocolate bon bon closest to you on the left.
SAMSUNG MICROVEN IN A KITCHEN.
A microwave being showed off by a woman in white.
A young man with tattoos on his arm.
Skateboarder in black dress flying through the air.
the smallest pot.
A blue vase sitting closest to the edge of the table.
The blue scissors in the blue bag that is on top of the purple notebook .
A pair of blue scissors.
A young man in a white polo shirt and glasses holding a raquet.
The man with glasses on.
A bush in the rightmost pot.
plant on right in the right hand picture.
its a cow.
The larger black and white cow that is next to the baby.
A red miniature vehicle is parked.
a red van and a guy sitting on his moped talking on his phone.
A pumpkin with a green bow on top and sitting between two other pumpkins.
A pumpkin shaped dessert with big green leaves and long brown eyelashes.
A brown racing horse with the number 10 leading a group of 3 horses in a race.
the horse that is in front winning the race.
Red truck parked in a parking lot.
Red car with black bumper.
A hotdog to the left of another hotdog.
The chili dog directly to the right of the bowl of beans.
a woman holding a phone.
A woman in a red sweater.
The largest piece of broccoli.
The largest piece of broccoli.
A cake which is of green color and white toppings.
A green-iced cake with Smarties candie on top of it.
bench made of wood with etchings on it.
A wooden bench holding a man in blue jeans.
Middle bench.
A full view of a brown plaid bench.
The empy chair.
empty chair.
The back half of a pizza on a tray.
A round pizza on a tray with tomato slices as a topping.
The chair furthest away from the stove.
A chair on the right of the table.
Two slices of pizza next to a fork.
Two pieces of pizza with meat toppings, sitting on a tray with a fork and a drink.
african smiling with a friend.
A Africian American man looking toward the left.
Black armchair covered with a grey afghan.
a black chair with a grey and black striped throw over it.
A man in a poster being fed pizza by a woman; his face is ridiculous.
male on sign with pizza in his mouth.
The person is wearing white boots.
a man put his leg on fridge.
A MAN IN A GREEN T-SHART.
A man and women skiing.
The plate with the green vegetables.
Some type of food in a bowl, the picture is too dark to tell.
pizza closest to screen.
A flatbread on a plate with cheese, vegetables, and meat, in front of another similar flatbread.
woman with hat and jacket.
the woman with the black coat and brown hat.
Female in blue jeans.
a girl in blue dress using remote control.
a person with a gray sweatshirt.
A person wearing a sweater skating up a ramp.
A slice of bread with condiments on it beside the bottom half of a pickel, cheese and meat sandwich.
a piece of toast covered in mayo, ketchup, and mustard.
The table closest to the camera with part of the cake on it.
Table that is farthest away from the podium under the cake.
The number plate of a bike shows 7820 FYL.
Motorcycle with FYL on license plate.
a sofa set was on the room.
An old scottish bus.
a scottish bus.
The person with tan shorts on.
The man who is holding the frisbee.
A lady with sleeve less white tops and sky blue trousers sitting in a sofa and watching something.
Girl sitting on a beige couch with her right arm resting on the sofa arm.
a stop sign that appears to be bigger than the other stop signs and more visible than the other stop signs. It does not have a one-way sign on top of it.
A stop sign without a oneway sign on it.
John Kerry looking guy in the red tie.
A man who is wearing a red color tie and his one hand on other man's shoulder.
A young woman with glasses raises her phone to take a picture of a blue-and-white cake.
Girl with scarf using phone.
broccoli.
Greens on the table.
The woman on the left.
a woman in a black dress.
The dining room table is set for a birthday celebration.
middle zebra in large pasture.
A zebra between two other zebras.
a man wearing a hat riding an elephant.
It is a picture of a white man sitting in the back of an elephant holding a stick.
A man in a white shirt on a bike.
A man with glasses is riding a bike.
a flat screen tv to the left of another tv and in front of a bike.
BLACK FLAT SCREEN TV WITH SMALL TV IN FRONT.
Black chair with a stuffed animal on it.
The chair with the stuffed animal owl sitting in it.
A white umbrella held by a person in a green coat.
A white umbrella.
A train engine that says Direct Rail Services.
A train engine is parked on tracks at a train depot at night.
The straw umbrella on the left.
Large sheep with lots of wool.
The big sheep.
stove to the left of the sink.
the white oven at the left of the picture, wash  basine.
Women nearby by a lady eating pizza.
a woman in white shirt.
two lambs walking in the grass.
a pair of lambs walk in the grass.
Deep fried balls of food with sauce and chives.
the bottom left picture.
A grey chair in a living room next tobackpacks.
The empty grey chair on the left side of the room.
A young boy on a yellow surfboard on his belly.
Boy lying on his belly with his head up.
an empty park bench.
a green bench with no one sitting on it.
The reflection of a dog.
reflection of a white and brown dog.
a black cow.
A black cow follow a white cow.
An older woman wearing a flowered skirt.
an elderly woman in a brown shirt.
A person's knee perched on a chair.
Just the elbow, no body visible.
Dark-colored pickup truck.
A truck heading to the left.
The big blue boat out in the distance.
A large blue ship with a red hull.
a person in red pants on a snowboard.
A man skeing with black and white striped jacket.
A BIKE HOLDING VEGETABLE BAG AND BAG.
A grey scooter.
And old green refrigerator/freezer with a poster on it picturing a basket of flowers.
Green refrigerator with picture on front.
A cozy white couch by the wooden wall.
A light brown sofa next to curtains.
A duck is flying higher than two other ducks.
Duck flying highest of the three.
Bicycle lying on curbing.
A dark red bike chipped over laying on the ground.
The person who is holding two phone and their face is not visible.
A man at the far right is holding 2 cell phones.
A person in a black shirt eating a sausage with both hands.
Man holding a piece of pepperoni pizza.
blue and white potty chair in bathroom with little girl sitting atop it.
small toilet used for kids potty training.
Black capri's that a being worn by the person in the background.
A person wearing black shoes stands behind a child holding out a toy to another person.
table.
A white table cloth with two wine bottles and a wine glass.
couch behind the man and woman.
The white couch to the right of the man in white.
A man with his hand on his chin talking to family.
A man sitting at a table across from another man and woman.
pizzja in staw.
The pizza in the middle.
a tall white bird standing in the grass.
Crane on grassy shore.
A wooden chair white white rails.
An empty kitchen chair that has a white back and light colored seat.
A person's shoulder near a woman with glasses in front of her.
The shoulder of someone the lady is looking at.
brown arm chair.
Brown chair in living room.
The black sedan on the right of the picture where the dogs are facing.
The black sport car that the dogs seem to be looking at.
Juice in a glass with a straw.
A GLASS OF JUICE ON THE TABLE.
first yellow motorcycle in a series of motorcycles.
First of four policemen riding a motorcycle on the right.
A man with brown hair wearing a white turtle neck, sitting next to a blonde woman.
A person sitting behind a woman.
An Armavia jet on a runway.
an aeroplane named armavia standing in the airport.
black book that looks shiny from a light with a piece of white paper sticking out at the top.
a black coloured diary on the table.
An open face sandwich to the right of two others.
Food on the edge of the plate.
the zebra next to the building which is eating.
a zebra with its head down in the background.
woman in black tank top and shorts holding tennis racket.
woman in black outfit shacking other tennis player hand.
A black horse tied in the jungle .
the dark horse in the bottom right.
small elephant walking lonely with two tusks.
elephant with tusks looking at camera.
The old man in the green sleeping gown.
A man in a green nightgown.
silver laptop on the left side of the picture.
A small silver mac computer showing multiple windows on the screen.
The couch is green.
HOLLYWOOD VOL. FIRE DEPT RED COLOR CAR.
A red Hollywood Vol. Fire Dept. SUV in a parking lot.
A tan seat behind a play center.
blankets at the left.
a man was playing with chaild.
A woman in a blue shirt next to a child holding a white frisbee.
the taller white horse is on the right.
The taller white horse on the right.
Purple logo seems like it's from a Fedex truck.
a fedex truck.
Green bird in a cage looking at the camera.
A green bird with a red beak sitting on a branch.
an asian kid in a dark blue vest.
A young Asian boy sitting on a man's lap watching television.
a man in black behind the girl and old man holding the wii remote.
man in background behind woman's shoulder.
A young woman with a mischievous look posing with a young man over two pizzas.
Girls head whose chin is close to the table.
soccer playing hitting ball with knee.
a man in baseball uniform straddled with hand ready to catch a ball.
First baseman for the Seattle Mariners  holding his foot on first base and trying to catch the ball.
horse on left.
white horse covered in protection.
A horse with its head visible feeding in a field.
The sirfboard that is orange and white.
A white and gray surfboard.
Broccoli, but not the little piece touching the cucumber.
Green broccoli on a white plate with grilled onions and tomato.
woman on right.
A lady in a dark jacket looks at a man.
A smiling woman wearing a metal necklace and a red shirt.
A woman from the mouth down, smiling and wearing a necklace.
A woman's face and her chest with a necklace.
A white and a tan cow tied together.
A cow with a black pattern on its face and shoulders.
a man getting his tie tied.
a man is standing with white coloured full sleeve shirt and black pants.
A black motorcycle and a black motorcycle helmet sitting on the ground next to it.
Small motorcycle that is barely visible off to the left with a shiny headlight.
An oven with an open door.
A black open countertop oven.
A lunch tray with a small yellow container.
the bottom right tray with a salad in it.
apple partially out of frame.
A green apple resting on a cutting board beside a line of three other green apples.
A guy in navy shirt trying to reach for the frisbee.
A person in all blue clothing trying to catch a disc.
A white dish containing raw carrots.
A white bowl with carrots and another green veggie.
A pair of skis being worn by a woman in a pink jacket.
Skis worn by women in middle wearing a pink coat.
A metal fork to the left of a plate.
A fork on top of a napkin sits next to a white plate that has a sandwich on it.
An apple with a Union Jack sticker.
apple with red white and blue sticker on the side.
Black and red plaid chair.
sofa in a hall.
baby in bathtub with toy held up to mouth.
A baby in the tub with a toy in his mouth next to another baby.
A little boy in a green shirt giving the thumbs up sign.
A blond boy wearing a lime green t-shirt.
blue color chair in the right side of the image.
a Blue Chair on the right end of the table.
The man that is batting.
A white male baseball player with a blue hat, white outfit, who is holding a bat in front of 2 other men.
A child wearing a purple snowsuit.
A child is dressed warmly on skis.
A person in a hate on a wooden bench.
A person in a black jacket and tan hat.
Girl in brown shirt with ponytail holding hands.
girl in brown shirt playing with other girl.
The horse with the white down the front of his face.
The horse that is being cared for by two people.
A little girl with colorful whales on her shirt.
A girl with whales and fish on her shirt making a sandwich.
elephant in the left side of the image.
An elephant that is being ridden by a man wearing a ball cap.
a vase.
A yellow vase with a green rim and ornate flower designs.
A woman is holding a horse's harness at a fair.
The horse eating grass with the blue feather.
A baby wearing a black and red shirt grabs an index finger.
young child in a high chair.
Older gentlemen in a brown jacket slicing a cake.
A man cutting a cake.
umbrella of the person petting the dog.
A multi-colored chair behind two children playing a video game.
The multicoloured seat close to the boy in a blue shirt.
the chair made of wood.
An empty wooden chair.
the first picture of a man hitting a tennis ball.
Tennis player on the left.
platform on top of a truck.
the truck's machine that says efs.
MIRROR AND ZEEP.
In the side mirror I can see the reflection of the truck.
the piece of sandwich to the left of the fries.
a piece of layered sandwich in front of other pieces.
The main motorcycle.
the motorcycle has a saddle for a seat.
Short haired woman in long sleeve blue shirt holding a star shaped pastry.
A woman in a blue shirt holding up a pastry with her left hand.
back of traffic lights.
The lights facing away.
A close up of a giraffe's face with an ostrich in the background.
Head and neck of the giraffe in the foreground.
the bird in the front.
The bird in front looking left.
A tan colored love seat with jungle pring and two pillows.
A sofa closest to the window.
A woman in a white sweater.
the person standing behind the girl.
The half of the sandwhich which has not been bitten.
Half a sandwich furthest from the pickle.
A GIRAFFE STANDING NEAR BY A BABY.
A giraffe looking at a woman with a child.
The vase of flowers by the toiler.
a plant in a bathroom.
A little girl with blue eyes getting her hair combed.
A girl getting her hair braided.
the lady in pink.
Woman wearing a pink jacket and carrying a pink umbrella holding hands with a man carrying a blue and white umbrella.
a dark biplane flying in the clouds with another one behind it.
A dark plane flying in front of another plane.
a large square pizza with green sauce in a criss cross pattern.
a squared shaped pizza like food with green dressisng on top.
Baby elephant walking on dry dirt picking up a leaf.
baby elephant.
A white cake with a number 1 candle on top.
A single layer cake with white frosting with a #1 candle in the center.
A giraffe that is looking directly at the camera.
The tallest giraffe in front of the highest part of the mountain.
A woman in a dress near a cake.
The woman in the wedding dress.
A gray cow standing next to another cow in a busy town.
A gray cow with a collar around its neck.
A person clad in blue sleeves assists a chef by removing foofoo off a wedding cake so it can be sliced.
All of red faced player.
A person with a red and black face.
The right half of a meaty sandwich.
sandwich half that has more meat visible.
The body of the adult elephant.
The animal on the far right.
Farm animal standing next to a fence on the right side.
Blurry image of boat just above the white boat in the front of the picture.
the loading dock to the left of the boat.
the child in the left most side.
boy playing in the left side of the image.
A young girl in a black hoodie falling off the couch.
The girl has a black sweat shirt on.
The red chair that is second from the left.
the red chairs on the left of the dog.
man wearing a white shirt to the left of woman i pink.
the man playing tennis next to the lady in pink he's wearing a hat.
boy dressed white color t-shirt.
Boy eating banana looking at camera.
A car going in the opposite direction from the other car and tow truck.
a car driving in the opposite direction of another car and an adjacent truck.
A boy holding a baseball bat.
A baseball batter.
A child not wearing glasses, holding a bear with a red shirt.
The boy on the left.
handicaped person.
A person in a red coat standing behind someone's outstretched hand.
a home plate umpire getting ready to call a pitch.
The umpire.
a red colour bus in the road.
Front of the red doubledecker bus closest to the curb.
A bottle of wine with a red and white label standing by itself.
The wine bottle to the right of the person shown.
Two zebras put their heads on each other's backs.
A red and blue old bus parked in a parking lot.
A blue bus with red trim around it's windows.
table with no chairs and nothing on it.
a table in a hall.
A large black sidewalk planter.
a plant in a black planter in the corner.
The zebra the leaping cat is going towards.
The zebra furthest left who is partially obscured by grass and you can't see it's head.
An empty, parked boat.
A small, empty boat to the left of the boat that has several people in it.
empty green vase.
a small green flower pot.
A woman wearing pink cradles a small, black-and-tan dog in her black purse.
A woman in a red shirt carrying a black bag.
Blurry image of a man wearing black clothes.
man in background wearing black jacket and glasses.
A fake slice of pie made out of cake.
icing shaped like a piece of pie.
a black and white cat lying on its side.
a black and white kitty sprawled out looking into the camera.
Half of a sandwich on a white plate behind it's other half.
A half of sandwich with a piece of meat in the middle.
A giraffe in a field to the left of a fellow giraffe.
giraffe standing behind another giraffe.
A ASH COLOR JACKET WEARING LADY FACING A MAN AND SPEAKING WITH HIM WITH HER COLLEAGUE.
Woman wearing a hooded jacket.
the sofa near the windows.
The chair with the throw pillow sitting in front of the window.
the chair on the right near the door.
The bar stool that is closest to the doorway.
The giraffe closest to the car.
giraffe stands in zoo.
The first plane which is ahead of the other two planes.
Airplane in the sky, in the middle.
FOUR ZEBRA STANDING POSITION.
The head and body of the second zebra in line.
The snowboard under the woman.
The snowboard of a woman doing a jump.
slice of chocolate cake.
the chocolate cake in the right hand picture.
hot dog closest to glass.
a burger in the plate.
The back of a person on a motorbike wearing a black helmet.
Back of a heavy person sitting on a motorcycle.
woman in yellow shirt.
a woman with a yellow shirt and blue jeans is touching an elephant.
A giraffe, in the background behind another giraffe, eating leaves from a pole.
maroon armchair by window and lamp.
Brown love seat on left side of room.
refridgerator.
A refrigerator with decorations on it.
A MAN IS STANDING WITH A BEER BOTTLE IN HIS HAND.
A man holding a beer.
An android mobile phone switched on display with others.
the samsung phone on the far right in the group of phones.
A bunch of bananas in a bowl.
A bunch of bananas sitting in a bowl.
unbitten circle buttered piece of bread.
a muffin with nuts in it on a plate.
a plastic bowl containing pasta salad.
A bowl of pasta salad.
A kite with a humorous image of a person using mummy bandages for toilet paper is flying in the sky.
the red kite with the mummy on it.
A remote control next to a coffee cup that is used with a Pioneer system.
A gray remote to the right of a coffee mug.
a horse in the back chasing another.
horse running in backside of the image.
slice of stuffed pizza on a tray in front of 2 cups of sauce.
A slice of pizza on the front of the tray.
giraffe in back behind left one.
Woman with black hair dressed an black swim suit.
a woman in a dark swim suit.
the bottom grey oven door of a double oven stove.
The lower storage drawer under an old countertop.
A woman wearing a white shirt.
the lady wearing a tan shirt and khaki pants.
A white bird with speckled dark spots, behind a piece of wood.
A bird standing behind another bird.
A girl behind another girl on a horse.
A girl sits behind another girl on a horse.
Front half of a big buritto.
the left half of a wrap.
Bottle with the name Lumier on it.
full perfume bottle.
A picture of a woman tennis player in brownish red dress just before hitting the ball with a backhand next to a same picture of herself.
picture of owoman swinging at ball on the left.
A zebra with another zebra eating grass.
Zebra standing behind another zebra with its head up.
plain bottom right.
white Japan Airlines plane.
A racer in a white and grey uniform and a white helmet.
A rider in silver gear is riding a black motorbike.
A large yellow train sits on the tracks.
the front part of the yellow train.
A banana pointing a gun at another banana.
BANANA BUNCH ON LEFT.
boy in red shorts on one foot.
Boy wearing red shorts standing on one leg.
The bovine facing left.
A tan colored cow standing on cement with a darker cow.
A man in black pants skateboarding.
A man doing tricks on a skateboard.
A yellow chair at the dining table.
A yellow color dinning chair is very closely to the camera.
The edge of a bed with items sitting on it.
A white bed with baggage on top beside a second bed.
Woman in blue spaghetti strap tank next to young girl in pink top.
A woman with full black tops.
A pizza pie with one slice missing is in front of a person with a Purdue t shirt.
The partial pizza next to the man with the gray shirt, that says Purdue.
And elderly woman celebrating her birthday.
A old lady wearing glass near the cake.
A baby zebra.
baby zebra.
the man in blue shirt.
man in blue working.
A woman in a brightly patterend shirt.
Woman in floral print long sleeve shirt sitting behind a kid with scissors.
A white and blue and orange double Dekker bus on the road.
A white blue and orange double decker bus.
small pizza with olives in the background.
A large pizza with olives.
A moustached gentleman in a white and red shirt.
a man in a yellow shirt inf front of a cake.
A woman with blonde hair looking out a window at giraffes in the wild.
A woman with white shirt travelling in a vehicle.
Two heads of broccoli.
Left side of a snow covered parking meter.
Parking meter on the left.
A black motorcycle.
Black sport cycle waiting at the night.
the white boat on the right in the right hand picture.
A white boat.
A statute of a girl.
woman on right.
A girl in a red and white dress.
A woman in a red and white dress with black jacket.
A boy in a blue and white top and tie is looking at the boy in blue talking.
Boy in a blue striped shirt with a black and blue and white tie, looking at someone with interest.
A pitcher of beer.
A WINE GLASS IN THE TABLE.
the heavy truck passing the road.
The truck outside the window.
The real cat.
A tabby cat standing next to a book.
A blue motorcycle.
The blue motercycle.
a black and white computer being used.
The laptop sitting in front of the guy wearing the white shirt.
A man in the desert throwing a frisbee.
Man.
brown piano with lid closed.
A glass of water kept near the fork and spoon on the dinning table.
glass of ice water closest to the camera.
Man on the right holding the glass.
A man wearing a hat holding a drink in his right hand.
The front end of a red bus to the right of two other buses.
A bus on the far right.
the dog in the middle.
a dog seeing the foods.
The shorter gentleman on the left who is holding his tennis racket in front of his chest.
an older man stands holding a tennis racquet.
A parking meter, this one is to the right of another parking meter and a bit further away.
parking meter closest to silver truck.
Player standing behind the pitcher.
Baseball player in the background.
The left orange in a fruit bowl.
orange on left in bowl in photo on right.
man in red and black jacket.
A smiling man sitting at a table with a piece of chocolate cake.
The cow that is on the left side of the truck.
A cow with more white on its face.
A young girl looking intently as she is taking a picture.
the girl with the camera.
leather two seat couch, with a red pillow and the corner edge of a glass table.
brown leather couch next to the half wall of fthe entry way.
A man with a red hat.
A man in a red hat leading some cows.
A man wearing a striped sweater.
The reflection of a man in a suit.
A man image in the mirror.
A boy keeper wearing the black teashirt and facing to the camera.
A player behind the other two players waiting for the ball to catch.
the man in blue jeans.
A person in blue jeans standing in front of a chair.
right side of the cut sandwich.
The right half of the sandwich.
A woman with brown hair, wearing a gray jacket and blue jeans, standing behind a table that has wine on it.
A woman with dark hair wearing a jacket.
The measuring cup with a spoon in it.
The measuring cup with the spoon in it.
black remote control.
a cat jumps to catch the milk being squirted at her in her mouth.
A light-colored cat, standing on two feet.
A black man in a blue shirt.
the man in black standing behind the boy.
A brown chair sitting the farest from the brown curtain.
The chair to the left of the table.
black ski on the mans left shoe.
A chair covered with cloth next to a table.
Towel draped over chair.
the table in the background to the left of the bird in front of the tree.
The empty park table directly behind the bird.
A fast food meal on a red tray.
A meal of hot dogs, french fries, sauces and a beverage.
The boy with the blue jacket standing behind a girl.
Two people standing together facing away from the viewer, one of whom has a blue jacket and glasses and the other has long hair.
a giraffe next to a fence.
full body of a giraffe and head present from second giraffe.
a white glass bowl.
the plate holding the odd looking cranberry bread sandwich.
A blonde-haired man with facial hair who is wearing a white shirt, black vest, and black tie.
A man with longer curly hair, wearing a loose tie.
A dark brown table next to a lighter brown table.
Dining table with a plant on it.
The young girl on the front of the surfboard.
child in front of adult.
A man wearing a red shirt.
A boy wearing red kissing an older woman on the forehead.
Green Train with number 6 on it on railroad tracks.
the rail with the number 6 on it.
middle cow.
Silver spoon on the right.
the silverware on the right side of the dessert.
a girl in pink sitting with another girl in pink helper play a game.
A girl in red.
Girl in Blue shirt and Black shorts playing soccer with other children.
A girl with a pony tail playing soccer.
A rectangle tray of food to the right of another tray.
container of food including carrots.
A tall blue and yellow bus.
double decker bus number 2A.
back of mail truck.
The back of a US postal service truck driving down a street.
A man with a blue color shirt sitting on a table.
Man with glasses in a light blue polo shirt sitting on a piano chair looking at a fish eye lens.
girl in green.
Older woman in light blue shirt and hair tied up in bun.
a white table.
A white color table.
Chair that hold a pillow that you can see all of.
A chair with brown fabric holding a green pillow, sitting next to a table with an orange napkin.
a steel stick with two black circles on either side.
handle of vacuum cleaner.
a tennis racket being held by a girl who is not wearing sunglasses.
A black tennis racket with white markings.
Black metal and dark wood park bench sitting on a cement slap next to green grass.
The bamboo plant under the cabinets to the left of the woman.
A tall potted plant.
the parson behind the umbrella.
the cat on the left that is partially brown.
A brown cat looking at a screen.
A woman with earbuds in looking at her phone.
A woman wearing a halter dress with her hair pinned up and earbuds in her ears, looking downward.
the hot-dogs in the basket.
A hot dog and bun in the basket closest to the camera.
A person in a white shirt.
a person in a white shirt.
A black suitcase next to a garbage can.
A black suitcase with a small sticker on it.
a clock reading 8:50 on the left side of a wall.
Peron with short blak hair and glasses wearing a black shirt and handling luggage.
A person with a black shirt with a red logo on it, holding a cardboard box and surrounded by a lot of black luggage at the airport.
a plate with green leaves on it.
A green plant on a porcelain dish.
A man brushing his teeth, not facing the camera, looking at his reflection in the mirror.
The face of the man not seen in the mirror.
Man playing on his phone laying on a table getting a tattoo.
A man getting a tattoo.
A donut with a loopy decoration.
The donut with the frosting circles.
the zebra hiding behind the trees.
The zebra partially hidden under the shrubbery.
teddy bear with cap near to eyes.
the lower left part of a white table.
White and tan horse watching the cameraman while standing beside the gray horse.
The lighter of the two horses.
Several florets of broccoli and sticks of celery.
A box with broccoli in it.
The bigger elephant.
A large elephant behind a much smaller elephant.
Bunches of bananas containing a lot of bananas per bundle.
a table covered with newspaper and bananas.
A round table with a white table cloth.
Table with white tablecloth.
Man who is mad he lost his game.
a man sitting on the floor.
A parking meter closest.
The top of a meter closest to the camera operator.
The chair at the end of the table closest to the wall with the square painting.
The chair closest to the window.
A person that's whole body is facing the right.
woman in blue shirt.
A Girl wearing blue colored top holding a spoon in her hands.
A man wearing a collared shirt and glasses holding a tray.
The man wearing the fedora.
Second zebra from the left.
third zebra from the right drinking.
purple candle.
Purple candle in clear glass jar.
The pole with an umbrella.
The pole with an umbrella.
A man in white holding a white towel.
person with towel on head.
the catcher wearing blue gear.
PLAYER IN BLUE.
Large knife blade.
the big knife.
person in the blue top.
Lady looking down to her laptop and typing.
Pizza wan going on the road.
A pizza food truck parked at a gathering with other food trucks.
A woman jockey wearing riding gear showing her horse.
A WOMAN HORSE RIDER WITH STICK AND WALKING WITH HORSE.
hand holding bottom part of a hotdog bun.
The hand holding the hot dog.
Yellow surfboard held up by the man in the middle.
yellow board.
The horse with white legs and a large white spot on its side.
A brown, black, and white horse running outside.
Teddy bear sitting between a little boy's legs with telephone receiver to its ear.
a stuffed animal being held by a toddler.
a sheep looking down.
A food item between others.
A middle aged woman playing Wii.
woman holding her arm straight out.
The small vase needs to have some flowers in it.
A decorative vase that is missing flowers.
A brown and white horse to the left of the white horse.
A small horse with white marks on its face.
The arm of the man standing behind a child reaching around with a toy.
A father helping his son brush his teeth with a tigger toothbrush.
A white airplane on the runway.
The white and gold plane.
A keyboard on a wooden desk.
A keyboard on a desk.
a baseball umpire.
An umpire with his hand near his face.
a stuffed dog on the back of a person wearing a red jacket.
A silver lifeboat.
The small white boat in the water next to the large one the woman is standing on.
sheep in middlr of picture.
The middled sized sheep to the right of the left most sheep.
A white red and blue airplane in the sky next to 2 other planes.
A child with a gray scarf loking at a phone.
Young boy.
A maroon sedan driving around a plow truck.
A maroon coloured car going in front of the truck on the road.
a parked black suv with a roof rack.
The black car the man is skateboarding past.
A woman in a black tank top.
Woman wearing a black spaghetti-strapped shirt.
The man whose left leg and arm are only seen.
A yellow and white train.
A white and yellow train on tracks facing the camera.
A large screen on the wall.
The television on the wall.
a man in a green shirt eating a banana.
man eating banana in green shirt.
A woman in a green shirt and blue jeans flying a kite.
A person in a green shirt and blue jeans flying a kite with a friend.
a food on tabule.
a meatball sandwich.
The adult cow walking on the beach.
Largest brown cow.
A blue and white food truck.
A man wearing mostly red.
The man's red shirt has three x's on it.
An Air Tahiti Nui Airoplane with a blue color on its upper body.
An blue and white airplane with Air Tahiti Nui written on the side.
The chair being sat on by the woman in the white shirt.
Some sort of pizza bread with toppings inside.
Calzone type food next to knife.
The policeman on the black motorcycle.
Person riding a blue moped next to a yellow moped and in front of a blue car.
A silver SUV that is clear of snow.
A grey small SUV parked on a snowy parking lot.
a man with a black coat, glasses and a black and gray hat is watching a baseball game.
A man with a long black coat wearing glasses.
the grass umbrella covering the guy in the hawaiian print shirt.
A woman with brown hair and an orange sweater.
A person in an orange sweater is standing beside the stove.
a boy on skis wearing a white and blue snow suit.
A child in a grey snowsuit and skis, in front of a lodge and next to an adult skier.
a wooden chair off to the right.
A brown corner of a table.
A tennis racquet on the ground leaning up against a fence.
A tennis racket on the ground.
Bicycle parked behind the lady near camera.
silver bike next to lady.
A brown coffee table near a couch and a chair.
a light brown wooden living room table with a newspaper on top.
A baseball player wearing blue and white standing on a base.
a baseball player in a blue and white uniform guarding a base.
The doll that is next to the small brown doll.
A beige teddy bear in a group of other teddy bears.
A brown horse standing next to a white horse.
Brown horse with a blue lead rope.
a man talking a phone.
Man talking on the phone sitting on the far left side of a couch.
The woman in black walking away from the camera.
A woman wearing a black dress crossing a street.
a person with glasses.
A MAN WEARING SPECTACLES, PUTTING ONE HAND ON TABLE.
The woman in an orange top.
A white woman wearing a bathing suit, orange shirt and yellow hat.
a woman sitting on the grown with an orange and black bathing suit.
the second horse  from the front.
There is a table with plates and utensils.
the table.
Three yellow bananas with brown spots.
Bananas.
lady looking at glass.
Person looking in the mirror.
The face and the body of the white sheep looking out the slats of the fence.
The lightest sheep standing at the end next to the brown sheep and whose head you can see.
A brown horse with a bright white tail.
A brown horse with a white face, in front of two other horses.
a women sitting on bench in brown t-shirt is talking in mobile.
a heavy african american girl sitting and talking on her cell phone.
the food with the brown sauce.
Cooked vegetables with a brown sauce in a white container.
bus below blue flag.
The second bus in the row of three names Jacquet.
A brown duck standing still in the water.
First bird on the left standing straight and tall.
blurred white stick.
top of the table without a remote on it.
the person on the far right in the right hand picture.
A woman without any electronic devices.
A United airplane with a blue tail sitting on the runway.
large united airplane with blue tail.
A man in a white shirt.
A chef wearing white and a hat cooking in the kitchen.
A black vase with a picture of a man riding a horse.
A vase with a man riding a horse.
An elephant with both tusks visible.
A row of benches in the dugout.
The black and white chair that is sitting next to the potted plant.
A white and grey patterned seat with a small gray pillow on it.
Bus followed by cars in traffic.
a big van is behind a row of cars.
A boy pushing a bike.
A boy rolling the cycle by walk.
The man sitting on the left.
The man with the grey coat buttoned up sitting down.
a blue surfboard sitting upright.
A blue surfboard pointing toward the sky.
The giraffe behind the first giraffe.
Giraffe behind another giraffe.
A man in teal pants sitting on the far right side of the blue seat.
Some sort of fighter jet in the sky flying along side two other fighter jets; it is the biggest of the three.
A plane that is bigger than the other and chunkier.
The cabinet with glasses on it and board with nails on it.
The partially assembled desk in the center.
The couple enjoying birthday party.
A man and woman at their wedding cutting the cake.
The cat with the red leash.
The cat with the red leash around it.
A young boy chasing a ball.
little boy chasing a soccer ball.
A girl around  six years wearing pink frock and light blue banian holding a tennis bat.
A girl holds a wiffle ball bat.
A cow with a white face stares towards the camera behind a barbed wire fence.
A cow with a white patched face.
Two cooked sausages.
Old woman with blue pants and red flowers on her shirt.
person left side.
A person wearing a grey sweater and blue jeans and a black messenger bag.
Man wearing a gray jacket.
A person wearing a hat.
Guy wearing a hat and grey shirt.
container full of fruits on right side.
A bowl of mixed fruits.
A man sitting down with a black shirt,.
A man in a dark shirt and shorts having a meal with a friend.
an army truck driving down the road.
a mility truck in the road.
an all brown horse next ro another horse.
Brown horse that does not have any white on his face or head.
The table the woman is sitting at.
Table in foreground.
An upside down in motion skateboard.
scating board under the jumping boy.
A baby zebra with brown and white stripes looking away from his mother.
Baby zebra standing on a dirt road.
pizza.
pizza decorated.
The bench in the back on the right.
The bench under the woman in a white tank top and white hat.
A glass on white wine second from the right.
Boxcars lined up on far left track.
The train, on the most left.
A tennis player in a blue shirt.
A tennis player wearing blue.
The table being eaten off of.
the circle table with the hand holding a hot dog.
The half of the sandwich on the right.
The right half of a sandwich.
A brown straw basket.
a brown bread basket behind and to the left of the cake.
A bench that is laying on the ground.
A bench on which the guy is operating the skate board.
A brown folding table with a red cup and a projector sitting on it.
A folding table with a red cup adn water bottle on top of it.
man in red jacket.
A man wearing blue jeans and a red jacket.
person in army clothes.
person in army fatigues.
A catcher and an umpire crouching behind a man with a baseball bat.
An umpire crouches behind the catcher.
a computer monitor in an office.
A white crt screen.
Half of a sandwich with an orange toothpick coming out the top of it.
the tiny half of the sandwich with an orange toothpick in it.
The largest phone out of four.
A palm pilot.
A young brown dog with its mouth closed.
A dog with its mouth closed.
A woman pouring wine, a wine glass, and a basket are all within the red square. The woman is wearing an apron.
the lady is giving alcohol to man.
A little child with hair clips gets into a drawer.
A kid whose hairs are being clipped by a child in a bathroom.
the one who seats behind the wine glasses.
A dark brown cow.
A dark brown cow.
Boy in black and white shirt.
a boy in a striped shirt.
A fork with a blue wire sticking out of it.
Fork on the right.
a patterned blue bus seat next to two feet.
A seat on a bus that has the right edge of a suitcase resting on it.
Man wearing a blue shirt standing.
A pink bus with passengers boarding.
A pink bus on the street.
Book on brown pant leg.
second persons pamphlet.
a wicket keeper catching the ball.
A catcher at a baseball game wearing red.
a man wearing a blue shirt skateboarding down a concrete slope.
The skateboarder to the left of the green sign.
the red skiboard.
a red snowboard on the feet of the man doing a headstand.
Train car with orange tarp.
TRAIN BODY COVERED.
a red, white, and blue airplane.
airplane with blue underside.
The big black and white dog.
The black and white dog.
Twirled piece of shaved carrot in the front of the picture.
A long, wide and very thin ribbon like carrot located in the left front of the picture.
boat.
The boat and all the stuff in it.
DOG ON LEFT.
the black and brown dog laying on the bench.
A chocolate flavored cake in square shape with red flower like topping.
A chocolate frosted cake next to a white frosted cake.
A woman with white boots on a silver and red motorcycle.
a woman sitting on byek.
right hand sandwich.
A meatball sandwich on the right side of the counter.
the sheep closest to the dog.
lamb on right in front of dog.
A bus with headlight and two wheels visible.
A bus in front of another bus.
A zebra with a  showing its back with a tail.
The two zebras facing each other.
BAND MEMBER IN GREEN SHIRT.
The man in the green shirt playing the cello.
A white pitcher beside a black vase and a planter.
a glass pitcher.
The bear that is darker in fur and staring at the other bear.
a bear lookign at another bear.
A  peice ofsandwidch in the plate.
chicken salad sandwich on wheat on white plate.
a white toilet behind the other one.
The baday next to the toilet seat.
A woman in a pink and white hat about to go skiing.
a woman in a blue jacket with a pink hat on.
blue cot the boy is laying on.
A giraffe that is taking a drink of water.
a giraffe sipping water.
A large apple slice in a green container between two other apple slices.
An apple which cutted into piecies.
A silver hatchback car.
Silver car moving on the street across from the Barnet Police Station.
a seated balding man dressed in blue and orange, smiling at the camera.
A guy wearing blue jeans and a Hawaiian shirt sitting on a couch with a dog.
Young girl watching another play Wii.
A woman sitting wearing a white strapped top.
A small bull with horns pointing outwards standing behind another bull.
Chair on the left front side of the fort that's visible and closest to the wall.
the chair on the left.
A kneeling man wearing a gray jacket.
A man holding two cell phones in front of a Christmas tree.
A man wearing all white.
A man in white holding a tennis racket.
woman with pink sweater and glasses sitting in the middle.
A woman in a pink shirt playing Nintendo Wii.
green bench.
A dark car on the other side of the street.
A man wearing a blue shirt.
A man in a blue shirt holding a wii controller.
Tennis player in the blue shirt is about to shake hands with the other player.
A man in a blue shirt.
hand left side.
A hand on a dog's head.
the closest bench to take a seat on.
A bench is in front of the brick wall.
One hand crafted wood boat in between two other wood boats in a giant lake with a view of a mountain.
The middle boat.
Boy with black hair staring off the image.
A boy wearing black, sitting to the left of a girl in an orange shirt.
A brown dog lying behind a black dog.
A tired dog laying on the ground.
Man with glasses and wearing a green striped shirt.
A man with glasses sitting down.
The partially hidden black keyboard.
a boy barefoot flying a kite.
Young boy with white shirt and blue shorts flying a kite.
the first bike from the right.
A bicycle on a pickup truck held by a man.
bicycle in truck.
A man with a baseball glove.
A person wearing a baseball glove.
A pink kite flying in the sky.
Pink color kites flying.
A girl withput a cap looking down.
A man standing in front of a truck.
A man in shorts standing in front of a truck.
A woman holding a beer eating.
The woman with the pink shirt is eating.
this is an elephant to the right of another elephant.
Front-most glazed doughnut.
the zebra to the far left.
Zebra which is extreme left.
A bald man in a gray jacket holding onto a pole.
A man in a blue jacket getting off of a train.
these are housplants in the left side of the room.
A bushy houseplant sitting next to a desk.
FRUIT SYRUP BOTTLE ON TABLE.
Torani Raspberry syrup bottle.
black wheeled luggage with silver handle.
A BLACK TRAVEL BAG NEAR ITS OWNER SITTING IN ANOTHER BAG.
A blue truck along side a green bus.
A blue truck behind the green bus.
The shaded legs of a person behind the bench and tree.
legs in background.
A girl in a pink and yellow dress.
A woman in a pink, black, and yellow dress.
GIRL CUTTING YELLOW PAPER.
A girl in a blue shirt.
the coffee cup with a pattern not a character.
A white mug to the right of the others.
Man with glasses sitting to the left of the woman.
a man wearing glasses to the left of a woman in a white shirt.
The larger boat that is tilted a bit to the side.
The big boat that is tipping downward.
cabbage in blue and fried things next to it.
The small sandwich with salami on a honey bun.
The sandwich made from a roll and piece of salami.
Hands holding a sliding flip phone.
A young woman who is standing by a building and talking on a cellphone.
The woman in black outfit.
A park bench unoccupied.
A weathered park bench in the foreground.
A gray colander sits on a plate.
A ceramic bowl.
Half full glass of white liquid, center right.
A glass of milk that is half full.
The stuffed animal in the red clothing.
Stuffed bear in red jammies.
A balding man eating a sandwich on a bench.
A man in a blue jacket eating a sandwich.
A batter in a red shirt.
a man hitting a baseball in a red shirt.
the woman who is holding the black umbrella.
A woman wearing black, holding a black umbrella.
A zebra in front of two others.
The zebra whose face is visible.
the burger in which coriander leaves are visible.
One half of a sandwich that has been cut in half located closest to a bowl of rice and beans.
Man dressed in a black sweater adn blue jeans.
A man stands by, his hand close to the policeman's hand resting on luggage.
man in jeans laying on the ground.
A man sitting down with his legs stretched out wearing jeans.
woman holding up shirt that says we make the magic.
the woman on the left.
Man in white to the right of other men.
The chef nearest the to go boxes.
A young blonde haired boy in a yellow shirt and white and gray plaid pants standing on the beach with legs spread apart.
A boy in a yellow shirt.
Truck which is missing driver door.
The Jeep on the right that no doors.
A person in the background with glasses watching his phone.
The boy wearing glasses.
A man who is skeiing is standing in front of another man.
the skier in front.
vegetables in the tray of the right most side of the image.
vegetables on the tray in the right most side of the image.
a white haired man wearing a blue jacket.
An older man wearing a blue jacket.
A bird in flight.
A bird with a wide wingspan flies low over the water's rippling surface.
A pepperoni pizza that has a pair of scissors sitting on it.
A pepperoni pizza with scissors on it.
A zebra standing out in the sunlight, away from the other zebra.
The zebra on the left.
An empty chair at a table, partially blocked by wine bottles.
Soilder holding little girl.
A man with a kid on her lap.
The oven underneath the oven with the open door.
A silver unopened oven.
Man on the left in the dark jacket holding a shovel.
A man in a dark jacket holding a shovel.
A glass of wine next to a monkey balloon.
glass with water in the right side of the image.
A stop sign is stationed at a four-way crossing.
stop sign.
The front of a candy train with a large white rock candy sticking out the top.
The front car of the candy train with steam shooting out.
A girl with a injury hand.
A girl with fracture.
A blurry motorcycle with no other bikes behind it.
white motorcycle.
A child wearing a green hat and puma shirt.
A boy wearing a blue shirt.
The white truck with it' door open.
the white truck in the right hand picture.
A man with long brown hair in a white shirt bending slightly over.
Standing lady.
two bananas left of the drinks.
Two yellow bananas to the left of the glasses.
A BOY BABY EATING  OWN AND WEARING YELLOW COLOR DRESS.
A baby sitting in a highchair eating a snack.
The black and white poster of the woman on the wall.
A poster of Audrey Hepburn on the wall to the right of two people.
A man wearing a baseball cap talking on the cell phone.
The man on the cell phone.
The bed that is on the left side of the room.
A bed covered with a white sheet with a padded wall to the left.
White horse standing behind the black horse.
Horse standing behind another, along a fence.
smallest laptop.
small laptop to the left with small window open.
Pitcher on the mound.
A baseball player pitching.
A white bowl of dessert.
A skateboard with white wheels.
The skate board the woman is standing on.
A wooden spoon in a glass bowl of brussel sprout and carrot salad.
a white spoon kept in white bowl.
the piece of luggage that is black and is on top of the orange suitcase.
The black bag on top of the orange suitcase.
A woman holding a camera.
a person in  green top taking a photo.
A toilet with the lid down.
Piece of broccoli within a broccoli and pasta dish.
gray bench you can only see a little of.
the white bench that's barely visible in the bottom left of the photo.
The appliance between the grills and the cookie sheet rack.
A fryer sits in a kitchen.
The white computer monitor in the background.
A computer monitor on the left.
A man wearing a blue shirt and bluejeans looks at kites.
A man in a blue jacket looks to the right.
A bunch of bananas next to passion fruit.
a yellow banana with some slight bruising.
the bowl covered in plastic.
A plastic cup full of green vegitables.
A woman with her hand in the Frisbee Golf holder surrounded by two other men.
lady on left.
A black and gold vase that is to the left of another.
the vase on the left.
the zebra in the middle.
zebra in the middle of the others.
a giant teddybear with a happy Halloween sign.
bear on right wearing Happy Halloween sign.
A wooden drumstick to the right of another drumstick.
a man standing near a car.
A man wearing a gray and black short-sleeved shirt and sunglasses with his hands in his pockets.
A large sandwich triangle between two biscuits.
A BROWN COLOR COW SHOWING BACK TO WHITE COLOR COW.
A brown and black tennis racket with a black handle.
A black and orange tennis racket with a purple shock absorber, being held by the girl with the red skirt.
The batter.
A baseball player swinging.
A baby elephant playing with a soccer ball.
Baby elephant playing with a ball.
A black and white baby cow.
A black and white calf laying in hay.
A small wooden table placed at the end of a longer darker one.
A bottled beverage, napkin and silverware across from a diner in a restaurant.
Comic book with a man, woman and space dog on the cover.
a comic book laying on the carpet.
the closest animal.
The closest sheep.
blue-and-white umbrella held by someone sitting on a bench.
A blue and white umbrella.
PIZZA IN TABLE READY TO SERVE.
A pie with a black topping.
White coffee cup on saucer,.
A cup of hot chocolate.
man on a couch.
the man watching the scene.
A monk that is third in line.
The monk right behind the monk holding the umbrella.
A WOMAN IN GLASSES WEARING A BLACK DRESS.
A woman sitting on a couch with glasses, wearing a black dress and purple stockings.
A small giraffe.
A short giraffe standing on the left hand of a taller giraffe.
the girl texting.
A woman in a black coat looking at her phone while sitting on a curb.
The zebra that is barely seen.
the woman wearing red and holding a child.
A woman in a red shirt, holding a child while she points to the elephant.
A silver pair of scissors with a curved tip.
A man in black on skis.
A snowboarder in dark green clothes.
The boy in the yellow and red shirt.
A boy in a yellow and red tie dye shirt using a pipet to put something in a vial.
The black tray on the far left.
food container on the far left.
A pizza with one piece gone.
A pizza on the table.
bananas in green food coloring.
horse on right.
The horse closest to the parked car.
tractor.
A blue tractor.
A BLACK AND WHITE ZEBRA DESIGN TENNIS BAT.
A black and white racquet next to a yellow racquet in a fence.
A man driving the bike with teethy smile, while the other man holding him from back.
Man smiling while driving his motorcycle.
a woman looks to her left.
a woman in a white shirt and blue jeans sitting on the arm of a chair.
the shorter giraffe next to the taller one.
a small giraffe.
A man ina brown shirt.
A man in black pants and a brown shirt riding a skateboard next to a blue SUV.
A brown, mother bear walking beside her two cubs.
The big, brown mother bear that is walking with her smaller bear cubs.
The white screen that is to the left of the three green tennis court screens.
the white screen to the left of the green wii menu screens.
cut up banana on a piece of brown bread.
The bananas on the piece of toast.
AN AEROPLANE WIHT MOON AND STAR SYMBOL IN THE TAIL.
An airplane is parked behind two other parked airplanes.
An older man with glasses sitting at the table with his hands crossed.
An elderly man wearing glasses sitting at a table.
A bed's footboard across from two small tables.
bench closest to the tables.
Pizza in the middle section of the photo, left of the pasta.
The pizza with white sauce.
A hand holding a knife.
Man holding knife about to cut wedding cake.
patterned placemat under the plate of food.
A placemat with flowers on it.
the cross walk sign box below the word TESLA.
The street signal box below the word Tesla.
an empty used white bowl in front of a homemade pizza.
a cup on tabule.
the chair closes to the camera.
the chocolate covered donut without a hole in it.
A donut that is fully covered with chocolate on top.
A man wearing olive cargo shorts next to another man wearing sunglasses.
a gentleman with no shirt and beige shorts holding a tennis racket next to another gentleman.
The fork.
steel fork on the right bottom corner.
A spoon to eat a barbequed meat.
A fork is there on a plate.
2 asian guys playing wii.
The boy with glasses is standing and leaning back playing a video game.
Snowboarder in colorful jacket and black pants in the middle of a midair trick.
a guy skatting with his skatting board in indoor.
Smaller giraffe that is eating.
A giraffe with grass hanging out of its mouth.
A bird standing to the right of two others.
The furthest away bird.
An African American child smiling and staring at a woman directly next to her.
Girl smiling next to woman getting her hair brushed by another girl wearing eyeglasses.
a black buffalow drinking water in blue basket.
the cow drinking in front of the people.
motorcycle closest to gas prices.
the motorcycle closest to the yellow sign with prices.
A dish of coloured food in the bowl.
A plate of fruit salad with other dishes on the tray.
man with red shirt is tagging a runner out in a baseball game.
a man in black shoes and blue cap.
A man in white helmet playing baseball.
A man in a red baseball unpire uniform.
the computer monitor on the left.
The white monitor that has a water bottle next to it on the shelf.
Army green purse on a red rug on the floor.
A beige hand bag made of canvas.
A white toilet.
A white toilet.
the red tray in the right hand picture.
A donut with a big hole in the middle.
man on skateboard.
The man on the skatboard.
A large sheep under a tree.
A ram with a black and white face looking at the camera, standing next to a large tree trunk.
A number 8 soccer player.
Player wearing a blue jersey with the number eight.
Upright standing sheep with ears back and tongue out, looking to the right.
A sheep with all four legs visable.
A person on skis wearing a mask.
A man on skis with his scarf on his face.
A blurry glass of wine.
The Mother in the gray sweater holding her son as they watch the elephants.
A woman in a grey striped shirt holding a boy.
A glass of water with ice.
A glass of water next to two beer bottles.
Nokia phone which is completely kept on the laptop keyboard.
the phone that is stacked on the bottom.
A large red, white, and blue boat carrying vegetables.
A red and blue long boat loaded with produce.
A glass full of dark liquid.
A cup of coke beside the can.
PERSON WITH BLUE JACKET.
skier on far right.
A skier in a blue jacket, standing beside two other skiers.
a glass bowl of salad on a table.
The tossed salad with eggs looks delicious.
BLACK COUCH.
A blue love seat is shown with a red pillow sitting on the cushion.
A woman sitting in a chair.
a women sitting the chair.
A motorcycle  is risen by a man and 2 kids the man has a red shirt.
A moped that has three people riding on it.
A white cat with grey patterns.
Gray and whit cat playing inside.
A blue motorcycle next to a woman in jeans.
a byek on foot path.
A zebra facing to the camera.
A girl laying in the show wearing a red jacket.
A skier in red.
A photo of a cat on a computer screen.
the picture of the cat on the computer.
The soccer player in the yellow uniform with #6.
A man wearing orange and green plays soccer.
The edge of a white sink in a bathroom.
The sink basin to the right of the toilet.
The tennis racket the person in purple is holding.
A tennis racket in the hand of a woman wearing blue.
shirtless male laying on red board over water.
The man who is laying on his red surfboard.
The woman, in the background, behind the fork the waiter is holding.
A blurry person wearing glasses and looking right with back to photographer.
a mans blurry back.
glass of orange juice in background.
The table that the little girl is not sitting at.
the giraffe in the front.
A young giraffe standing upright in a field.
A man and woman riding on a stationary bike together.
A man and a woman are sitting on a bike together.
A purple toothbrush.
A giraffe among the three looking to the right side of the screen.
fruit wender.
A man selling fruit.
Woman wearing orange pants.
A red-haired woman with sunglasses pushed up in her hair, sitting at a table.
Top of cruise ship Queen Elizabeth.
A top of the ship with Queen Elizabeth writing on top.
The VW van waits at the line.
A black car by some horses.
A man in a short sleeve white striped shirt with a tie witha wound on his forehead.
black tie of zombie in front.
woman on monitor screen in upper right hand corner.
A woman with black hair bowing on the television screen closest to the camera.
A hand paying for food.
Man's hand holding coins.
A white bed near an open lamp.
made beds in a hotel.
A bot in a blue baseball shirt and white pants tagging another boy.
The catcher with the number 3 on his shirt.
A white haired old lady wearing a grey coat and black pants.
the white chair facing away from the camera.
The white chair further from the window.
Bloody mary.
The glass facing the camera.
An adult polar bear with a young cub almost in a cuddling position in captivity.
A large tan bear is in front of rocks behind a small bear.
A red color umbrella hold by the person.
The red and black checked umbrella.
The wooden chair to the left of the other chair.
The head of a chair in front of the back porch door.
A little girl holding a Nintendo Wii remote.
Girl in pink playing wii.
black skateboard under skater wearing black pants.
Skateboard under black pants.
an electric wheelchair.
A motorized black wheelchair.
A coffee cup next to a bowl of soup.
The white full mug that has a clear plastic utensil in it.
a black snow board with orange letters on it.
The black and orange snow board.
A blurry polka-dotted umbrella held by a woman.
the darker blue umbrella.
A man wearing glasses holding a pink bag.
A white man wearing a tan button down shirt with a white shirt underneath and dark pants putting items into a pink bag.
An empty bench next to two people on a bench.
An empty park bench alongside a walking trail next to a bench with patrons.
Man with beige shirt on facing towards televsion and away from the camera.
A man in a tan shirt and jeans playing the Wii entertainment system.
A tennis player examining his racket.
The tennis playing holding a racket.
The elephants head and trunk.
elephant looking at camera with a harness strapped to its back.
The pizza being held by the woman.
A pizza that is being held by a smiling woman.
the farthest goat.
A sheep's back.
The iced object on the left, with the m and m's.
The confection with white frosting and 3 candies on top.
The woman in black.
the girl standing up and playing wii.
The zebra who's face is completely unobstructed.
the zebra closest to the camera.
A smiling man in a suit holding hands with a bride.
The man.
A blue, yellow, red object adorned chair is sat in by a woman wearing black.
Small giraffe standing next to larger giraffe.
the small giraffe.
The bear in the middle, it is the largest bear in the photo.
A brown bear crossing a road with two younger bears accompanying it.
The guy sitting down in the white sweatshirt.
A man wearing a white jacket sitting and watching a skate boarder.
the left lower doughtnut in the right hand picture.
Only the top right portion of this white frosted donut is exposed.
A man in a blue shirt standing up.
The man who is standing and watching other three people.
Person acting as the catcher.
A catcher wearing black.
The tennis player on the right.
A man in a white shirt has a tennis racket in his hand, and he is about to hit the ball.
a pink cell phone.
A handheld messaging device with purple protective covering.
Two men trying to catch a frisbee.
A man reaching for a flying frisbee, but falling short as another man reaches further.
A wicker chair with a bird perched on it.
a table holding food for four women.
A gray and blue train with green doors on its left side.
silver and blue train with green doors.
A head of a man.
A man sitting with eye closed for hair sitting with black hair.
The man in the white shirt next to the computer screen.
Man next to laptop monitor.
biggest zebra.
A big zebra.
A portion of broccoli on a plate.
Broccoli on a white plate.
The pizza crust is on the table.
a piece of pizza that is on top of the table without any plate.
A small boy in orange color dress standing as the goal keeper.
A boy wearing an orange sweater standing in the goalie position playing soccer.
Spoon in the rice bowl.
a spoon in a bowl of tuna.
Measuring cup with yellow substance in it.
Measuring  cup full of an orange substance.
The taller boy with darker hair.
The taller boy to the right of the boy swinging.
giraffe with head not over fence.
The giraffe in the background who is completely upright that has its mouth moved slightly.
A mess on a couch.
banana on the left.
bananas.
A horned sheep facing the camera looks at another sheep.
The sheep on the right looking at the sheep on the left.
middle black jet plane.
black and tan fighter jet in the middle.
A fork next to a stack of pancakes.
The fork laying beside the pancakes.
skis.
A grey office chair with a cat sitting in it.
A gray office chair.
Man in collared shirt playing video game.
A man in a dark blue shirt.
The chair nearest the dog.
An arm chair furthest from the wall.
A pepperoni pizza on a silver tray.
A slice of pepperoni pizza.
A black sofa against the wall with a guitar case on it.
A black leather 2 seater couch.
A person's arm reaching across the dinner table.
An arm reaching across the table across from a woman in blue.
A brown horse carrying a rider to the right who is wearing a white vest and holding up a gun.
A diagonlly striped necktie being knotted around a gentlemans collar.
a tie that is in the process of being tied.
A woman in a black shirt holding a yellow cat in front of a pool table.
A woman holding a cat.
bottom part of a black and white cat.
The lower half of a black, white, and golden cat showing its legs gripping onto a metal bar, and its underside.
The person wearing all black that has a large blue ring on.
A person in the background wearing a ring and on a phone.
Woman with red shirt and glasses bending over.
Women in purple shit and glasses put pizza in oven.
The empty glass next to the salt and pepper shakers.
A CLEAR GLASS WITH BLACK STRAW THAT IS EMPTY.
The guy with blue pants.
A hand holding an HTC phone.
A person's hand holding a phone.
The pedesterian traffic signal on the left.
crosswalk sign that faces left.
A bullock is turning head and see other bullocks.
A light brown cow standing in darkening field with other cows.
An adult man in a black shirt and blue shorts playing tennis with a little girl.
a man was playing tennes.
The skateboard that is in the air.
Airborne skateboard being ridden by man in black outfit.
a woman with white t-shirt and black jeans shot.
A woman with a white shirt and blue shorts stands near a counter.
A large blue train by the woman.
blue train.
A brown and white giraffe eating from food from a hanging wire cage.
A giraffe eating from a hanging feeder.
A black baby goat.
A small black goat.
A small sandwich with two piecs of pink meat sticking out and to the right of another sandwich.
man with suit standing up.
A man in a suit on a cell phone not looking at the man who is about to throw up.
Part of the sandwich which is on top.
A person sitting on the right side of a bench.
A girl with dark hair sitting to the right of an elderly woman.
The person in the blue shirt whose face is not visible.
This is a blue pillow in the background of the photo.
A young man wearing a white shirt and black pants standing outside and talking on a cell phone.
a person wearing the white colour baniyan.
A women skiing.
A person skiing down a hill, wearing a black and blue jacket.
A table with no food.
The nearest part of the table with wine glasses and crackers in a bowl.
A table covered in wine glasses.
A woman holding a knife and a fork in her hands at the table.
A person holding a knife and fork.
A tall tree nest to a large mirror.
tallest palm tree like plant near mirror along back wall.
This is a black chair.
A slatted chair with a woman in it.
A man holding a pizza hut shaker.
A man with glasses.
A glass of sauce that is on a plate.
The clear glass filled with thick red juice.
White table closest to person in pink shirt.
table that has 5 cups.
a blue sofa with a pillow on it.
A blue sofa with a watcha and green pen on it.
A man in a light shirt playing frisbee in a grassy park.
A MAN PLAYING THROWING PLATE WEARING WHITE COLOR TSHIRT.
The slice of pizza being lifted up.
The left side of a raw pizza.
the person behind the wave and dogs.
man in water.
Two old women smiling.
A woman with brown hair wearing a beige and brown top and light pants.
white cat.
A cat looking down off a stone bench.
A sandwich with a blue toothpick sitting next to a bowl of soup.
An asian lady in a white shirt.
Only the woman in the shirt with red stars, smiling.
The shortest giraffe with his head close to the steel structure.
A small baby giraffe looking over a metal gate.
the side of a green and red train.
The train with the dark burgundy painting around the windows.
A gentleman in a black shirt playing Nintendo Wii.
Man in a black shirt on the left holding a wii remote.
The women is holding her cellphone.
a girl clicking on her mobile phone.
A tan purse on a shoulder of a women.
tan purse.
An empty chair next to a man in a white shirt using his cell phone.
An empty chair next to a man in white.
Picture on left, girl tennis player.
The pastry with peach filling.
A donut with white frosting, and yellow-colored fruit filling in the hole.
A man squatting holding a bow.
man with bow.
a man wearing the baniyan.
Man with beard in a striped shirt standing up.
The sink that is furthest away.
The sink basin closest to the urinals.
Zebra in the middle with it's butt facing the cameara.
zebra faceing backwards.
a man in a blue shirt.
A black duffle bag.
an old lady.
the woman on the left.
An Apple laptop near a water bottle.
An apple lap top near to a water bottle on the table, in front of man wearing a black baniyan.
A BABY GIRAFFE IS STANDING NEAR A BIG ONE.
A small elephant next to a much larger one.
A faded and worn light wood bench with iron legs that also form arm braces.
wooden bench in the image.
A woman in a black coat and tan boots touching the back of her ear.
A woman wearing boots and a long black coat with three buttons.
Currently unused parking meter with number 4 at the top and 5 at the bottom.
The parking meter with the numbers 4 and 5 on it.
A man posing as he is skiiing.
Skier with arms raised triumphantly.
woman with hands in bowl.
A woman in a hat.
a man standing on the right side of a room looking at a screen.
the youngest person playing wii.
a man is brushing his teeth by holding with a kid on his hand.
A man holding a baby and brushing his teeth.
The man holding the suitcase above his head.
A man walking wearing khaki pants and a grey sweater around his neck, carrying a  red suitcase on his shoulders.
A plane with a red and white stripes on the tail.
Long airplane with a blue strip down the side parked first in a sequence of planes.
woman holding boy.
woman holding baby boy.
The white truck on the left side.
A white garbage truck following a motorcycle.
There is red colored truck in between the other trucks.
A shiny red vintage pickup truck.
The hair down the zebras' necks.
The giraffe in the front eating from a dispenser.
Two giraffee eating together.
Blue umbrella.
A blue umbrella.
a hand in banann.
A banana that is half open.
A young beginner skiier learning the slopes on a bright sunny winter day.
a boy with blue and green pants.
dog that is on the leash.
A dog with a black leash.
shortest boy in the image.
A little boy in a blue jacket.
A sheep being pet in the grass.
A Sheep about to eat.
The plane with the orange stripe and black words.
A small white plane with orange and white stripes towards the bottom of the body.
teddie bears under a blue blanket.
A blue cover.
A big elephant behind another big elephant.
Elephant in background facing away.
the back legs of the farthest chair at the closer table.
a close-up shot of a white cat's face looking sleepy as it lays on some papers.
Face of a sleepy cat nearest to the camera.
A large boat.
the canoe on the far right.
The apple on top to the left of the other apple.
The blurry apple to the left of the front apple whose stem is showing.
a man was in red t-shirt.
A man wearing a red shirt and cap is talking to another man.
The table to the left of the dark brown chairs that has a single bag on it.
The stand next to the shoes on the floor and the counter, that is to the left side of the chair.
A girl with light hair smiling in the backseat.
A woman in the back of a car.
Black laptop in the left of the man.
delicious role.
the crust of the pizza closest to the person.
A giraffe in the middle of the other two giraffes.
giraffe in the middle.
Bowl of fruit with browning bananas and oranges.
A bowl of fruit.
The jumping man in a white shirt.
a little white girl.
A young girl with a missing front tooth and a bobbed hair cut is smiling.
legs with white socks and black pants.
a mans feet in white socks.
young Asian male wearing glasses, white tee shirt and black pants standing on a green tennis court.
Man without a hat on.
Water bottle with sip spout sitting behind a tissue box.
a water bottle with a blue label.
The little boy wearing the stripped shirt sitting down and looking at an object in his hands.
A KID USING MOBILE PHONE.
A baby in a pink shirt sitting in a lap at a table.
A young toddler blond girl in a pink shirt sitting on a woman's lap.
A man in a suit with a pink tie.
a man in a grey suite wearing a pink tie.
A black haired Asian man wearing a blue dress shirt.
A man kneeling on bed who is wearing a blue shirt.
A laptop computer that has the lid open in the center of the desk.
A laptop computer sitting on a table with a bunch of desktop monitors.
An elephant that has yellow shirted man on it.
An elephant with a man riding atop it.
A young woman holding an umbrella outside of a building.
A young beautiful girl wearing black.
Red chair.
A red, unoccupied chair.
bright pink stuffed animal being held by a young gir.
A pink stuffed bear with blue eyes being held by a little girl.
an unoccupied wooden chair.
The large wooden chair.
A big passenger bus.
A red and white bus.
Shortest design.
A white and brown vase on the right of two others.
The fathest left giraffee.
A mother giraffe standing with her child.
Stoplight sign with yellow light in front of another stoplight sign.
A traffic light lit yellow.
A small boat at right top of the image.
A blue and white boat on the ground.
A boy standing showing his bare body and wearing black nicker.
A guy with only black pants.
A man in green on a motorcycle.
The cat to the right.
A cat on the right, with left paw hanging down.
The whole double-decker bus, with the route number of X25.
The airplane with the logo 'Atlas Air' on the side.
An airplane.
a purple toothbrush.
A purple toothbrush in the background.
the lady in white shirt.
woman drinking wine.
the third player of the row from the front.
A basebal player standing with blue sleeves and no facial hair.
The table holding all of the food.
Apples, eggs, potatoes, green pepper, and an orange are on the wooden table.
The bowl holding the fries is white.
A tall houseplant in the corner.
A man with black swimming trunks is holding a red boogie board.
A guy wearing swimming trunks carrying surf boards staring at a wave.
The table the boy is sitting at.
Grated metal table with a boy sitting at it and a hat on top of it.
a men.
A man is standing in between two women.
A red colored car is parked in front of blue colored car.
The red Chevrolet that is parked in front of the blue smart card that is next to the fire hydrant.
A box wrapped in plastic.
An large, light-colored piece of furniture packed in cardboard and plastic sheeting.
A ORANGES NEAR BY A SMOKING MAN.
smaller pile of fruit.
A white horse attached to a buggy running in the grass.
A white horse pulling a carriage.
A man with an apron and hat on.
A man in a long sleeve white, stripe shi with a hat.
A sandwich with french fries, coleslaw and some meat.
A styrofoam container holding the bottom half of a burger.
a cycle with blue seat.
Bike parked next to moped.
A green mug behind the unknown dish.
A green coffee cup.
A plastic chair the view is partially blocked.
Sheep in front with a leg raised into the air.
Sheep being shorn in foreground.
zebra standing behind the other zebra.
the second zebra from the front.
A man on a lounge chair.
A man with a hairy chest on the computer.
The beige for explorer behind the bicyclist.
A parked grey Ford with a bicyclist in front of it.
white chair on left.
A white plastic chair underneath the mirrors.
White bowl with gold trim that holds diced peaches.
Sliced peaches in a white bowl.
The blue bear.
A blue teddy bear.
The couch on the left.
A brown leather couch with four throw pillows resting in its corners.
A rider in blue standing behind a horse.
A person with a blue shirt standing next to a horse.
A houseplant to the right of a television.
the plant with the most leafs on the right.
A toddler in pink with a hand in her face.
An infant in pink.
A close-up of a horse's head.
A horse with a white mane.
a apple with less sryup.
The blue car.
The car the no people are shown hanging out of.
man in grey shirt hugging another man.
Man in long grey shirt and dark cap.
The bag is hanging off the bike handle.
Surfboard rack on bike.
Bottom banana in the bunch.
A person with a blue hat standing to the right of a man in black.
The person in the blue jacket wearing a baseball hat.
The red motorcylce.
A red motorcycle parked in an enclosure.
Blue pick up truck.
A blue truck with a very detailed paint job .
dirty used electric toothbrush head above other toothbrush head.
the toothbrush on top.
A goat standing whose right hand side is fully visible.
a man with black and white striped t-shirt.
A person in a white and black striped shirt with black hair behind a person with a blue shirt.
A red bus with a vampire advertisement on it.
Bread on top of sandwich.
Top doughnut.
The child wearing an helmet and holding a skateboard.
A boy wearing a blue jeans and helmet holding a skate board in his right hand.
A giraffe looking to the left behind another giraffe located to the left of two more giraffes.
A giraffe standing in a fenced area to the left of three additional giraffe.
A woman standing with both hands on her hips.
A girl standing on the right hand side  with long dark curly hair with her hands on her hips.
a young soccer player in orange and blue about to kick the ball.
A boy in an orange shirt and blue shorts kicking a soccer ball.
A black computer display next to another white display and keyboards.
computer with black screen background.
the suitcase on top of the stack.
A blue suitcase sitting on top of a stack of two other, larger blue suitcases.
A table with two glasses of wine.
teddy toy in glass.
Woman with sunglasses and sleeveless leather jacket riding on the back of a motorcycle.
A woman sitting on the back seat of a motorcycle.
yellow colour bus cross the road.
Very blurry yellow bus in the very center.
The bowl of peaches.
A bowl of sliced peaches.
Reddish-Orange livingroom couch with four pillows and a throw blanket.
An orange love seat with four pillows and a white blanket.
A small slice of yellow fruit to the right of 3 apple slices.
The player in the white shirt.
A female tennis player in a white top.
the five orange segments towards the front.
Orange sections lay pulled apart some in front of the plate.
A giraffe standing up tall with his neck paraell to the tree in the front.
A giraffe in front of another giraffe.
top pic of oj.
Glass of freshly squeezed orange juice sitting on the table next to the white towel and plastic bag.
a black and silver plane inside a big building.
A blue and white airplane with three small circles visible on the body.
Yellow city truck with tailgate down and worker standing beside.
A yellow pickup truck next to the man.
A man standing in the back.
a man's arm with a tattoo on it.
A baby with a blue bib on.
A child wearin a blue bib, sitting at a table.
A white cup of brocolli cheese soup.
A cup full of beverage.
Woman snowboarder.
a woman with a snowboard sitting down on the hill.
the boy on the right with the red shirt.
Man eating doughnut with woman.
A brown and white horse staring over the back of another horse.
the back white and brown and brown horse head in the right hand picture.
yellow bag.
A yellow bag hanging from the shoulder of a woman in a yellow shirt.
A man in blue vest is playing with skate.
Guy in turquoise shirt skate boarding.
The smallest elephant.
an elephant to the left facing another elephant.
the skiier with the black helmet.
A half of a pizza with a bucks of green broccoli near the bottom cut.
The hore in the front, with the yellow part on his stirrups.
The horse with a yellow cloth on its back.
The pizza pie that is almost whole on the tray.
A plate with some food including lots of capcicum.
the elephant on the right in the right hand picture.
Elephant on the man's leftside.
A zebra with its mouth open.
A zebra in a grassy field with a look on its face that makes it seem like it's smiling for the camera.
the skis of the person on the left..one ski lifted.
skating board of the man in the left side of the image.
Man in blue snow boarding gear.
The man with the blue hat and blue jacket.
2 carrots.
The two carrots in front.
a pb&j sandwich on a plate.
A peanutbutter and jelly sandwich on a plate.
The end of a motorcycle beside a red motorcycle.
A cheese pizza in front of another similar pizza.
The Margherita pizza in front.
the person in the middle.
the man in the middle.
The catcher, squatting directly behind the batter.
A person catching in a baseball game, in front of the umpire.
A toilet that is very wide.
The biggest toilet they've got!.
Women riding a bicycle.
A woman in a red shirt riding on a bike.
partially visible person ducking behind counter.
a woman bending under a table.
empty dining chair.
There is any empty chair at the table.
Ugly floral couch facing the window.
Black and white floral couch.
A very large elephant with his trunk on the ground while he stands next to two other elephants.
The taller elephant that is behind the elephant on the right.
A man holding a bottle of water.
A man in a blue and white shirt and sunglasses holding a water bottle in his lap.
Spoon laying on an empty plate.
The spoon on the plate in front of the camera.
horse on the left in the right hand picture.
horse on the left.
larger elephant.
biggest elephant in the image.
There is a gas stove in the kitchen.
A black stove.
A woman wearing a wedding dress.
A bride cutting her wedding cake.
Empty table.
A table with nothing sitting on it.
woman holding desserts.
A girl with long blonde hair, looking down at a plate of assorted cakes slices.
The two people sitting together on the bench.
Zebra standing up against a large wooden fence made of posts.
zebra in the back side of the image.
Piece of bread closest to the cat.
Brown piece of bread face up.
A man carries a blue and yellow surfboard while walking with a group of other surfers.
A blue and yellow surfboard.
An orange within a pyramid of oranges, to the far right of the other oranges.
The orange on the table sitting farthest right.
A blue folding chair that is in front of another blue folding chair.
The blue netted chair that's closest to the camera.
Tool box with handle.
The plumbing tools are kept in a bag, that bag in a floor.
A giraffe with one ear cocked back, almost appearing to smirk at the camera.
giraffe totally facing forward.
Chair and pillow closest to red chair.
the chair in the center facing slightly to the left.
An elephant near a small child and a post.
An elephant facing a little boy.
A man with a black jacket smiling while holding up a snow board.
a man holding a snowboard.
A fork facing down to left of a fork facing up, with both forks being on the left side of the plate and image.
A man jumping mid air to catch a frisbee.
a person jumping.
This woman is wearing a turtleneck sweater.
The woman has a knife.
A man playing tennis.
A tennis player wearing red and white running to hit the ball.
a childs book on a bench.
A Tangerine Bear hard back book.
A bambo stool with a white cushion on top.
A white cushion on a chair.
A dish of broccoli, carrots, and cheese.
The food in the black dish.
the zebra in front of the car.
A black cow laying down with ears dropping down.
A black cow laying down.
a partially taken giraffe in shade.
a bag with umbrella and water bottle.
A car in the background of a delicious sandwich.
The out of focus white car.
tan couch facing the windows.
The laughing boy that's crawling.
Kid underneath.
A grey VolkesWagon.
The car.
Giraffe with lighter brown spots looking on towards the camera with other giraffes.
A large giraffe stands in a wooded area in front of two other, smaller giraffes.
A woman in a black t-shirt reaching for a frisbee.
A woman in a black shirt reaching out.
A motorcycle that can all be seen.
The motorcycle in the front.
A kid in a brown shirt.
the little boy in the brown fleece.
a mahou branded lunch cup.
The cup has Mahou written on it.
The elephant on the right hand side.
elephan in water on right side.
A dark table with many plates and cups sitting on it.
Table holding pizza, plates and cups.
front pizza sandwich.
slices of bread with sauce, cheese, and greens on them.
A dessert that is not in full view.
the only full back of a chair that is visible.
A wooden chair seen mostly from the rear.
A toilet where the eater input spot can be seen inside the bowl.
The front half of the sandwich.
BOY KEEPING FOR THE RUBY GAME.
The catcher.
The zebra on the left.
A zebra to the left of another zebra.
The slice piece of cucumber are arranged in order.
A container of food with cucumbers in it.
A man with donuts wrapped around his body.
A MAN STICKED DONNETS ON HIS BODY.
Two slices of pizza nearest camera lens.
Two bottom pieces of pizza.
A black and red kite with a face on it.
A black kite mid-aire with a pirate skull and yellow-brown tail.
The striped booth behind the boy.
striped back of the booth.
A woman sitting on a bench, looking to her right.
the person on the left.
the first monitor from the right.
screen to right of other screen.
Horse with jockey in yellow.
Horse with jockey in yellow and orange.
all of big plane except wheels.
A large jet plane with a blue tail tip.
Red skiis.
Red skis that the person with the yellow boots is on.
The second banana from the left sits next to a pair of pink sunglasses.
Second banana of four from the left.
A boy in a navy Nike hoody with his hood on his head.
a kid with Nike sweater.
Sushi rolls with white rice.
A bowl of sushi.
scientific computer.
A laptop with a keyboard app.
Front end of black sedan car.
The front end of a black car.
the little boy in a baseball uniform and with a baseball mitt.
A boy with khaki colored pants holding a baseball glove.
black cup holding the toothbrush].
A black tumbler with a blue toothbrush.
the whole, unpeeled orange.
unpeeled orange.
A full coffee cup sitting beside plate with fries and a sandwich on it.
A cup of coffee sitting on a saucer.
parking meter machine on right side.
BOX IN TE RIGHT SIDE.
the slices of pizza on the platter.
The pizza on the pan.
This man has a hand on his sons back so that he will not fall.
Somebody's hand holding baby in wash basin.
The motorcycle in the foreground.
A motorcycle pointed toward us.
The trolley the worker is standing on in the front.
A white train car carrying a man in a orange vest.
fountain to the left.
gray fire hydrant in left box.
bottom suitcase.
An old leather suitcase with stickers that were from a trip to London peeled off.
Large green bus.
A number 9 green transit bus is being driven on the street.
The vase in the front with the red big flowers.
White and floral painted vase.
a square topped vehicle.
blue van to the right.
A male skier wearing a grey jacket and black trousers.
Man on skis with poles in the foreground.
The left side of the hotdog tray tongs.
A bar with two high back stools up next to it with a green menu on top of it.
the mans legs.
A player in a yelow colour.
The young man is wearing a yellow shirt.
A blue coffee mug beside breakfast foods on a table.
black cup.
A blue car for which the stepny is changed by a mechanic.
the blue car.
zebra closest to front.
the zebra closest to the camera.
A small white wooden chair next to the table.
A white dinning room chair.
A brown bear sitting on top of a cake.
The brown bear on the left.
A woman in black sitting on a ledge.
A young woman in a black outfit smiling as she watches her friends cook.
pizza on the plate.
A pizza piece kept on the table along with few more snacks.
CLOSEST PLANE.
The airplane in the forefront of this image, nearer to the camera than the other plane.
a man with a racket in view holding out his hand.
A tennis player with another player behind him, both about to shake hands with someone else.
A woman with short hair sitting at the tennis game watching.
A man wearing white pant with blue shirt is sitting in the field watching the palyer.
Bald man in tuxedo and girl in black checked shirt posing.
a couple dancing a long a riverwalk.
A giraffe nestling up to another.
The shorter of two giraffes.
Half a body of a zebra.
A black and white zebra whose head is not seen.
Creamy spinach sauce covering a piece of chicken to the left of another piece on a plate.
The American Airlines plane furthest in back, the fourth plane.
red glass on left.
Transparent red drink cup with ice cubes next to dish of creamer.
The man in black and shorts with the luggage behind the woman.
A boy standing near a locker.
Bunch of bananas that is the smaller of the two bunches.
the upper right quarter of a piece of pizza.
A quarter of pizza on the upper right corner of the plate.
a small giraffe.
A giraffe standing near a tree.
a goose in center.
A goos between two other geese.
A blue, rolling suitcase.
A black suitcase leaning at an angle against a bench.
A mother elephant.
large elephant walking with small elephant.
zebra seen from behind.
zebra facing the fence.
a big woman with a pink shirt.
woman bottom right.
A man who is wearing all white and has a white hat on is standing in a tennis court.
An adult in tennis clothes.
An older woman standing behind a man with a blue apron holding a pizza.
A woman standing behind a guy in red shorts.
Boy wearing lighter clothes seated in front.
One boy is viewing in front sitting on the coir mesh chair with his friend.
The monitor of a PC that is on and is at its homepage off-line.
The green and while striped umbrella in the background closest to the woman eating.
There are number of bottles in front of three people.
A counter covered in wine bottles.
A woman with blonde hair playing frisbee.
A woman in a baseball cap about to throw a frisbee.
A green van is driving next to a bus.
A car next to a bus.
an empty seat in a car.
the seat the cat isn't in.
The top piece of bread the sandwich half on the right side of the plate.
A toothbrush with white, blue, and green bristles.
A green, blue, and white toothbrush in a container with two other toothbrushes.
A heavy-set white man with glasses, wearing a white t-shirt, and eating a hamburger.
Two men in a sitting at a table while one is holding a sandwhich.
handle of a carrying case.
A large brown suitcase, on it's side, with handles and clasps visible.
a young girl wearing brown holding pink phone.
A girl in a black jacket sitting at a table.
The smaller of the two clay pots.
the left pot in the right hand picture.
a man wearing black.
Man with black sweater.
The reflection of a little girl in the mirror.
The little girl's reflection of her sticking her tongue out.
man pressing buttons on a phone.
a man touching a cell phone.
The rear end of a brown cow standing in mud.
The back end of a cow that is positioned next to another cow.
a half of sandwich on left.
A piece of burger at the left side.
The center console the men are touching.
the middle giraffe standing with two others.
Giraffe standing between pole and other giraffe.
The chair closest to the dog.
the back of a blue chair beside a dog.
A man in a white t-shirt who is texting on his cell phone.
Person in white shirt in center of picture.
A child.
A small blond child looking at horses.
A zebra in the distance is eating in the pasture among the other zebras.
The completely out of focus zebra.
Footballer wearing a white jersey and shorts.
The man is the all white uniform who is kicking the ball.
The woman on the left.
A lady sips a drink along with her husband.
black laptop.
A silver and black opened laptop with black keys.
A zebra facing left with a giraffe behind it.
Zebra standing near a fallen piece of shrubbery leaning over eating grass infront of the giraffe.
A smiling man wearing a red tie with numerals 350 marked on it.
A smiling man in a suit and tie standing between two other men.
the child's set of feet in the top right photo.
feet with mismatched shoes.
A man catching in muddy water.
a man bending over an elephant in the water.
A chair with paint missing off the front bottom rung.
a white chair sitting in front of the first of 3 beds separated by a table.
Middle aged man with glasses and short grey hair.
A father giving his daughter away.
a woman wearing pink holding out her arm.
hand and leg of a person.
A woman in a plaid skirt walking out of a subway.
A woman with a red checkered dress who is exiting a train.
A father in glasses watching his son at the dinner table reach for a cupcake.
A MIDDLE AGED MAN BETWEEN TWO BOYS BEFORE THE DINING TABLE.
the lady giving the leaf to zeraffie.
A woman in a turquoise shirt.
The dude in a light pink shirt.
Man in white shirt and black apron standing behind produce.
A boy with curly hair and glasses.
A boy in a blue jacket that is wearing glasses.
A silver pan with a brown handle and white hook.
The small light silver pan on a flame.
a white, yellow and green NOKAIR jet sitting at an airport terminal with another purple, pink and white jet in the background.
White, yellow and green plane in the middle.
woman holding surf board.
white surfboard the girl carries.
A black pea coat jacket with a silver camera.
A woman wearing a black coat and a gray knit hat.
the four furthest oranges from the camera.
the 3 oranges farthest to the back.
A white truck.
A large white truck on a street.
A woman with bright red hair.
The woman in white.
The woman with the red bag.
Woman with red purse.
an empty glass next to a plate of food.
Tall glass of water.
A cream colored dog.
A dog that you can't see its face begging its owner for food.
A lady sitting in front of a man.
person on left side.
The woman in the red coat.
a woman.
The chair that is nearest to the refrigerator on the right hand side.
chair closest to refrigerator.
man sitting with black tie.
Asian man seated on left.
Zebra standing next to elephants' right leg.
The zebra closest to the elephant.
White color rectangle cake red color letters written on it.
A white cake sits next to the chocolate cake.
An older man with gray hair with Jameson stitched on jacket.
WOMEN IN RED STRIPE SHIRT.
A woman sitting at a table with black hair and and red and white striped shirt.
a man behind the vehicle.
A man standing behind a vehicle wearing a red cap.
umbrella.
The black umbrella.
A WOMAN WHO IS WEARING BLACK SHIRT BEHIND THE TWO MENS.
A woman with blonde hair wearing a black sweater with a green shirt underneath it and gray pants.
A woman in a grey jacket holding a wine glass sideways.
A woman with no hat and red hair, holding a glass.
Chair with back to window and the pillow on it.
chair closest to window.
chair the girl is sitting on.
The orange sofa the woman is sitting on.
A MAN WORKING WITH LAPTOP WEARING CHOCOLATE BROWN COLOR T SHIRT WITH JEANS.
A man in a brown shirt and jeans, with his hand resting on the touchpad of a laptop.
A curly-haired blond boy between two other children and a man at a birthday party.
The curly haired boy that looks sad.
A birthday cake with two carrots on it.
The cake with carrots on it.
An adult brown bear, swimming in a river with just it's head above water, facing the camera.
Brown bear in water looking at a tree.
a player walks out of the baseball diamond.
A catcher walking away.
A man holding a blue tennis racket.
A man holding a tennis racquet.
A green chair with a pillow on it.
The chair with the pillow on it next to the window in green.
A woman in a white shirt.
a seated woman in a white sweater.
Plant that is 2nd from the right.
the flower vase at the left side.
A woman is standing wearing a dress with yellow flowers.
A woman wearing a multicolored dress standing in from of the sink.
A dark brown wooden chair.
A slice of pizza to the left of the serving tool.
Entire slice of pizza whose crust is the highest up in the photo including the greenery in the middle of the pizza.
A grown man wearing a black back pack while skiing.
taller skier to the right.
man wearing black shirt.
The man standing at the stove.
a zebra in the wild with its baby zebra.
A zebra walking behind her young one on the grass with lots of trees.
giraffe standing in front of another giraffe looking right towards a tree.
A giraffe standing on the grass.
STANDING THE ELEPHANT IN STRAIGHT POSITION.
The elephant to the right of another elephant.
a glass of red wine on a table.
a glass of red wine by the pizza.
A woman with brown hair and glasses wearing a white sweater and gray turtleneck.
the woman in white.
A person in a striped shirt.
asian female standing next to an adverting while posing for a picture.
A blue couch that is to the right of a black coffee table.
A sofa which is to the right of the picture.
A brown horse bent over eating grass.
The lighter colored pony eating grass.
The zebra behind the container of grass made of wood.
A zebra who is under the circular leafs of the tree.
the chair behind the woman in pink in the right hand picture.
seat that the woman in the pink shirt is sitting on.
the adult hand with blue nail polish that's on the baby.
A hand patting a child's stomach.
A large metal pot in between two other pots.
A large pot sits in the middle of two other pots.
A red sofa with a red cushion next to the 2 green vases.
the couch on the right next to the vases.
A tan chair to the right of another chair.
Yellow chair to the right of another chair.
the blanket behind the cat.
The black and gray backpack laying face down.
A black and gray backpack on the floor.
elephan with ladder and rider wearing white.
Right elephant.
the glass of water to the right.
A glass filled with water.
A boy in a Superman t-shirt.
A little boy wearing a white Super-Man t-shirt.
A picture of a yellow and black parasail being flown by someone.
The sail in the water.
The dark arm with gold watch and the draped tan blouse standing behind the table.
A man with a white bracelet.
A standing sheep to the left of a sheep with its head in a fence.
old man waiting for food.
a man with light pink shirt and green sweater vest.
a holed burger bun coated with purple colour.
Donut sitting on wrapper coveredin chocolate glaze.
The third zebra from the left.
Third zebra from the left in the procession of four.
The brown horse.
BROWN HORSE PLAYING WITH ANOTHER ONE WHITE HORSE.
A plate of healthy food.
the keyboard of the computer on the left.
The black keyboard of a laptop.
A man in a white addidas sweater on a tennis court.
An older man wearing a white hooded Adidas sweatshirt stands along a green wall.
A toddler looking at a fire hydrant.
a boy was playing on road.
An orange, black, and silver buss with 'Circulator' written on the side.
UNION STATIO ORANGE COLOR BUS RUNNING THE ROAD.
a woman.
GIRL IN BLACK JACKET.
A man in the forest wearing sunglasses.
Man with sunglasses.
A few slices of pizza among a complete pizza.
Two slices of pizza sit next to a slice that has the tip cut off.
The skis of the young child wearing a helmet.
set of snowskis on the feet of a child.
The dress with the green top.
tank top and skirt on the mannequin on the right.
white colored bed on the left bottom corner.
A couch draped in white with a red pillow on it.
The oven on which the girl has her left hand.
A black and white microwave next to a white bowl.
Clock face pointing to the right.
Front right face of a 4 sided clock on a streetpost.
The large pink umbrella.
The pink color umbrella on the girl's right hand.
A large sheet cake with a black dog on it.
The white cake with blue, white, and green frosting in front of a woman wearing a black and read flowered shirt.
The airplane that's not being blocked from view by anything else.
a Delta airplane is about to board passengers.
A person walking and wearing a coat and a light blue shirt underneath.
A person in a hat and jacket walking down the street.
A blue and white double decker bus.
A blue and white double decker bus.
A baby elephant standing next to its mother.
Baby elephant next to larger elephant.
Pizza half served on the table.
Three fourth of a pizza on a silver pan.
A grey truck behind some motorcycles.
A grey truck.
A coiled up orange extension cord.
Orange cord behind the man's laptop.
A carrot stacked in the middle of two other carrots.
The middle carrot that's laying down with two other carrots, on either side.
A man in a hoody sweatshirt playing a bongo style drum in a band.
The man holding the drum.
Hands holding a cake.
hands of the person holding the cake.
a young man wearing a white shirt looking at a laptop.
boy with a 7 chain around his neck.
A man in a red/purple/green striped shirt and khaki pants.
A man in a multi-colored pattern shirt and khakis.
The nearest tennis player.
THE PLAYER  WITH CAP.
Girl with braids playing wii.
The girl playing wii.
A small elephant that only has it's back end showing.
The back half of a young elephant.
An elephant which stands in water carrying many people.
An elephant which comes first in the row and stamping into the water.
The torso in the background who is wearing a green shirt and blue jeans.
A man in blue jeans and a green shirt standing near a fence.
A small bed with an orange throw thrown across it.
a red bed on the right.
bicycle closest to door.
The bicycle closest to the gray mailbox.
A table with a small cake on top of it.
The countertop, cake, and plates that the people are leaning over.
A man crossing a stream of water.
A man wearing jeans and a green vest trying to cross creek walking on stones.
A baby riding a skateboard.
Toddler being held up by an adult whilst on a skateboard.
A girl having a pizza picnic.
Girl with long dark hair sitting on the ground eating pizza.
A table with a man's arm rested on it.
blue van.
A blue van.
a plate of pizza with tomato and capsicum.
The dish that is almost gone with tomatoes on it.
A blonde woman wearing black, sitting at a table next to the window.
A blonde haired woman wearing a black tank top is sitting at a table.
The person with the potbelly.
The man in the corner wearing a green shirt.
The brown patterned lunch bag and the pink strap.
A pink patterned bag in the middle of a school lunch table.
man with white shirt and black jacket.
actor with white painted face , wearing red tie.
White table chair with metal legs, with the seat facing the TV.
A white chair facing away.
A man wearing green, looking at a computer and holding a cell phone.
Man wearing green shirt.
The large black man wearing a blue and red Boston shirt and holding a baseball bat.
Big Papi in the batting cage.
an empty  black leather chair with a wood frame.
A wooden chair with an empty back.
a flower in the nearest cake.
red flowers in foreground.
An adult cow walking along the ocean's edge.
A cow walking on the beach at sunset with her baby following her.
The skier in the red jacket.
Skier in the red coat.
A girl in white shirt.
Woman wearing a white coat.
the motorcycle on the far right.
right most police bike.
The fluffy teddy bear that is visibly in contact with the black blanket.
Dark colored teddy bear lying in a bed beside a dark colored doll.
a woman wearing a white sweater.
A girl in black and white.
A large picture of teddy bear in Christmas outfit reading a book.
A large bear in profile with both feet fully exposed.
A helicopter  with  number 9 is flying over the sky.
The No. 9 plane brings up the left-rear in the formation.
A black shoulder bag.
BAG.
A man with a tie around his face, like an elephant trunk.
The young man has a blue tie around his face.
A baby Elephant standing next to some mud.
a small eliphant.
baby giraffe eating.
shorter giraffe.
A man eating a sandwich.
A young man in a gray shirt, eating a sandwich and working on a laptop computer.
A man in a black shirt and blue jeans.
a man in black.
A man sitting with a yellow hat and black shorts outside the fence.
Man with yellow hat sitting on the rail behind the fence.
A blurry image of a bird.
the bird on the right.
A man in tan pants and a gray shirt sitting on a sofa.
A man with gray clothes, black shoes, and glasses relaxing on a couch.
A person sitting on bench with hood over face.
A person sleeping while sitting on the road bench.
A cow eating grasses.
The cow furthest to the right of the picture.
A man in a red shirt.
the red shirted guy that looks like Sheldon from The Big Bang.
A child in a yellow shirt.
person in yellow.
A black Mercedes Benz car.
A black car parked ahead of a meter.
A zebra sticking it's head inside a vehicle.
A zebra with it's head in a car.
A woman in a white dress.
the brides right arm.
The entire pizza except for the larger slice at the bottom of the pizza.
A person taking a picture with a phone.
A man holding an iphone in a brown shirt.
The left part of a submarine sandwich sitting on blue and white checkered paper.
Sand which half on the left.
The tallest brown and white giraffe in the giraffe pen looking at two smaller giraffes.
the tallest giraffe standing in the sun.
Zebra standing up staring tot he right with a tree branch partially blocking it from clear view.
A zebra with its head upright.
a turned off computer screen.
COMPUTER SCREEN FAR LEFT.
The darkest cow.
a black calf is behind 2 brown calves.
A woman who is wearing white color hat.
Lady in tan hat & matching dress.
high chair seat back cover.
Green high chair seat cover.
The baseball umpire is crouching behind the catcher.
Umpire behind the catcher.
a man performing a stunt on a skateboard.
A man in blue jeans and a white t-shirt riding a skateboard.
Man.
The male chef with a white hat.
Small teddy bear is beside the larger teddy bear.
skinny light brown bear sitting in the chair.
A carrot on the top most of other carrots.
man with thumbs p.
A man wearing a black bracelet, giving the thumbs up signal.
a baseball player carrying a trophy.
the man in front carrying a trophy.
Zebra on the left.
A zebra eating grass in front of two other zebras.
Happiness of a person to wear tie by another person.
guy on the left.
The girl in the purple shirt.
A woman in a purple shirt holding a pizza.
Woman in front not holding the umbrella.
the woman not holding an umbrella.
Cup on the right.
the coffee cup on the right.
A green colored quilt under a book.
the green and dotted quilt.
An elephants hairy trunk.
it is an green color chair.
A bright green chair back.
a blonde woman in gray and black outfit playing the wii.
woman on right.
A white bike with a black seat locked up on sidewalk.
A bike with a white frame.
A man and women hugging under an umbrella.
A man i white shirt and white pants hugging a woman.
a man on skis in a tan jacket.
A skier in black pants and a white jacket with a green hat.
A man in khaki shorts and a blue shirt holding a boy in his arm.
Asian man in a blueish grey shirt holding a kid at a skate park.
The closer white chair.
A child in a yellow and red jacket.
girl wearing yellow jacket and a blue hat holding a pizza.
chair close to yellow bag.
The outermost right hand chair in the photo. It is front of the bag that says "Je Suis".
the back of a person in a black shirt and dark jeans.
a person dressed in dark colors at a work function with his back turned.
A bottle wrapped with violet with other bottles.
a bottle which is covered by lilac color wrap paper & muscat baileya 2009 printed on that.
The child in the stroller.
A child wearing a jacket riding in a red stroller.
apple in fruit bowl.
upper portion of the table in which the flowers are kept.
A decorated table in which wedding cake is arranged and placed.
baseball player, with adidas shoes black with the 3 white stripes wearing a red batting helment.
a man was playing.
A baby looking at the camera.
A BABY OPERATING LAPTOP HOLDING BY HIS MOTHER.
A man taking a photo next to a train.
A man standing in fron of a passenger train holding something in his hands.
Elderly person in a blue poncho and wheel chair getting pushed around.
A PERSON IN A BLUE RAIN PONCHO IN A WHEELCHAIR.
an elephant with its baby.
An elephant protecting a baby elephant.
light brown dog solidly colored.
A small fat brown dog in a group with other dogs.
a bench the woman in the blue sweater is sitting on.
Chair with seated woman.
A giraffe looking over a fence at a brick building.
The giraffe in the background looks over a fence.
white truck with dent in the door.
A white truck in front of a yellow truck.
a fishing boat on its side on the beach.
The row of bleacher seat the starbucks cup is sitting on.
A wooden bench with coffee on it.
A bunch of orange carrots stack.
A basket full of carrot.
car on right side front.
A white car parked behind a van.
Longer of the two buses.
A bus in a demolition derby named jerry rigged.
A sportsman with printing number twenty on the white overcoat.
A row of wooden benches behind the person.
a green and red book cover.
book lying face down on a table.
A pan being filled by a man in a red shirt.
Broccoli above eggs.
Black Sofa behind the Kid.
The odometer of a motorcycle being ridden down the road by someone you cannot see.
The front end of a vehicle behind the man.
There is black colored car parked beside the language holding man.
A baseball player in a white jersey hitting a ball.
A baseball player in a #9 white uniform with a black cap swinging a bat.
A light blue patio umbrella is leaning slightly while closed.
A blue unbrella.
TWO SPOONS LAYING ON A TABLE NEXT TO A PIE.
A man wearing a white t-shirt and a black bermuda with a helmet on his head.
A man in white skateboarding.
A partially visible black laptop open on the table.
pile of carrots.
a table of vegetables.
Guy wearing a backwards baseball cap riding a skateboard.
The man with one foot on a skateboard and wearing a hat.
The bench next to the bench with the bird on it.
A chair placed in second of other chairs.
Red and white checkered tablecloth.
table with cloth.
Woman in a red ski suit on the snow.
A YOUNG WOMAN IN ALL RED ON SKIS.
a cat tail on a green blanket.
Small piece of a cat is seen walking on the couch.
A canoe with two purple planks in it.
Row boat with purple rails inside.
The woman with the tan and white shirt.
A young woman waving her arm about, cheering a sporting event on t.v.
The big yellow dump truck with another truck right behind it, both trucks in the picture.
The large trucks fully shown.
A motorcycle with chrome finish, a helmet hanging off the right handlebar and two headers running out to the exhaust.
A parked motorcycle with a helmet hanging from one of the handle bars.
A man holding a stuffed bear and a sign.
A man holds up a sign and a stuffed bear.
cup of vanilla ice cream.
Small cup of vanilla ice cream with spoon.
orange behind the bannana.
An orange in a fruit bowl.
Black leather office chair.
A large office chair behind the desk.
empty clean glass.
A clear glass sitting beside two pizzas.
A girl in a red striped shirt.
Girl wearing red and white shirt.
A relection of a dark-colored automobile.
Reflection of black car in window.
large green train car in front.
The front of a large green train.
a motorcycle with a person sitting on it.
the motorcycle that the man is sitting on.
A striped cat curled up in himself.
cat on left.
A LADY TALKING WITH HER MOBILE PHONE AND TOUCHING HER RIGHT HAND ON HER COLLEAGUE PHONE WEARING BLUE COLOR SLEEVELESS T SHIRT AND BLUE COLOR HEAD BAND.
A woman that is wearing a blue shirt and light blue headband.
The back side of a woman in a striped sweater.
A person in a striped sweater standing at the kitchen counter cutting items.
Light brown horse.
There is one thin brown color horse with white hair is eating the grass.
man with green shirt standing beside horse.
An older man in brown shirt and tan slacks carries a brown paper shopping bag.
Brown wooden chair against a white wall.
An empty black chair.
a  women wearing white and pink colour dress seeing in their banana.
Girl pointing at bananas.
woman on the horse.
a woman in a pink dress riding a horse.
A kid in a blue shirt.
A child wearing a dark shirt and dark shorts.
The knife.
The knife on the plate.
mini black bicycle.
Black bicycle with basket and a dual kickstand.
All of the broccoli EXCEPT the left most piece.
broccoli on top of chicken.
A man wearing a red top and white shorts playing tennis.
A tennis player about to hit the ball.
A silver jeep at an intersection.
A gray jeep in the road.
This is a small pink blanket and the back of a baby girls dress.
blue playmat with stars printed.
the bowl under the fruit.
a glass fruit bowl.
The woman wearing the tie.
the woman that is getting her tie adjusted.
A boy begins to do a trick on a skateboard.
A boy on a skateboard.
A potted tree.
The bike with the handlebar risers.
woman in grey coat in the right hand picture.
A woman wearing a gray jacket.
A pair of brown skiis attached to someone's feet.
A pair of skis on a smiling lady.
a lady wearing sunglasses.
A woman holding a cell phone and wearing a green-brown tanktop.
a red double decker bus.
A red double decker bus.
cat being laid on by another cat.
Leftmost elephant.
Large gray and brown elephant standing to the left of another elephant.
The edge of a floral dress.
A blue tablecloth with flowers at the bottom.
A slice of green apple between two other slices.
The middle slice of a cut up apple, with green skin.
A hand of a woman who is about to operate the mixie.
The arm of a plastic doll.
Lady bent over in a house on the floor.
girl bending over.
Gray SUV parked under shade.
GRAY PARKED JEEP.
The biggest, closest umbrella.
The man in the black coat's black umbrella.
THE FIRST BREAD.
A brown bread is towards first one.
The only sheep turning it's face towards the viewer and with a full view of it's side.
the sheep that is the opposite direction than the others.
Jumping baseball player in shirt with number 9 on it.
first man with Jessey no.9.
The zebra standing closest to the camera, facing left with the number 10 next to it's foot.
small zebra with black and brown stripes looking at the ground.
A bald man in a sleeveless tee shirt eating lunch with three friends.
A bald man wearing white shorts and a white tank top.
A skier wearing a red jacket.
A man doing ice skating with maroon jarkin.
bear behind wood log in cage.
the brown bear away from the log.
The reflection of a toilet in a mirror.
The toilet in the reflection.
A zebra facing away from the camera, to the right of two other zebras.
The posterior of a zebra walking to the right of two other zebra posteriors.
A motorcycle on a motocross track with a rider on it.
A dirtbike with the number 81.
The hands of a person holding white napkins.
SPOONS.
A silver spoon lying on the table next to a knife.
laptop with screen off.
The laptop that is not on, and last in the row.
Smiling man with birthday cake.
A man in a dark green shirt smiling.
A sliced open hot dog on a bun.
a plated hotdog with mustard, along side a drink.
Little cat sitting next to laptop.
A black & white kitten on the table next to the laptop.
The red bicycle.
red bike in front of pink bike.
The couch furthest from the fireplace.
The couch that is directly opposite the television.
A poppy seed muffin on a plate.
a wrapped muffin served on a plate.
The plane on the left.
Plane closest to camrea.
feta cheese coveres the foccacia on the table.
A white mixture with herbs that is spread on top of some dough.
A bald man wearing jeans and a dark shirt with an emblem on the back.
the man on the far right who is cut off.
The girl is wearing a peach colored dress.
girl in pink ruffled dress on right side of blanket.
the couch behind the guy playing wii in the right hand picture.
black and white couch pillows behind man playing video games.
A light tan couch behind the players.
sofa.
A clear bottle with clear liquid inside.
A clear bottle with clear liquid.
the white flower in the middle.
A refelction of a tall vase of flowers.
A white table.
The table the women with donuts are sitting at.
A girl wearing spectacles playing with two other boys.
a girl holding a toy playing in the grass.
A hot dog on the left side of a plate.
A hot dog with ketchup next to a stove.
A white chair to the right of the table.
The entire table and its contents.
A table with a meal on top.
A computer keyboard.
The black keyboard that is not part of a laptop.
A bench made of wood with a man sitting in it.
outdoor bench.
The toilet bowl has debris at the bottom of it.
A white toilet with dirty water.
Man.
A man with a brown full hand T-shirt.
a pair of zebra.
The zebra standing behind the other zebra.
A brown and white horse looking at a shaggy dog.
brown horse with white head.
A man in white T shirt.
a man in the beach.
A zebra behind another zebra.
A zebra can be seen behind the other one.
black horse's face and neck.
A brown horse with a white stripe on its face.
long blond hair wearing all black and a knee brace on left knee.
A woman in dark clothing and white socks.
A red dirt bike.
A silver, black, and red motor bike parked next to other motor bikes.
A man in a black sweater on a hill.
Snowboarder in white pants and black coat.
A blue backed, light wooden chair with a cat in it sits at a matching table.
a blue and white chair being sat upon by a cat.
A white and grey marble table with wooden chairs and place settings.
A WHITE COLOR TABLE have three cup & soccer.
A brown sofa near a light colored chair.
a brown sofa.
girl wearing a black top and large gold chain necklace.
A black and white motobike is parked outside a tent.
A white bike sitting next to a tent.
An Women wearing Blue t-shirt and yellow shawl in her head.
A person wearing a blue shirt and orange scarf.
A skateboarder, who is airborne on the ramp. In the background there's a ceiling.
A man, in a white tee shirt and brown pants, is in mid air while riding his skate board.
A giraffe bending down over a fence with another giraffe seen above it.
A girafe stretching its neck downwards.
Keyboard near to a blue colour cloth.
The keyboard the kitten is staring at.
The red chair.
A red chair.
A child's play laptop is facing away from us, with a blue X and a red dot on the back of it.
back of screen showing blue x and red dot.
boy with banian and short eating with left hand before a dog.
A boy wearing a blue shirt who is putting food in his mouth.
a man in a grey shirt wearing aviator sunglasses with his arms crossed.
A guy wearing basketball attire and sunglasses, with a short afro.
grey umbrella in background.
the umbrella in the background that is gray.
Giraffes body facing away from the camera.
The backside of a giraffe partially blocked by the neck of another giraffe.
Blurred player with arm hanging down.
a little boy in a brown sweater playing holding a wii controller.
Child in brown shirt.
A white car in an accident with a motorcycle.
A white crashed car.
A man watching children bat from behind a fence.
man with hat standing outside fence/.
The large rusty car which the woman's posing with.
a car.
A yellow food truck.
A food truck on a city street with many customers.
a woman eating a hot dog.
girl eating hotdog.
A child with in a red dress holding a frisbee.
a baby in a red patterned dress holding a white frisbee.
There is an orange with little bit on it.
a orange cut into.
The boy with the rack wearing a green shirt.
YOUNG KID WITH RACKEGT IN HAND WAITING HIS TURN.
A man with a grey shirt and jeans talking on a cell phone while walking next to a cab.
A man in blue jeans and white t-shirt talking through phone standing near a yellow car.
A laptop being used by a man.
macbook computer logo.
Man in white shirt who is jumping.
man with white jersey jumping upward.
black horse was seeing.
The head of the black horse.
A woman wearing dark blue dress operating laptop.
A woman wearing a dark Blue shirt.
a zebra on the right, behind the rock.
The farthest right zebra.
A rectangular box with a man in a red shirt sitting on it.
Skating platform with boy sitting on it.
The grey tarp in the back left.
The gray box that is on the other side of the road behind the truck.
The pitcher.
A pitcher who just threw the ball.
a white suv stopped in traffic behind a taxi.
There is a white color car in the traffic.
The blurry chair back to the right of the vase stem.
The surfboard that the man in blue shirt is holding.
The surfboar that the light haired man is carrying.
The third suitcase from the top.
A black suitcase second from the bottom.
the plant behind the woman in the right hand picture.
The planter with flowers behind the woman.
A college student checking her smart phone while hanging out in a study group.
A woman in a blue hoodie and glasses holds a device.
The sliced carrots at the top right of the dish.
Sliced carrots in a blue dish with other vegetables.
Woman in grey sweater holding a computer.
A woman wearing a black long-sleeved shirt.
the red bike in the middle.
Bike in red color which is standing in second position, behind of black one.
a silver fork on a cake plate.
the fork on the plate.
Halved apple.
Half an apple.
The smaller giraffe.
Giraffe standing in fenced area near wall.
a strap across mans chest.
A black strap that is on a young man wearing a purple and yellow hat.
The orange snowboard.
An orange and red snowboard.
A man wearing a blue t-shirt holding a mat standing in a booth with another man and another man outside the booth with an open umbrella.
A man in a black rain jacket and shorts holding a bundle.
A woman in a red one sleeved shirt with a scarf on her head.
A GIRL WEARING A RED COLOR PARTY DRESS WITH FRIENDS.
girl holding bike.
Redheaded girl holding yellow bicycle.
Skier in black stocking cap.
a guy wearing a tan jacket who looks like he is about to ski.
A motorcycle with a grey haired man resting on it.
grey refrigeration truck with headlights on.
A silver truck behind a yellow van.
The woman.
The woman dressed in all black is waitng to get one the bus.
A dark-haired woman cutting a cake.
Black haired women cutting a cake.
Some kind of white dip for the snacks.
a bowl with white cream.
A bowl of fruit.
The container filled with fruit.
little girl who is flying the kite.
The little girl.
BROWN COLOR TEDDY BEAR IN SITTING THE HORSE.
undressed teddy bear doll.
The doctor is covering a small child with a sheet.
A man in a white shirt and black bow tie leaning over a person in a bed.
A MAN WEARING BROWN COLOR SWEATER AND TALKING WITH  MOBILE PHONE NEAR BY A GIRL.
Man in a brown hoody talking on a cell phone.
The man lying on his side.
the person sleeping under the gray and pink blanket in the right photo.
tennis ball boy.
a man was standing.
The seats closest to the camera.
Red Leather seat on left side of photo.
The man in the first photo sitting.
A man sitting on a bench.
the skater, as seen second from the left, with one hand in front of his body.
the 2nd guy from the left in the right hand picture.
A bird perched on a bird feeder.
bird on birdcatcher.
Woman with curly brown hair sitting down beside man wearing a hat.
A woman with curly hair sitting next to a man holding a wii controller.
A bed with blue color striped and no man in the bed.
a tan and blue striped mattress.
horse eating a carrot from man's hand.
A large brown horse with a large white mark on its face.
The two most outer right bananas.
Banana closest to books.
A black truck headed out.
Spill response truck.
A plate of cooked chicken.
the meat in the image above the noodle bowl.
The second refrigerator to the right.
third fridge from left.
The bus that we can see most of.
Yellow bus with the numbers 372 on the side by the door.
A man wearing green pants standing to the left of two other men.
A baby giraffe looking over the fence.
A giraffe standing next to a taller giraffe.
the front end of a motorbike with the number 1 on it.
A brown bike with the number one on the front.
A red and black motor scooter parked behind a man with a suitcase.
red and black motorcycle.
a man is holding a kid.
A young man wearing a blue shirt, holding a child's hands.
The knife to the right of the pizza.
Knife with blade hidden by pizza.
A man in a sweater is using blue scissors to cut a piece of paper.
A boy with blue scissors.
A man wearing horizontal and vertical striped clothing, standing next to a pizza and one other man in a kitchen.
A teeneger with spectacles looking into the pitza.
A bear laying on his right side.
A baby bear sleeping closest to the corner of the pen.
A white towel with flowers on it.
tablecloth.
Man talking to another man at a fruit stand.
the older man who is balding with grey hair.
The large slice of banana.
the green fruit in the back.
a sandwich on the left.
A puff is placed beside the bowl.
A man wearing an orange cardigan.
A man with braided hair and a beard standing in between a woman and another man with a beard.
a black keyboard, placed in front of a laptop.
A black wireless full-sized Microsoft keyboard.
A toaster oven at the far end o f the counter with another appliance with a red light on top of it.
oven with yellow caution.
a tall oven with a pan and copper pot on it.
the three bears postcard.
A book with three teddy bears on the cover.
a man with grey t-shirt holds a purple frisbee.
A man holding a pink frisbee.
A White police boat on the water.
A police boat that is pulled up next to another boat.
The brown chair the girl is sitting in.
Very top horizontal broccoli.
broccoli piece in back.
A plastic chair behind the far table.
Clay pot that cat is sitting in.
a terracotta pot with a cat in it.
The boy that is standing on the stool.
A boy wearing a white shirt and bending over to blow out birthday candles.
A tennis racket behind a black net.
the racket behind the net.
A dog that is white and light tan.
orange color dog sitting behind the brown color dog.
A METAL CHAIR IS PLACED NEAR A TABLE.
A TALL BLACK DINING CHAIR.
A bicylce with a black basket and and women with a green shirt riding it.
The front of a bicycle with a basket containing pink, white, and yellow items.
A woman in a white t-shirt holding a blue object with her thumbs.
Guy in white shirt holding clear ball over head.
The lady in the maroon shirt.
A vase painted in white, orange, pink, and blue designs.
The statue of a bear in the sitting position.
a bear statue sitting up beside a tree.
a skateboard with a red sticker.
a skateboard with a red stiker.
An elephant standing in the water to the right of two other elephants.
A woman in a red shirt washing in the sink.
An older woman wearing a red top and black pants standing at a kitchen sink.
A wooden table with a green cup and orange bowl filled with cereal.
breakfast cereal in orange bowl with juice in a green toddler cup.
The reflection of the man in the mirror.
man and reflection of man brushing teeth in the mirror.
A naked child.
A child in her mothers lap.
red food truck.
A red food trucks with a green carpet in front of it.
skating board of the boy in the right side of the image.
An older bird with a yellow beak and a red patch of feathers sitting next to a grey bird on a tree branch.
bird with a rounded yellow beak.
the girl on the right in the right hand picture.
A blue eyed girl in a pink princess shirt sits to the left of a boy in red.
The elephant in the middle.
The second elephant in the line.
a pastrami sandwich.
half a sausage sandwich on white plate on brown tray.
A large elephant beside two smaller elephants.
The largest elephant in the photo, this elephant is on the outer most right hand side of the photo.
Wooly mammoth.
There is an elephant with very long teeth's.
A tow truck towing a truck.
truck lifting the other car.
Child sitting in high chair holding a phone.
little boy talks on phone while sitting on a high chair.
the motorcycle with 74 on it.
Motorcycle number 74.
Pair of skis that man bending over is examining.
Two iron rods in front of the man that is bent over.
A pink handbag in a suitcase.
A pink purse in a suitcase.
A green color car parked near the stop board.
the front part of a green SUV parked on the street.
A giraffe is standing left side.
a giraffe with its head over another giraffe.
Woman pointing to the cake directly in front of her.
Woman in pink shirt.
a girl in a pink shirt.
A boy with hat on his head.
A WOMAN LAYING FLAT ON HER STOMACH IN BED.
The woman sleeping on her stomach.
bi-cycle near to the cow.
A bicycle parked in front of a brown cow.
A bowl of broccoli.
Many florets of broccoli within a dish.
Man in tan shirt on left.
A man who is wearing a brown shirt and a multi-colored tie.
man with racket.
tennis playing man in white.
man wearing pink hat near a white colored hat.
A girl wearing pink monkey cap looking the cyclist with her friend.
Bike that has woman on top.
The motorcycle with the woman on it.
person in dark green pants leaning on a white fence.
The grey pants on the person next to the knife.
Empty grey bowl.
A stainless bowl.
man in the left side of the image with brown t-shirt.
a man in a black shirt.
The man in the green jacket stares into the camera.
A man in a green jacket and grey beanie eating a doughnut.
The back of a silver car.
The back of a silver car driving down the street.
A working laptop with windows open.
The laptop screen that is on.
The bag of apples.
bag of apples.
A bald white man with a tan jacket standing next to an elephant.
Man in khaki clothing petting a young elephant.
The bowl of blueberries in the front.
A CERAMIC BOWL WITH A FLORAL DESIGN HOLDING FRESH BLUEBERRIES.
A lady in red dress with pearls in neck and blonde hair is standing near a guy.
A woman with long hair in a red dress.
A woman withe a white tank top.
A woman in a white tank top sitting on a curb using her cell phone.
A young white man wearing a gray flop hat and checkered shirt using a computer while relaxing at the park with his friend.
person typing on laptop computer wearing white hat.
man carrying a surfboard.
A shirtless man holding a surfboard.
jar behind two hot dogs.
A jar of some white substance.
Zebra standing behind 2 zebras in a heavily green area.
The legs of a zebra shown under the neck of another zebra.
A zebra standing front of two other zebras.
Zebra whose head is in the middle of group.
A partially obscured banana.
Banana that is barely visible to the far right of the fruit.
A white sofa with patterned pillows upon it.
A white sofa that is right in front of a window; there is also an end table on each side.
Leafy green vegetable to the right of the empty plate with crumbs on it.
A green leafy vegetable on a white plate next to the slice of carrot.
A spoon next to a white knife.
spoon on the right.
man handing a racquet.
A man lying down using a smart phone and handing a racket.
Several glasses of wine and some cheese and crackers.
table with glasses and tray.
A man in a tan suit.
Man in brown suit helping bride cut through a cake.
A man with a blue shirt on.
A man wearing a blue shirt walking through a park with a woman.
A man wearing black and red taking a picture on his cell phone.
Man wearing a red tie.
an old oven with the door open.
A stove to the right of a woman and under an Imperial sign.
A large black and brown rooting for something in rocks next to a blue bucket and a small brown dog.
A big black and brown dog sitting near a large gray rock sniffing the ground.
Two arms to right of cake.
Two hands reaching out towards a cake.
a man with glasses playing wii in a collared shirt.
A man with tan pants playing wii.
An elephant standing on a riverbank with its trunk in its mouth.
An elephant with its trunk curled up, turned away from another elephant.
A man with glasses and a smile.
man with glasses holding plate, no utensil in mouth.
A black and white dog lying beside a black dog.
A black and white dog lying on a bed with two other dogs.
the man wearing a blue shirt with a bag over his shoulder.
a man in blue shirt walking to an aeroplane.
A black and white photo with a man standing with his hands on his hips.
The man with his hands on his hips.
the man standing on the rim on the left hand side behind the man in the air.
The man in the green hat and white shirt using his phone and holding a skateboard.
A man wearing a green hat, white tshirt and jeans as he holds onto his skateboard by the wheels and a cell phone in the other hand.
The man in yellow.
A tennis player who is wearing a yellow shirt.
A sword that a veteran is using to cut a cake.
A sword used to cut a cake.
A man in a hooded sweatshirt.
A shorthaird person with a sweater.
THE BLACH CAR.
the black car.
A clock on the left side of the tower.
The clock face on the left reads the same time as the right.
A red suit case in the hatchback of the blue car with other clothes.
The red suitcase in the trunk.
A small tablet to the left of a larger IMac computer.
A black device next to a white mouse.
a black cat doll with green eyes.
black stuffed cat.
The adult horse.
An adult horse with his head leaning towards the ground to eat the green grass.
The left most girl.
the lady who is trying to eat a pizza with open mouth.
The green truck.
chocolate cake on plate.
Chocolate cake slice on a white plate.
Young boy.
a small boy wearing a black hooded sweatshirt looking down at a piece of paper.
A woman in a pink tank top.
A woman in a pink tank top and khaki shorts.
the giraffe on the right.
The little girl smiling and holding a baby.
A girl in the bed holding a baby.
The second motorcycle from the right with orange blinkers on it.
The third motorbike from the left.
A white computer chair in front of a white desk near a computer screen.
White chair.
Two horses standing next to eachother wearing saddles.
The larger of two pizzas with only sauce and cheese on them.
A black and white motorcyle moped.
man in white shirt with his tie flipped behind him.
A man wearing a white shirt with a tie on his shoulder.
A black and white zebra with his head near the ground.
The foremost zebra, in front of the others.
A woman in red pants next to a grill.
A woman wearing fusha pants, and a navy blue vest.
single broccole floret on the left.
A woman wearing a dress lying on a towel.
Girl in yellow dress laying on towel.
Two giraffes standing with a third giraffe.
A giraffe standing by other giraffes with its mouth open.
The man with the pole that is wearing sunglasses.
man standing near the elephant.
A man wearing a hat standing and holding the tusk of an elephant.
The smaller animal to the right.
a small white sheep.
The man with glasses making the pizza.
the person in khaki pants.
A plate with a yellow and white lemon cake.
a wooden table with two plates on it.
a chair that has nothing on it and has no one sitting on it.
The zebra in front of all the other zebras.
a zebra grazing while standing in front of two other zebras.
man pouring wine in glass.
hand pouring wine in a glass.
carrot on the very left.
a pepper to the left of some others.
A black and white zebra with a white flower on its belly.
This is a silver laptop on the left of the desk.
laptop next to two monitors.
BLACK COLOR SOFA WHERE A BOY SITTING AND EAT.
a black chair supporting a boy eating a sandwich.
A man sitting at a table with his hands up.
a man wearing a cream shirt holding both of his arms up.
notebag.
A BLUEJEAN PURSE ON AN ARM WEARING A BLACK BRACELET TOUCHING ELEPHANTS HEAD.
The sky blue boat.
a blue boat in the water.
all black monitor.
A MONITOR OFF CONDITION IN THE TABLE.
A brown bull pulling next to a black bull.
A bull that is brown and helping a man pull a large piece of wood.
A mother brushing her kids teeth.
A mother in a grey hoodie brushes her toddler's teeth.
umbrella.
a deer.
Animal laying down under other animal laying down.
Brown bear sitting up near the edge.
A brown bear sitting upright.
A tall green thermos.
A light green thermos.
A man in a coca cola shirt.
Man in sandals and shorts and a t shirt holding a drink and a fishing pole.
A white special truck that is moving towards three men.
The fire truck closest to the group of people.
Blue pant legs behind dog.
person pant leg black left side.
A red and gray fire hydrant filtered in a coloring book style.
A person standing on a red fire hydrent.
a little girl is standing in the room with her arms outstretched.
a girl in ivory sweater , with eggplant colored pants and hot pink socks.
the back of a white chair on the end of a table.
The blue and white airplane.
An airplane with a series of letters and numbers on the side.
A white and brown pony.
The horse with brown spots and white body.
the grey couch facing the windows.
A white sofa sitting across the room from two black chairs.
Orange slices on a plate with a banana slice on top.
a black bag being carried by a woman with a pink umbrella.
A large black bag being held by a woman with a pink umbrella.
The grey tooth brush.
a toothbrush sitting on a piece of wood.
A child baseball player throwing a pitch to a batter.
the pitcher.
The cat with the yellow toy.
The lighter cat chewing on the yellow toy.
A pastry desert with blue berries on a white plate.
white plate of pastry with blackberries.
the woman wearing the white and purple sweater.
A woman wearing a white coat holding a horse leash.
A RUGBY PLAYER BATTING WEARING BLUE COLOR T SHIRT GREY COLOR LOWER.
A batter for the Blue Jays at home plate.
A man wearing a red sweatshirt sitting on a couch.
A man in red sweater sitting left to two other men.
trolley with AIV on it.
A trolley closest to the green awning.
A pile of mandarin oranges.
Several oranges.
cake with white frosting and cherries.
A cake with white frosting and cherries on top.
A man riding a skateboard.
A skateboarder wearing all black airing over some steps.
A pair of skis, a man is riding with them.
The skies of the man with yellow ski boots.
a man in the background of a game of frisbee.
The parking meter that is placed on the right side of the pair.
A blue and gray rain jacket on a man.
a person sitting on a black chair.
A man in a bright pink shirt.
man in pink shirt holds up bananas.
Bread sticks on the left.
A fried bread horderve to the direct left of pizza.
The pizza on the upper left side of the table.
smaller pizza closest to glasses on a board whose handle can be seen.
A white surfboard being held by a little boy.
The surf board that a boy child is holding.
One boy wearing red shirt and pyzama is seeing the flag with his friend.
A little boy in red playing with a kite.
a black sumo parked in road.
A black large SUV is parked by the sidewalk holding a trailer.
A boy with a red bow tie.
The male child who has a white shirt, red bow, and blue pants standing besides two girls.
A man in a blue shirt eating pizza.
A man in blue shirt eating.
Brownie cupcake.
a chocolate cupcake.
A little boy in a light green shirt looking at a computer screen.
A boy looking at a computer screen near a window.
A giraffe running in front of a smaller giraffe.
A big giraffe is running in the grass.
A bottle of chocolate stout beer sitting on a table with some baking ingredients.
A bottle of beer among other food items.
A big Ford Excursion is parked next to a yellow fire hydrant.
The back of a van.
giraffe with open mouth.
A giraffe with open mouth standing inside a fenced area with few more giraffes.
The glass to the right and behind a water glass.
A blurry glass behind another.
corn dog near mustard.
A corndog on a blue tray beside two cups of mustard.
The side of a blue folding chair.
Green Chair on a porch next to a man in a blue shirt.
A woman in a white hijab holding a young boy on her lap.
A lady in a white hood holding a little boy.
A KEYBOARD IN FRONT ON COMPUTER ON COMPUTER TABLE.
A white color keyboard.
A bowl of beans.
bowl of beans in brown sauce.
A beige armchair with a white cloth laying over the left arm of it.
A chair directly to the left of a darker brown chair.
cat closet to camera.
cat laying down with a white plate on its back.
The man standing with the glasses and the blue long sleeved shirt.
The man pointing at the picture.
A small giraffe leaning over a car behind a larger giraffe.
A table with a cup of cola on it.
A blurry table with a cup of coffee on it.
A tennis racket being held by a woman in black.
Black and white tennis racket a blonde woman is holding.
The clear glass right covering the view of the basket.
A zebra slightly hidden by a tree.
baby zebra standing near tree.
The thin yellow tail of a kite that is off screen.
yellow kite in front of trees.
Apples sitting between oranges and melons.
A stack of apples on a cart.
A pair of tables where someone is reading a book and someone else is leaning forward.
the table with drinks in the background.
A white plate rests on a marble table with another white plate that has an apple.
white color plate on the top most corner of the image.
The guy wearing a white shirt playing tennis.
A man in a white shirt and black shorts playing tennis.
A women watching looking at the waiter pouring wine.
A woman looking up and smiling as wine as being poured into a glass.
little boy holding a snowboard.
The little boy holding the silver skateboard.
The sheep that is standing.
The black lamb that is standing up.
Man in striped shirt.
A man in a navy and white striped shirt sitting at a dinner table.
A brown horse with a streak of white down its nose walks astride another with full white hair.
A brown horse being ridden by a man in a green suit.
A baby giraffe feeding from its Mother.
A baby giraffe sucking milk.
arm of someone wearing a plaid shirt.
A mans arm with a checkered shirt.
The person wearing the red suspenders.
A man in blue jeans with his hand on his hip.
THe black chair with a water bottle and paper plate on it.
A black chair with a paper place, bottle of water and an article of pink clothing on the seat.
A woman in a white sweater.
The lady with a white sweater and glasses standing behind the boys.
The black dog behind the life preserver.
Black older looking dog standing next to orange lifesaver.
license plate section of a car parked at a metered spot, legally.
The edge of a car next to the parking meter.
Right half of a sandwich not covered in a napkin.
A ciabatta bread sandwhich with no napkin covering it.
a climbing bear.
A bear climbing rocks.
A man juggling tennis rackets.
A man in a gold and red robe holding a tennis racket and looking up in the air.
The gentleman in the pinstriped suit trying to tie his purple and silver striped necktie.
A man with dark hair and a pinstriped dark suit, wearing a wedding band and adjusting his tie.
A cow with horns and a hump in the back of a truck.
Two brown cows caged up in the back of a blue pick up truck.
A boy wearing a green jersey and thinking something.
The kid is wearing a green 2013 jazz tee shirt.
A wooden plank table with plates of food on it.
The table made of red wood lays beneath two black mats.
A black and white dog lying on a bed next to a cat.
Black and white pet animal with red collar.
A motorcycle which has it's front wheel facing the building.
A touring motorcycle with side luggage holders.
The blurry bowl that is furthest away.
Woman in a blue jacket waving back at the camera.
woman on right.
A lady with green sleeveless tops sitting on the street bench.
A woman sits turned away from the man next to her on a bench.
Skis being held by a person in a blue coat.
The bike which is ahead of the other bike.
A yellow motorcycle in front of the other motorcycle.
A RESCUE TEAM MAN HAVING STOP BOARD IN HIS RIGHT HAND AND TALKING WITH HIS COLEGUE.
Man in grey nit hat holding stop sign.
An older gentleman balanced on one foot acrobatically engages a flying frisbee.
A man with blue full hand T-shirt and a cap.
This is a bowl containing carrots and grapes.
A plastic container with green grapes and carrots.
the bench and water under it in the right hand picture.
A young girl in blue sits while playing a game.
A little girl playing Nintendo Wi's boxing game with her sister.
the bed on which dog is laying.
A wooden chair stained brown.
A wooden chair with a slatted back.
A sailboat with the numbers, 77077 on the sail.
The sail boad that is trying to be righted so it does not tip over.
two colorful kites flying close to the ground on a sunny day.
The red Nissan pickup truck.
A small orange Nissan pick up truck in the traffic.
banana in the bottom left corner.
banana in the bottom left side.
The table behind the bire.
table behind bird.
A giraffe reaching to eat some leaves off of a tree.
The giraffe stretching it's head to try and reach some leaves.
the elephant in the back near the center of the dirt.
The elephant in the end of the line of three.
The wicket keeper of baseball waiting for ball.
Catcher kneeling behind a batter.
A propeller planes wing on the ground.
a white colour laptop placed on a table in classroom.
A white laptop that is opened on a table.
The child in the red number 4 shirt is ready to hit a baseball.
a boy in a red helmet holding a black baseball bat.
girl with denim shorts.
A girl in a black shirt holding a surf board.
blue double decker bus.
the big blue bus.
A bowl of food with a cat eating.
A bowl of food being eaten by a cat.
A chair is by the staircase.
The chair in the background behind the cat to the right.
A man in white standing next to a man in black.
A young man with dark hair wearing a white tank top standing behind a surf board.
The giraffe on the right that is partially obscured by the tree.
The rear end of a giraffe with its head behind a tree.
There is a brown colored cow standing infront of other cow.
a cow facing left in front of another cow.
The white and black portion of the bag to the right of the skateboard.
the white and blue inflatable part between the purple stripe and green skateboard.
The empty chair by the table.
An empty black chair in front of white plates.
A man wears a black hat with a green stripe.
A man with a beard wearing a silver jacket, black hat, black shirt, and pink tie.
A brown teddy bear wearing a tuxedo sitting in a cup.
The teddy bear dressed like a groom.
The horse on the right.
The horse on the right.
the chair on the left.
the chair on the left.
red painted wooden chair close to wall, pushed under table.
the red chair on the right in the right hand picture.
A white umbrella with flower on the underside.
The white umbrella with flowers.
this is a motorcycle with three guys around it.
Motorcycle that is being worked on by two guys.
An empty bench with black metal arm rests.
The bench that is a little ways from where the man is sitting.
A man in a plaid shirt riding a skateboard.
A man wearing glasses and blue jeans riding a skate board.
A women with a purple shirt riding on a horse.
A woman wearing a purple shirt and helmet riding a horse.
Black and white zebra standing in a field.
The bigger zebra.
There is no sketching in the scatting board.
A plain black snowboard strapped to a man wearing a beige sweater.
A woman on a bicycle.
A woman on a bicycle texting.
parking meter to the left of another meter.
This is the left most parking meter in a set of two meters.
A black dog laying next to another dog on a bed.
A black dog with ears perked up, laying on a bed with another dog.
A large cup of soda next to a large hot dog.
A cup of soda with ice.
Sandwich on the left, whose toothpick does not have an olive.
The sandwich to the left of other sandwich with the olive.
A toddler with a keyboard wire in her mouth.
A baby chews on a keyboard wire.
a giraffe walking out of the picture frame.
A giraffe with his head up.
A small carrot that has a larger carrot to its left and onions to its right.
Two orange carrots in the center of some other vegetables.
The woman playing tennis in the white, pink, and black dress.
A picture of Serena Williams standing in a position to play tennis holding her tennis racket.
A bowl of pasta and carrots.
spiral pasta salad with carrots.
A girl in a short skirt and high heels standing next to a graduate.
A girl with long, dark hair standing with a recent graduate with flowers under the clock tower.
old man wearing blue shirt.
An old man in a bird store.
A black baseball bat with Louisville written on it, laying on the ground.
black Louisville bat laying on the ground.
A computer monitor reading 0:504.
a computer screen showing the time.
A white truck with the brand name, MAN, is driving down the street.
A truck with an open back, yellow lights and a yellow and green striped safety coverings on its bumper.
A bottle with yellow color tape on its neck and a gray color label on its bottom .
The leftmost bottle on the microwave.
the person in the dark shirt that is standing.
A  girl wearing a  all brown shirt that is playing a game holding a controller.
bus with texas chain ad.
A double decker bus with Texas Chains written on it.
woman.
a woman was playing.
umbrella the lady with red shoes holding.
The black umbrella the woman in red boots in holding.
The man to the far left.
A man in a blue shirt and a woman in a green shirt.
Woman standing in a kitchen.
A blonde woman wearing a grey shirt and a scarf.
A bird perched on the edge of the concrete block.
A very small brown and grey bird sitting on the edge of a stone ledge.
A woman with a yellow over-shirt, checking her phone.
A woman with short brown hair and an orange shirt holds her phone.
a baby is kipping his tongue out and laughing.
a young boy making a funny face with his tongue sticking out.
A guy in black shirt and jeans holding a can and trying to catch a firsbee.
A man with a black T-Shirt playing frisbee.
A person wearing a blue jacket, holding a water bottle.
a man wearing all blue holding an empty water bottle.
an olive green chair.
A tan overstuffed chiar in a living room.
green and white bench with red chinese writing on it.
baseball player holding a bat.
A baseball player hitting the ball and striking out.
A woman in a black coat carrrying a purse and an umbrella.
A woman with a black jacket and a red umbrella.
a girl in a yellow shirt, holding a wii controller.
A girl in a yellow shirt playing a video game with a white joystick.
The giraff in front of other fully visible.
A giraffe seen in complete.
A pizza behind another pizza.
A margherita pizza behind another pizza.
A black and white dog with a water dish along side him.
A dog standing in the grass.
A little girl with a flowered shirt and blue jeans holding a Krispy Kreme box.
a girl in a pink floral shirt.
A boat front behind a boat with a woman in yellow.
A couple of brown horses pulling a buggy.
horse behind the other horse.
A jumping man to the left of an identical man.
The man in the left picture.
A zebra is standing in sand in front of another zebra.
A zebra standing in front of another zebra in a sandy enclosure.
white stuffed toy rabbit.
A doll with a hat.
A pink umbrella.
A giant pink umbrella.
An adult giraffe facing to the left.
The taller giraffe.
Bowl of watermelon.
A bowl of cut watermelon chunks.
A giraffe to the left of two other giraffes.
The darkest giraffe on the far left.
A fork is holding a banana.
A fork holding up a banana with a yellow cord behind it.
baseball player with red helmet.
A baseball player at bat, wearing white and red.
A woman reading sitting on the bench.
a women sitting on bench.
A double decker bus in front of another double decker bus.
A red color double tucker bus on the road.
A man in a red and black fleece jacket puts a birthday hat on a white dog with brown spots.
A person off screen holding a party hat and wearing a red and black coat.
The ski attached to the mans feet.
The snowboard that the gentleman is doing a trick on in mid-air.
LEMON ON RIGHT FRONT.
An orange in front of a group of three oranges.
a bottle of grapeseed oil.
A tall bottle filled with 100% grapeseed oil.
a men wearing a white t-shite with black shoes.
Skater in a white tank top leaning against the fence.
The train on the other track, which is ahead of the black train.
A train next to a solo engine.
a blue umbrella sheltering a woman.
a blue umbrella being carried by a woman in a black sweater.
a man on skis facing two people.
A skier gives other skiers instructions.
A part of the table to the right of the plate.
half of sandwich overflowing with lettuce on right side.
The right side of a big sandwhich of lettuce and other vegetables scattered all over the plate.
The person wearing white shorts.
The tennis player in all white.
The computer monitor that has black trim and is closest to a calculator.
A computer monitor sitting on the left side of a desk behind a keyboard.
black color bag in the hand of the man in front of the camera.
a black tennis bag.
a storage unit filled with mugs, books and other items.
the brown table on the right.
A baby elephant with an empty chair on it's back.
A young elephant wearing a saddle.
A brown dog is lying down.
A brown dog layiing down next to a big chair.
The zebra that's infront.
A baby zebra.
adult ram grazing.
A ram wiht large hornes with his mouth to the ground.
The second from the back clear stemmed glass.
The skinny glass near the sink, behind the purple glass.
stuffed animal wearing red knitted hoodie.
The bear with the hoodie.
A white t-shirt is screen printed with Lecanto Tennis and is being worn by a boy.
A boy  in a white and green shirt playing Frisbee with another boy.
person not shown feeding giraffe.
Person standing behind the little girl.
The nose of a red, small airplane with Sparky written on it.
An airplane with Sparky written on the side.
The cat whose paws are touching the top of the screen.
A sheep that is behind another one.
The sheep on the left.
A book lying down on a table.
A book with a green spine and artwork on the cover.
bus #1908.
The front of bus 1908.
A half seen wrought iron table.
A round wrought iron table is facing the back of the blackbird with one chair.
The woodgrain handled serving spatula.
Spatula on pizza pan.
a long john donut with white paste.
A pastry with white frosting.
A green tennis racket held by a young child.
Smaller green tennis racket.
A woman in a white and pink dress.
A woman in a white and pink dress sits with her legs folded.
The lower bed of a bunk bed.
Bottom bunk bed.
A pink teddy bear looking down at a smaller one.
pinkish bear.
The chair the person in the white shirt is sitting in.
The back of a blue chair with a man's white shirt showing.
woman with colorful umbrella in black.
Person on the right in dark clothes carrying multi-colored umbrella.
A big gold and black clock above a smaller one.
A clock on a brick wall.
the elephant's backside on the far left of the photo.
Two back legs to a standing elephant.
The second school bus in the line.
Second yellow bus directly behind the first one.
The silver oven is next to the dark grey oven.
a silver oven next to a black oven.
blue chair directly underneath the cellphones.
sandwich with slaw near the camera.
A classic car thats blue with its hood open, next to another classic car.
A blue car with its hood raised.
blue color car near to the truck.
A zebra that's in front of another zebra is getting its back scratched.
Zebra that is being nuzzled.
white color cup in the right side of the image.
a white and orange bowl.
A mini pizza on top of others.
The food item on top of th pile.
An old lady in a gray and white sweater eating a Krispy Kreme donut.
lady eating a donut while sitting next to a child drinking water.
the green caboose on the tracks.
A green train engine.
white police trailer.
WHITE COLOR TRUCK NAMED POWER.
A brown horse marked 551.
The horse facing to the left.
Brown wooden chair with cushions on it.
Striped tan chair.
An Alaskan Amber beer.
Alaskan amber on top of a microwave.
woman wearing black shirt walking on sidewalk with hands in the air.
A person in black walking away.
the person in green in the right hand picture.
the guy in green and black in the right hand picture.
a man wearing a brown jacket near an umbrella with alternate white and green panels.
man in brown shirt, black pants, who is reaching into pocket.
The adult giraffe furthest from the camera who is looking away.
Giraffe with neck over stone wall.
A man doing a trick with a skateboard.
The back tire half of a bicycle.
The rear tire of a blue bike that a person with tan shoes is sitting on.
A young boy rests his head on his hand while watching a laptop screen.
Person in the middle watching the computer.
A woman wearing a striped shirt.
A woman wearing a pink, green, white, and blue striped sweter and black bottoms is standing with a cane.
The bed on the left that you can't see fully.
The bed on the left.
Aeroplane in the front side of the image.
A propellor plane.
A wooden bench at a table.
An elephant in front of another elephant.
a person wearing red shoes.
the man with hairy legs and red shoes.
polar bear in middle.
There is a polar bear in the middle.
A black Honda car.
The black honda.
A dark colored cup.
A DARK BROWNN COLOR COFFEE MUG.
The monitor on the left with bottles pictured on it.
A computer monitor that is showing a Flickr webpage image with alchoholic bottles.
the counter on the right.
The sink and top part of a vanity in a bathroom.
A tennis player in black.
A woman playing tennis wearing a black jacket, black shorts and a black hat.
A banana which is in the center.
The banana in the middle. It has a sticker on it.
A pizza with sausage and cheese.
A bubbly pizza with sausage.
The top and rightmost of three open laptops.
The white jet.
The white airplane.
Man in front of the tv.
A man in a blue shirt wearing 3D glasses holding a PlaystaionMove controller.
the blond boy.
A boy with blonde hair.
The black dog with the blue collar.  On the left.
the black dog with the green collar.
A hot dog to the right of three others, with cheese sauce on top.
The hotdog to the right of the other hotdogs.
A black Land Rover that is pulling a boat.
A black jeep with a boat on back parked.
A man riding a racing bike with number 48 on it.
a man riding the bike.
A man dressed in white tennis gear with his arm behind him.
man.
The blue colored minivan that is in between the silver truck and the blue truck.
blue van parked in the middle.
The bed to the left of the other bed.
A smaller bed nearer the wall pictures.
Barstool facing right.
The woman in the top left.
A chocolate frosted cake on a plate.
Chocolate cake on a plate with a slice missing.
Base of the shallots.
A slice of Bok Choy vegetable closest to the knife blade.
A blonde child wearing blue.
A girl wearing blue jacket and holding umbrella.
The shadow outline of a student watching a lecture.
A person watching a lecture sitting in front of a tablet or laptop screen.
wooden table in the image with food items.
the brown table full of dishes.
Woman  in red shirt and gray shorts reaching for the frisbee.
A man and a woman playing frisbee.
A woman's reflection in the mirror.
The reflection of the red haired girl combing her hair.
A groom with white flowers on his lapel.
A groom.
the woman with a gray scarf.
the woman with a gray scarf.
The yellow, raised up portion of the fire hydrant.
yellow fire hydrant.
Two tennis players embracing on the court.
Two people hugging.
A soup served with hamburg on atable.
brown bowl of soup.
Lady in blue jeans and brown top walking past trash can.
A MAN IN JEANS WALKING ON THE SIDEWALK.
The back of a train car behind the train in the center of the picture.
a butter knife on the top plate.
The pink bowl of food with a tiger in it.
A pink dish of food with beans, broccoli, an orange slice and other vegetables.
The blue cloth under the beer.
Dark blue table runner.
Elbow of a person at a vegetable stand.
hand of the person wearing black shirt.
the top of a wooden chair on the far right.
THE CHAIR IS RED NEXT TO THE BIRTHDAY CAKE.
A guy skateboarding wearing a red hat.
A man on a skateboard wearing a red had, a gray shirt, and jeans/sneakers, while outside.
Silver monitor on green stand.
The man in the photo where his head is mostly not shown.
A man holding his hat and looking at a girl near him.
woman with ring staring into phone.
A woman without a head covering looking at a phone.
The water bowl on the left side of the cats.
A silver bowl sitting to the left of two cats eating from a bowl of food.
light big brown chair.
A beige sofa sitting on a green carpet.
The teddy bear wearing the red shirt.
A teddy bear in a red shirt sitting with other teddy bears.
right monitor in the right hand picture.
the black computer screen on the right.
White park bench with 2 people sitting on it.
The portion of bench to the left of the groom.
A black car seen through the window behind the cat.
a black car parked outside a window.
Back view of woman in striped shorts and part of the right arm of woman in black shirt and purple shorts.
A lady wearing pink sleeveless top.
a man in a white shirt with a red design.
A man in white trying to catch a Frisbie.
A toothbrush being held next to a blue toothbrush.
the toothbrush next to the blue one.
A brown cake that someone is sticking a fork into with orange and brown candy on top.
a cake cutting by some one.
a woman in a red outfit.
A woman playing a Wii in red shorts.
the motorcycle in front of the young girl.
A motorcycle with a girl sitting on it.
a man was eatting cake.
A boy in a white shirt eating part of a cake.
the white couch in the sunlight on the right hand side.
A couch in the right side of the living room.
A red fire and rescue truck parked in a field.
A large red fire and rescue truck with equipment loaded on the pickup.
A pizza being cooked that does not have any pepperoni.
A cheese pizza gets repositioned on a grill.
A bald man in bib overalls from years and years ago feeding a horse some sort of food.
man in overalls holding horse.
tennis racket of person in red jacket.
A black and white tennis racket with a white wrapped handle.
A white LG umbrella.
A white umbrella that says LG.
front fork in the right hand picture.
The fork resting on the white plate.
Girl in the very back with the yellow and white shirt wearing a navy hat.
two kids to the right.
A dog ridding a minature motercycle.
the dog on the bike.
A blurred out figure in red carring a white and blue suit case a few feet behind the woman in pink.
The person in the red jacket sitting in the background of the image.
Black scooter touching the pole and standing near the white scooter.
A blue colored engine of a  toy train running on a track around a cake.
A blue train with green wheels and a cartoon picture on the back.
Someone wearing a brown jacket and plaid pants midsection.
Person holding a gray stuffed pillow.
A tan and brown giraffe faceing right with his mouth open.
Giraffe on the left kissing the one on the right.
mirror image in background of a brush.
mirror image in background of the brush.
A man standing on skis.
The man with the blue trimmed goggles.
It is a giraffe in the forground facing forward.
the front giraffe.
the bench that the woman on her phone is sitting on.
A rock bench with a woman sitting on it.
A blue and white public transit bus approaches an intersection.
The front of a public bus.
the front grill fo a black mercedes SUV.
A black Mercedes SUV.
A furry dog peering out the window.
shaggy dog on right.
A token booth to the left of another.
The booth on the left of this picture.
bike of the boy with white shirt.
The bike of the man with the white shirt and backpack.
green leaf food.
The pizza with green herbs.
A man in a dark jacket and jeans holding a post.
A man holding the tree trunk.
A grey and green subway car.
A train with a green stripe.
The small black table.
A black topped table with a white rag on top of it.
A statue of a girl in shorts.
A statue of a child running wearing a hat.
A small, one-year-old, female human holding food and smashing said food on their face.
A girl celebrating her birthday holding cake with icing smeared all over her face.
A man in gray checkered polo playing Wii.
A zebra that is nearest to the camera and facing to the left.
odd motorcycle on display.
An orange motorcycle.
Longer of the two brown suede couches.
The brown couch to the right of the other one.
A person in a white T-shirt and jeans.
a woman in a white shirt and grey pants.
Bottom of shirt and legs in jeans of a woman sitting behind the dog.
A pair of blue jeans.
Beer glass with complete Stella Artois label showing.
A glass that says Stella Artois.
a man is holding bananas in between two men.
A man with a red and white shirt and white hat is holding bananas.
a sandwich half behind another sandwich.
sandwich in back.
man in white shirt and sunglasses trying to catch frisbee.
A man wearing a white shirt and sunglasses.
a baseball player swinging the bat.
The batter at the plate.
a women wearing black dress  holding a phone in the right hand.
A blonde woman playing Wii.
Skier with green vest and yellow boots.
skier in foreground with green on his chest.
A boy with plaid shorts on.
A child in a grey shirt and plaid pants standing in from of a TV.
The red bus to the far left.
A red bus with the back of it in view.
The third bed in the row starting from the top.
A man playing batminton with green short.
a man in green shorts playing tennis.
Man carrying blue backpack and wearing blue gloves.
Skier with a blue backpack.
A car standing next to traffic signal.
The short little on the far left.
Girl holding basket.
A man in black clothes riding a skate board.
the skateboarder doing a grind.
A tall giraffe eating.
a giraffe eating leaves from a tree along side another giraffe.
A baked pizza.
A pizza pie with white cheese and chicken pieces.
A black colored bike on which a man with a helmet of red and black designs.
A motorcycle with orange lettering on the side of it.
The african american individual.
A black person in a blue shirt.
The grey car.
A silver mercedes benz next to a red sightseeing bus.
white sofa with two pillows.
A white fouton containing two throw pillows.
The container with carrots.
The section with the carrots.
A patterned loveseat facing a dark colored wood table.
the sofa is beige against the wall.
A Tibetan monk talking on his cell phone.
A man talking on a cell phone.
Man in tan shorts.
An emcee in a golf shirt and khaki shorts oversees bat-races between innings at a baseball game.
The man with the kite in blue.
the man closest to the white kite.
The catcher behind home plate extends his mitt in anticipation of the pitch.
This is the baseball catcher in a yellow shirt.
3rd train from front.
Orange train on furthest track.
A little girl flying a kite.
A girl with a rainbow colored loose top wearing a purple scrunchy pony tail holder holding on to the end of a kite.
A man in a suit walking a dog.
A MAN WALKING WITH HIS DOG AND ALSO TALKING IN CELLPHONE.
A zebra with a raised back leg is eating from the feeder.
The zebra munching food with other zebra in a zoo.
dark blue container with white boxes behind a yellow gas truck at a gas station.
dark blue container with white boxes parked by a gas pump station.
A zebra with its head lower than the other zebra's head.
The zebra on the right with its head lowest to the ground.
The television screen.
The TV, which is on.
silver laptop sitting alone on one side of the table.
The laptop that no one is using.
black vanity bag on a table.
Black pocket book sitting on a white marble table with the flap open.
A brown horse with a cop on it.
A brown horse with a white stripe on its face.
blurry person in white and green on other side of net.
a person in the other end of the net.
Person in black shorts holding a little girls hand.
Person in black pants and printed shirt holding hands and walking with young girl.
An airplane in the top right corner.
engine and tail of a jet flying above three other jets.
Man with no shirt in jeans in doorway.
A man without Shirt.
the brown cake.
A yellow-brown cake with red filling that has a piece taken out of it.
The woman in the wedding dress and the knife she's holding.
The bride holding the knife.
A bowl of fresh cut strawberries.
a clear bowl of bright red sliced strawberries.
A girl who is skeing in front of another skier.
A little girl with pink and white hat skiing.
A black chair with a wooden arm rest next to the black leather couch.
The black chair with wooden arms.
Man holding water tank.
A man with a brown robe holding a green box over a woman's head.
A smaller giraffe sitting on top of a larger giraffe.
A giraffe with all four legs on the ground.
The man in red shorts.
The middle cell man.
A black sheep by itself.
A little boy wearing a green shirt.
The boy in the green shirt.
The man having the black band with his hand.
A tennis player with a white hat and black wristband shows his racket.
Black SUV Parked.
car right of the lexus suv.
smiling blonde boy with orange t-shirt standing next to a man with a blue shirt.
Little boy with big grin and wearing orange shirt, to the right of man in blue shirt.
An enthusiastic young woman with a kite.
The girl wearing the white outfit and holding a kite.
The hrose being ridden by the younger woman.
A horse with a white stripe down its nose. A woman is riding it.
a women was smilling.
A woman in a pink shirt.
A giraffe pokes its head through a window opening.
A GIRAFEE WITH ITS HEAD INSIDE THE DOORWAY OF THE BUILDING.
the chair under the mans arm.
young girl standing infront of surfboards.
A little girl with brunette hair, a light blue sweater, and pink sandals behind four surfboards.
A VERY LARGE GRAY ELEPHANT WALKING AWAY.
the larges elephant.
A piece of pizza on the right of a group of three.
second piece of pizza amost off the screen.
A black man in a black suit.
The person in complete black.
Strange clock with symbols and inner rotating ring.
two clocks in one.
Screen with a close up image of a man's face.
a bear lying down looking forward.
A bear lying down.
A man wearing a black jacket with his hood up and sunglasses serving a hot dog with many toppings.
The man who is holding out a hot dog.
The man wearing red shirt and right behind the kid hitting the base ball.
A man in a red sweater watching a child hit a ball with a baseball bat.
The man with the white shirt.
The man holding the tennis racquet that is wearing the white shirt.
The number seven horse ridden by a jockey in a red jacket and white pants.
the horse with the number 7 on it.
A man wearing a sombrero and talking on a cellphone.
A man in a blue jacket with a sombrero.
A man helping another man put on a tie,.
TWO MEN ADJUSTING TIE SHOTER ONE HELPING TALLER ONE.
A man wearing blue shirt.
A boy is walking with blue color shirt near the elephant.
Green and white computer.
A small green and white laptip sitting on a table.
two zebras standing on dirt.
Left zebra loving the zebra on the right.
the third bench in.
the skateboarder who wears a hat.
skateboarder wearing a hat performing trick.
a light tan goat to the right of two other goats.
The small white goat in front of a brown goat.
A jet plane behind a fighter jet.
person on left.
the boy wearing the white shirt.
A silver and black airplane parked on grass and bricks.
A fighter jet parked outside in the grass.
Piece of broccoli on far left of rice in back of tomato.
A man and woman on the back of a motorcycle wearing helmets.
A man in black pant is riding the bike.
the back of the bed that the mother and baby are resting in.
The pillow on which the mother is lying.
A BASEBALL PLAYER FALLEN ON GROUND.
Player named Hernandez sliding home.
A boy holding his red surfboard.
A young child carrying a red surf board.
A stop sign half obscured by a sign facing away.
a stopsign with only the ST showing.
Short hair blonde woman dressed in a black dress and black heels next to her partner.
a black and white picture of a women wearing a dress.
A striped necktie being tied.
Striped tie.
DHL FLIGHT  FLYING POSITION SIDE SEEN  OF BEACH.
The white plane with DHL logo.
The woman in orange sweater looking at her phone.
woman.
A man watching a couple cut a cake.
A man to the left of the couple.
Baby zibra at the back of line.
A bowl of green with purle leafy greens in it.
A white bowl filled with green and purple salad greens.
the train that is on the track.
A red and orange train car to the right and behind a book about trains.
A zebra standing close to a sign with an antelope on it.
A zebra standing next to a street sign.
A brown horse ridden by a man with the number 74 on his shirt.
the bay horse ridden by rider number seventy four.
A woman with a leather skirt and dowdy cardigan holding a purse with short hair and unnattractive visage.
A person in a skirt, holding a purse.
a man hitting  tennis ball with a  racket.
a man missing the catch.
a chair is placed on the ground near a table.
empty chair closest to camera.
A man in a blue shirt and shorts leaning against a bike.
The person to the left of the bicycle that he is touching.
A woman talking on the phone and drinking coffee.
the person on the right.
A white DirectTV remote.
A white remote next to a black remote.
All of the broccoli to the right of the apples.
Moe sitting between the other two Stooges.
A man in the middle tied up wearing a suit and tie.
The calf next to its mother.
calf.
A teddy bear in a dress, nose to nose with a kitten.
A stuffed animal bear in a red dress in-between another bear in a sweater and a curious kitten.
a woman wearing grey stretch pants holding a  polka dot umbrella.
A young woman with spiky hair and a denim overshirt holding a polka dot umbrella.
A man with girl scatting in a snow.
A woman in a blue jacket and purple pants skiis.
bed without a person.
An unoccupied bed.
A small white care at the stop sign with letters on the side and a symbal.
A white car with website address on it is standing in the intersection to cross.
firetruck in the right hand picture.
The red fire truck furthest to the right.
A dark horse with white patches being ridden by a man in a plaid shirt.
A woman in a black and white shirt about to swing a baseball bat.
A girl playing baseball.
The female above the dog.
person above dog.
A cake piece and white fork in a bowl.
The eclair has a chocolate sauce on top of it.
The bread that it vertical in the container.
A tan colored passenger van with painted windows pulled up to the sidewalk.
A grey van.
a train cover in artistic graffiti.
train painted with different scenes.
There is a train with a yellow front on the tracks.
A train with a yellow front and blue and red sides is at a station.
The train with the yellow front.
An olive bag carried by the lady with the red hat.
A dark green purse.
small infact with pacifer in mouth sleeping on bed with blue sheets.
A baby sleeping on the bed next to a tabby cat.
Single propeller plane with letters printed on the side.
a silver plane with a target painted on it.
A black and red steam engine on train tracks.
A  red & black train engine on the tracks moving forward.
The skater in blue shirt and black pants.
The boy in a blue t-shirt riding a skateboard on the rail next to a short staircase.
A man in a white shirt and a black helmet flashing a peace sign.
the man with the black helmet on the right.
The bed closest to the window.
The bed closest to the window.
A bride's hand with a wedding band overlapping a groom's hand.
two people holding hands and one hand has a ring on it.
A man without spectacles.
The reflection of the bald man.
Cow pulling away on right.
The right most cow.
A pizza on a conference room table, topped very heavily with mushrooms.
A mushroom pizza in a box.
The batter wearing white.
a baseball player preparing to swing his bat.
A bed in the bedroom with other bed also, on its right side.
a long bed at the side of wall.
A man wearing slacks and a Hawaiian print shirt.
man in a floral shirt.
Small bunch of bananas sitting in front of larger bunch.
A bunch of plantains to the lower left of several other bunches.
A half empty pan of pizza.
a silver trey with pizza.
A woman in awhite jacket.
A woman in a white jacket on skis in the snow next to 2 other women.
a woman in a green shirt holding an orange Frisbee outside.
A girl in a green tank top holding an orange Frisbee.
a boy in a blue shirt by two adults.
A boy with blue shirt putting the lolly pop on his mouth.
woman facing sailors.
An old lady with pink hat.
A child brushing its teeth.
A young boy is leaning on a bathtub, next to his father, brushing his teeth.
a cat in a chair looking at the camera with mostly white fur.
That cat that has brown fur.
The boy who is on the skateboard that is airborne over the staircase.
A picture of a man jumping down some stairs on a skate board.
braying zebra.
zebra to the bottom of the pic.
The tool in the lower left corner.
A half eaten cheese pizza on a red clothed table.
A red table surrounded by people and covered in various objects.
A man, in a striped shirt, holding a green laptop.
A man with white stripe shirt showing mini laptop.
A cat.
A gray striped cat laying on a blue towel.
A bottle of oil.
A bottle of oil being held by someone.
The wooden bench.
the green bench.
A white coffee table with a clipboard atop of it.
A small white table with a yellow notepad on top.
White couch under a mirror.
A couch with a mirror on the wall above it.
A truck with license plate E002 END.
A white Volvo delivery truck.
the giraffe whose head in 2nd highest.
rear most giraffe.
a black laptop on a wooden table.
A LAPTOP IS AT THE OFFICE TABLE NEAR BOOKS ARE ARRANGED.
An old man wearing a tie and spectacles.
A man wearing a tie and glasses.
A checked brown sofa that can sit three people.
A BROWN COLORED CHECKERED COUCH WITH WOOD FRAME.
A first Plane.
An airplane sitting at the gate in an airport.
Yellow fabric on a shelf behind a man.
Yellow bag with part of mans eyes and ear in the foreground.
A chair with a black seat.
Wooden chair with dark colored ripped padding on top.
A long white surfboard with light and blue stripes in the middle and a small child at the end of it.
Long white surfboard with a little boy on it.
The two giraffe necks togther eating.
The grey teddy bear.
A grey teddy bear is against the wall.
man holding two tennis balls.
Man holding two tennis balls.
Central sandwich.
The sandwhich in the back of the others.
An overweight guy in a white sweater playing wii.
Large man in white and gold sweater on the right.
Number 4 horse running on sand.
The winning dark horse under standing jockey in striped hat.
A homemade dessert that has liquid peanut butter running off it.
a pastry on the right.
banana on right on the tray.
A banana to the right of two others.
Back side of a green bus.
The green vehicle with a number on it.
A fresh pizza cut and sitting on a wooden tray directly next to the wine bottle.
persons hand on a tray of food.
The hand of the woman on the left.
A wooden counter top that has a man standing behind it.
women in black dress.
An asian woman with a book on her lap sitting on a red couch next to an asian man.
The boy in the green shirt.
A boy wearing a green top under a blue bedcover.
A tall giraffee that is the standing by a tree and is the tallest out of the three.
tall giraffe standing in the back.
A man watching baseball in a red shirt and a baseball cap.
An out of focus fan in a red shirt watches baseball.
last horse wearing purple.
Horse with pink blanket on.
A man with glasses ina black wet suit that is standing in front of a surf board.
surfer in black wetsuit on left.
Guy infront of the longboard.
The man in black throwing a ball.
A man in a black outfit pitching.
A serving bowl filled with vegetables and sitting on a table.
A white rectangular bowl filled with chicken and several types of vegetables.
A beverage in brown color bottle.
A glass bottle of a beverage next to two plates and a soda.
A man wearing a green jacket holding a wine glass.
A man in a green jacket.
A ORANGE COLOR SINGLE SOFA.
An orange fabric chair.
An empty table next to a man wearing a black shirt.
The table portion of a picnic table to the right of a man.
A tattooed skateboarder.
A BLACK JACKET PERSON IS SITTING WITH SKITTING BOARD.
a black cow on the beach.
A black cow.
white seagull above lighthouse.
A bird flying behind another bird.
A red vase full of flowers.
red vase on a desk with red and yellow flowers.
A man sitting on a couch wearing glasses and watching sports.
a man sits on the couch watching tv.
Brown and white toilet.
A white toilet seat with a brown top next to a brown door.
A black and silver handle with an Imac box next to it.
The bar of a hidden suitcase directly behind a white iMac box.
The utensil to the left of the pizza.
A piece of silverware to the left and slightly underneath a pizza at the end of the table.
A RED COLOR DRESS WEARING GIRL TAKING A PHOTO SNAP BY BLACK COLOR MOBILE OF WHITE AND BLUE COLOR CAKE.
A person wearing a pink coat taking a picture of a cake.
A small slice of a pizza with a large piece of ham on it.
The smallest portion of a pitza with pink sauce.
A black car behind a motorcycle.
A black car sitting behind a motorcycle.
A little girl wearing a yellow shirt with a ladybug on it.
A small girl wearing pink and yellow dress playing food ball.
brown double bus.
a red double decker bus with the number 113 on it.
a piece of bread with meat and peppers closest to the foreground.
truck on dirt.
truck.
The horse on the right snuggling the other horse.
The horse who is touching the other horse with its nose.
A person's left hand that is holding a white electronic device.
the hand holding the wii remote.
a dog with a black nose.
dog laying against pillow.
The person on the left holding the fuchsia umbrella.
A blue kite with a polar bear on it.
A polar bear licking a penguin in a cartoon drawing.
man holding the wine glass.
The man holding the wine glass.
A black food truck at the back of the line.
A black food truck.
yellow surfboard man without shirt is holding.
The surfboard held by the shirtless man.
A hotel bed with a bag set on it.
Second image of a snowboarder from the left.
chair that the lady with the blue paisley skirt and gray shirt is sitting in.
a brown chair with a woman wearing a grey top sitting.
back of dark sofa with a man sitting on it.
back side of love seat.
A zebra actively grazing in a field.
BABY ZEBRA EATING GRASS IS IN THE IMAGE.
A group of bananas in front of the woman who is cooking.
Banans sitting on a counter being used for cooking.
The taller of two sailors strides forward while the one beside him talks on a cell phone.
A sailor with two stripes on his sleeve.
A Yellow airplane that is inside of a hanger alongside other yellow planes that look just like it. It has the number 52 on it.
The plane on the right.
The sandwich whose cut end is facing left.
A non-triangular-ed sandwich.
Two giraffes with their necks crossed across from one another.  Nearest one you can see the dark colored knee caps.
The giraffee in the front among the two.
a man was sitting on sofa.
a man on his laptop.
A blue umbrella shielding a boy in a black sweatshirt and a boy in a blue jacket.
blue umbrella above boy in black.
The banana to the right of the left most banana.
banana second from left.
bow and arrow.
A bench with girl who is wearing a fashion dress.
The stuffed animal standing outside of the store.
Bear dressed as a british guard.
The carrots in the cup.
A cup full of freshly peeled carrots.
A double decker bus that is standing behind the white bus.
A blue double decker bus behind a white bus.
A motorcycles with the number 7 on it.
The bike with the purple and silver rim on back.
the 4 lights in the right hand picture.
The light that is not lit.
A girl is holding a vote sign.
lady hold a poster.
laptop.
Open laptop computer.
a woman kissing a man.
A woman kissing a man under an umbrella.
four people sitting down at a table eating a meal together.
first of three empty apothecary jars.
glass bottle behind the sicors.
A Cardinals player with a catcher's glove on his left hand sitting on a bench.
the man looking at the camera.
urinal directly in front of man in white hardhat holding a camera.
The urinal being workd on.
A giraffe sticking it's tongue out at a spectator.
The head of the giraffe that the woman is feeding.
a lady wearing glasses.
A woman in a white sweater playing wii.
A man dressed in black and holding skis.
The man holding skis wearing black pants.
Wineglass with writing on it laying in the grass.
The wine glass with its writing in focus.
A man in blue jeans and white socks.
the person in jeans sitting in the middle.
man holding game controller up to face.
A male in a blue and pink striped long sleeve shirt, playing the Wii.
A man with a blue shirt with two dogs.
A man with a blue shirt with his two dogs in front of him.
a chaild was smilling.
The taller girl in the back.
a light colored brown bear facing the camera with darker brown patches around its eyes.
The large bear facing the other bear.
Dragonfly kite being flown.
A  multi-colored kite in the sky with woman who has her arms outstretched towards it.
A yellow walk sign is facing away.
Middle zebra.
A zebra behind other zebras.
A gray car parked behind another car.
A silver colored car parked near a bridge by the water.
A woman holding a snowboard.
A blond girl is holding ice skate board.
A sheep hiding from a dog behind 2 other sheep.
A trailer with five windows showing behind the trucks.
White bus in the background.
a girl that's lying down competely.
girl fully reclined on bed.
a maroon car going in the direction of the bicycler.
dark red BMW car on far side of street.
The man with the blue button-up shirt.
A man with glasses holding a Wii controller.
the gray chair the woman in sitting on.
green chair with a woman sitting on it.
A woman wearing a printed blouse bending over to pull an object out of a drawer.
Woman in blue pants opening a drawer.
The clear glass in front with ice cream.
the closest emergency no parking in the right hand picture.
A man running towards a base, covered in dirt.
A baseball player in a dirty Dodger's jersey.
man wearing glasses holding wii controller.
A man with blond stringy hair, blue shirt, and jeans.
A giraffe standing between two other giraffe's by a pond.
giraffe walking in between other giraffes.
A man with glasses, a mustach and a short beard, wearing flannel pants and a black and yellow tye die tshirt and holding a wii controller in his right hand.
A man in a black and yellow tie-dyed shirt.
A white Volkswagen car on the road in the background behind a scooter parked with a dog riding in the travel case.
The parked white Volkswagen car.
A man in green short's.
man in black shirt trying to catch frisbee.
The man in the white shirt sitting down.
The seated man in a white shirt.
Man in orange crammed into suitcase.
A man folded up inside of a suitcase.
a pair of skies being used by a women.
A baseball catcher.
A catcher stands during a game.
a white oven in a kitchen.
A white appliance whith five knobs on it that is sitting in the background.
Red fold up chair sitting on a beach with a red and white piece of clothing on it.
A red chair sitting on the beach.
the backside of a giraffe.
A giraffe standing behind another giraffe.
A black version of the white camera being held in someone's hand.
MOTHER ID SITTING SIDE BY THE BABY.
lady sitting near to the kid.
The first wine glass on the left, which is the most visible.
An upside down wine glass next to another wine glass to the left of a basket full of fruit.
Carrot underneath sprouts.
A carret.
a man playing kickball facing the left.
A person in black shoes playing soccer.
Cup of soup on the side of the table.
The partially filled coffee cup, on the right.
A skateboarder in a jersey and camoflague pants.
The skater in a white shirt.
The young sheep nearest the adult.
A lamb with a patch of black on its neck and dark black eyes.
A man wearing white and posing.
A man getting ready to serve a tennis ball.
The picture of a man wearing sunglasses.
A face wearing glasses.
A small child eating ice cream cake.
A boy feeding himself using his right hand.
A bidet in a bathroom next to a toilet.
A white toilet with no seat on top.
large black bear on the right.
A large black bear is walking through a grassy area.
wooden chair.
A wooden chair where rose color t-shirt boy seated.
A black chair sits next to a wooden chair.
A black color single couch at the bottom right side.
adult surfer coming out of water.
man walking on beach with surf board.
A man in black pants standing behind men draining blood from sheep.
the 2nd piece of broccoli from the right in the right hand picture.
The racehorse on the right.
a container of red grapes.
The white tray to the upper left of the tray group,.
a man was smilling.
a smiling man.
a glass of tomato juice behind a plate.
Clear glass with murky liquid, but don't include the extra bit of spoon top.
Black colour keyboard.
a black keyboard on table with a laptop and mouse.
Tall giraffe with its nose behind a tree.
A giraffe standing with its nose behind a tree.
The second train enters the bus terminal.
A train with the numbers 444006 on the front of it.
The small building on the dock.
black lady.
a young girl being hugged by a man in a black tshirt.
a wooden bowl with the word Nnizhigu on it.
The bamboo steamer basket.
A RED SPORTS VEHICLE WITH THE HOOD OPEN FOR PEOPLE TO OBSERVE.
A white cake being decorated by a small boy.
a cake child decration.
burger and fries.
The french fries.
A snow covered green snowboard attatched to man.
a white snowboard on a mans feet.
A boy dressed in red holding a kite.
The kid in the red shirts and shorts.
A plate with brocoli on it.
A plate with broccoli.
man standing in white tee shirt next to woman smoking a cig.
Person fiddling with an umbrella.
A zebra in the wild.
zebra facing camera.
boy in orange shirt holding kite.
A boy in an orange shirt.
A standing woman taking a picture of a sitting woman.
A woman in a brown shirt.
A woman wearing a brown shirt and eating a hot dog.
A relatively old woman with a sandwich.
The red picnic table.
The red picnic table.
A giraffe at a zoo being pet by a woman.
giraffe being petted.
A man in an Old Navy hoodie riding a horse.
A man with a cap on the head ridding a horse with other two riders.
the left girl.
A girl holding a green surfboard standing at the edge of the ocean.
The dining chair at the right side of the table, facing the refrigerator.
Sandwich on white plate.
The sandwich on the plate.
woman standing closest to the sign.
A woman standing to the right of another woman.
The long brown ottoman.
A dark brown couch in front of a fireplace.
The boy with the red coat.
Boy in red coat.
the small bus in the fron the larger one.
red bus pulling out on the road.
A zebra with his head upright, standing behind the front-facing zebra.
Woman in a bue tanktop holding a pink cell phone.
Girl wearing a blue Penn State shirt looking at cell phone.
Toilet on the right of the camera in front of another toilet.
the toilet on the right sitting in the street.
A tennis referee in a blue jacket.
Man in long pants and baseball cap standing against the wall.
Chair with the duct tape on the armrest.
arm chair with throw pillow.
The ornate chair closest to the napkin holder.
The ornate chair closest to the salt shaker.
the pizza closer to the camera.
Cheese only pizza.
A tennis player wearing glasses and holding a racket to her chest.
A girl holds a racket to her chest and stands between two other people.
the fire truck in the front.
a toy of a fire engine.
A black keyboard that is sitting in front of a computer.
A black and gray wireless computer keyboard.
A large tall object being covered by a blue tarp.
COVERED TRUCK.
A skier in a black jacket is skiing down a hill.
A skiier is dressed in blue pants and white helmet.
The butt of an elephant.
the backside of an elephant close to the face of another elephant.
The person in front of the boy.
A person wearing a plain shirt.
A boy reaching out.
The blonde boy with his arm stretched out.
The woman in the brown shirt.
A girl with eyeglasses holding a cell phone.
three slices of pepperoni pizza.
A couple slices of pizza behind a spatula.
A hand holding scissors and cutting hair.
Hand holding scissors cutting brown hair.
The partially eaten pizza.
Most of a pizza with tomatoes, spinach, mushrooms and other toppings.
Girl wearing a yellow shirt.
Girl in yellow shirt and blue shorts.
The chicken nearest the broccoli.
A slice of the wrap that is next to broccoli.
A skier with a purple jacket.
A woman with skis in a purple jacket and wearing sunglasses.
the man wearing headphones.
Man wearing blue sweater listening to music.
A brown and black sheep with blue eyes.
A black and brown sheep.
man wearing glasses.
A person with brown shirt and specs on his eyes.
chair behind boy in blue in the right hand picture.
sofa in a hall.
A man wearing a gray shirt standing in front of the TV.
A person with a gray long sleeve shirt on.
the bird on the left sitting up most.
A mother dove guarding its baby.
The bed only partially seen.
the front bed in the right hand picture.
bottle on the right.
The bottle with the cork.
the skiiing that is barely visible on the left.
The arm of a skier who is wearing red in the snow.
A chef holding a utencil in his hand.
A chef wearin a white uniform cooking food.
A brown wooden chain.
a brown chair is behind a lady.
There is a bench in between two other benches.
set of benches in the middle.
dark brown couch with light color pillows on it in a living room.
black couch sitting in living room.
A woman's blonde, braided hair.
Braided hair of a blond woman at a salon.
a man wearing a grey tshirt and jeans holding a wii remote.
A man in a grey sweatshirt playing the wii against a girl in a white shirt.
Bear facing away from adult.
The little bear that is close to the big bear.
A skier standing to the left and wearing a green shirt.
A man with a green sweatshirt ready for skiing.
A boy is playing frisbee and throws it by doing a very active move.
man bottom right.
The soccer player the number 8 on his shorts.
A soccer play in maroon, gold and white pursuing the ball controlled by opponent in front of him.
Green colored sofa seen behind the boy and near to the cushion chair.
The side of a greenish looking couch that is barely visible.
female child riding between parents on motorcycle.
A baby between two adults on a motorcycle.
person wearing black standing behind seated child.
Person in black pants.
the upper body and shoulders of a giraffe, reaching for some food high on a tree.
body of a girrafe by a tree.
Kid with a gold medal for playing tennis.
The tallest of three children, in a black zip-up jacket.
A white boxy car parked.
Old Crown Victoria with tan colored top and white body.
guy who is sitting up high.
A man sitting in a chair.
A man in a boat in a white shirt and red baseball cap.
Man sailing in white shirt with red hat near bow of the boat.
A man in a white shirt bending over.
A man bending down working on a cars metal piece.
a man in sports dress.
A pitcher about to pitch  the ball.
Verical post nearest sign.
skis in the hands of the girl with a non-pointy hat.
a man with a closed helmet.
man riding a motercycle with two headlights.
The blue uniform on the right.
A manican dressed in all black bikewear.
a clear glass with orange juice.
Glass of orange juice to the left of three oranges and in front of juicer.
A young man wearing black smiling at the camera.
a person in gray clothes.
Larger boat.
brown and white wooden boat with many passengers on board.
The arm of a man in a dark grey suit and the shoulder of a person wearing a white shirt and green vest.
A person in an olive colored vest and white shirt standing next to a man in a suit.
a man talking into a cell phone and holding a refreshment.
A man with a black hat and a blue jacket.
a colour tv.
Screen showing man's shorts in color to right.
A large, tall glass next to a short, squat glass.
A clear bottle on a brown table.
Boy in black outfit skateboarding in an indoor park.
the skateboarder has a white helmet on.
A white cargo trailer attached to an SUV.
White trailer.
brown color sofa near black cat.
The couch on the right side of the image.
Gold car moving on the street in front of a truck and other vehicles.
The yellow car.
A cow.
a brown and white cow.
A yellow bus whosw windshield is visible, in front of another yellow bus.
Yellow bus in front of the other yellow bus.
an asian man wearing glasses.
A man in glasses.
Girl riding a black horse.
A girl wearing a blue hat on a black horse jumping over some wood in a field.
A girl in a blue uniform and orange socks throws a softball.
A girl tossing a softball.
There is a person standing by the table wearing a pocket book.
PERSON BEHIND THE FOOD WITH BAG STRAP SHOWING.
A floral sofa farthest from the fire place.
Floral designed sofa in the Living room.
zebra in the back side.
The zebra in the back.
blonde boy 4th from left.
A BOY WEAR PINK COLOUR T-SHIRT &BLACK COLOUR HALF-PANT HOLDING A WATERBOTTLE.
the wine glass to the right of the bottles of wine.
An empty wine glass on the table.
arm chair next to TV stand at foot of bed.
the closest brown chair.
a gray and white blanket next to the cat.
A striped, wool blanket.
A chair that is occupied by a Black girl.
A chair with a black kid eating noodles in it.
Kids cycle parked on the lawn.
Computer monitor with Laptop in the computer table.
A computer monitor which is on with a scarecrow in the night as a background.
A Nissan truck.
A white Nissan Super GL pick up truck.
A man in jeans, and a blue and green scarf, jumping in the air.
A boy with white glasses jumping in the air.
The motorcycle rider in red.
A motorcyle rider on a red and white bike.
A brown dog on a red leash being led by a woman.
A dog that is being walking with a red leash by a woman wearing boots.
an ash color bicycle held by a man.
A gray bicycle being held by a man wearing dark gray.
A GIRL  WEARING THE SNOW KIT AND DRESS WITH HIS PARENTS.
Boy in blue jumpsuit.
Jet that is further down the runway with its door open.
A plane in the background with a flag painted on the tail.
A black cow with a white splattered stripe on its back.
A black cow with a white stripe.
A woman official in a blue shirt and sunglasses.
The man in the blue shirt.
A man walking down the sidewalk with a white umbrella.
That guy is wearing tight blue jeans and a blue jacket with rolled up sleeves.
The close up of the face.
A face holding a phone.
A white mug of coffee with cream on a breakfast table next to a stack of pancakes.
Full cup of coffee.
The bench of the table across from the couple sitting.
The outside bench of a table with two people sitting on the other side.
The front part of the motorcycle that is on the left of the other motorcycle's side car.
A motorcycle on the left.
The boy with blonde hair.
A small boy with curly hair about to get his teeth brushed.
An elephant stepping on a large log.
elephant on far right with left leg on trunk.
A giraffe with a tall neck between two others.
The head and front legs of a giraffe walking past a building.
white apple computer monitor displaying two web pages.
An iMac computer beside a computer monitor.
A woman in a white shirt without glasses.
a woman wearing an apron holding a knife and making pie.
A mouse that has buttons that cannot be seen.
A woman with dark hair and glasses sitting front of the a birthday cake.
a woman in the cake.
A red and white train with a blue stripe across the bottom.
A red, blue and white train.
white colored electronic equipment in which the food plate is placed.
A white oven beneath the metal trays.
piece pizzza.
A person wearing a black shirt and ripped jeans holding a skateboard to the right of another man.
The boy in front without a cap.
A batch of carrots that have been sliced.
Cooked carrots.
A person sitting down who is wearing a grey hooded sweatshirt.
Spectator wearing all grey at a tennis match.
man with argyle shirt and white hat.
An elderly man wearing a tall, white hat.
a man wearing a hat skating.
An older man in a reindeer sweater.
A boy wearing a white shirt with red tie.
Young man in white shirt with red tie over his shoulder.
A woman in a yellow shirt is near some bananas.
Person in white t-shirt looking away.
An elephant standing in the water spraying water out of its trunk.
An elephant blowing water out of its trunk.
A boy with a black color shirt playing game.
player in black.
A woman riding a horse over a hurdle.
A speed boat with writing on it.
the speedboat in the water facing the right.
the leaning elephant.
This is a soccer player wearing a green shirt, who is blocking an opponent.
The man in the number five jersey that has just headed the soccer ball.
A boy in blue holding up his cell phone.
A boy holding up a cell phone.
bear on bottom left.
Back side of a bear drinking water from the pond .
a woman posing with bluish hair.
A girl with glasses and long black hair in a sidecar on a motorcycle.
The front of a red motorcycle dirven by a man with a woman riding on the back.
A red motorcycle.
A silver extended cab truck parked next to the left of a small car.
A beige pickup truck.
A baseball player in a white and red uniform swinging at the ball.
base ball player in gray and red uniform hits a ball.
A bowl of sliced strawberries.
strabbery pieces in a glass bowl.
This is a very tall wooden chair.
A wooden chair sits behind a table of a pastry display.
The man in the white shirt that has writing on the back of it.
a man in a white shirt.
Large amount of tangerines in a white shopping bag.
An open bag full of oranges.
The sliced apple to the far left.
Quartered slice of apple to the left of two other pieces of apples on the edge of a small plate.
Red luggage.
a large read suitcase sitting on the ground.
A blue Toyota car driving.
The back end of a dark blue car driving down the road with license plate in view.
Keyboard of the laptop on the left hand side of the desk.
The bowl of orange marmalade that has a butter knife in it.
An image of an lemon marmalade drink in a cup with a stirring stick.
A cup of coffee on a saucer that is sitting on a table.
Cappuccino at table, next to pastry and sparrows.
the black car that is lowest.
the black car on the far right.
A clown with a dish in his face.
A woman wearing a clown outfit with a pan on her face.
A young girl in a pink shirt and light blue jean shorts.
A girl catching a frisbee from another child.
GEORGIA player with his hands on his hips.
A man standing wearing a baseball uniform with the word Georgia on it.
The giraffe closest to the gate.
Black couch sitting on a wooden floor in a living room.
a black colour shoppa.
Elephant with people riding it.
A double decker bus on the road.
This is a man bending over to pick up a tennis ball.
A man playing tennis picking a tennis ball up.
A man with a hat and glasses on.
A man in glasses wearing a cap.
The man in the background with a white shirt.
A man in a white shirt walking into the ocean.
the side of a man's face wearing glasses and a striped shirt looking at two phones.
the man playing with the cell phone.
A man in a white shirt sits on a chair.
A piece of white material hanging.
The zebra on the left.
The left most zebra.
A person drinking from a cup.
man drinking from cup.
A wine bottle with a white label.
A sample bottle of wine opened and emptied.
A chair on which a baby is sitting.
A high chair.
The back of a man's head in the distance.
The man behind the woman on the left, who is only showing the back of his head.
A man in black t shirt sitting with a man in blue shirt.
A man wearing a black pullover.
A baby zebra that is grazing near its mother.
A brown and white zebra stands next to a larger zebra.
A table on which a mug of beer is sitting on.
A table with two beers on it.
White car on the other side of the barrier.
A small white car parked on a ferry waiting to leave.
Cow furthest to the left.
Largest cow which is left of two others.
Wine glass with base of glass blocked.
A wine glass to the right of an identical glass.
A blue sofa couch with brown pillows.
The blue couch.
A baked stacked on another on a plate.
A donut or piece of bread on a plate.
the first zebra from the front.
zebra in the front side.
A duck with the lifted neck standing on the roof.
A bird standing to the right of another bird.
a baseball catcher in a red unifrom shirt is trying to catch a ball.
A catcher in a baseball game.
Infant in green top lying in bed.
A child in a green stripped shirt, sleeping.
A man in a blue dress shirt.
A tennis referee sitting in a green chair.
A medium colored giraffe standing next to a larger, darker colored giraffe.
A GIRAFFE WITH HIS COLLEAGUE IN THE FIRST POSITION NEAR BY DEER.
Half of sandwich behind other half.
Sandwich half above pickle.
The coffee with a spoon in it.
coffee with the blue handle.
red wine in glass.
A glass of red wine.
The large container of lemonade.
A large jar of lemonade, with a yellow lid.
Table with the flowers.
A wooden dining room table with placemats out.
A video game controller that is being held by a child wearing a brown shirt.
a remote control in the little boy's hand.
White skiis on a snowcoved mountainside.
Child playing with electronic device as he sits on couch with his parents.
A boy playing games sitting on the couch with bare feet.
The person in a striped sweater and dark pants.
The man is standing in front of the oven.
An apple with a nose, eyes and mouth has it's mouth open.
The apple with its mouth wide open.
a man with blue T shirt and gray short.
a man wearing a violet t shirt.
The cake that is not being cut in the image.
The cake with the rainbow.
A carrot cut into pieces and kept ready to cook.
The choopped arrots next to the celery.
a girl in a purple shirt.
The girl in the purple shirt.
A young boy who is eating a donut.
A small kid eating a cookie.
the man on the right.
tennis player on right stretching.
a doughnut on the top of other three.
Brown object with a single hole.
a kid with a blue bubble coat.
A plate of food.
The top bowl of food with the meat in it.
The giraffe looking towards the right.
an orange giraffe in the midle of the picture.
A blue tennis racket being held by the man wearing blue.
A racket held at the side of the player wearing blue as he greets his opponent at the net.
Representative Judy Clibborn.
A woman wearing a black rain jacket.
A long pair of scissors.
gold-handled longest scissors.
Second giraffe from left in photo.
Giraffes walking in front of a bush.
Woman sitting next to motorcycle.
helmet weared woman.
Quarter of a sandwich closest to edge of table and corner of white plate.
French toast topped with bananas.
red and white checkered table cloth.
A horse at the second line of with a pink and white lined rope tied on its neck.
Horse behind other horses with man standing next to it.
A half of a pulled pork sandwich in the background.
A sandwich on the plate with a blue labeled stick on it.
BROWN HORSE RIGHT SIDE OF OF SCREEN.
A dark brown horse standing behind the others.
The chair with a bare back but a towel on the seat.
A chair with a beige blanket on top of it.
The book titled Paljon Onnea.
Children's story book, Paljon Onnea with other children's books.
Baby giraffe.
A baby giraffe stands next to an adult giraffe.
The trainin the middle that is using its windsheild wipers.
A long train pulled up alongside its platform.
The largest vase.
The large vase on the left.
Three carrot sticks in bowl.
Thin slices of carrots.
A older man with a black and white hawaiin shirt.
A man in a flowered, Hawaiian shirt, using a computer.
The blurry figure of a man sitting down.
A man wearing jeans sitting on a chair, holding a remote controller in his hand.
Folded partly-eaten piece of pizza dipped in ranch dressing.
A folded slice of pizza with white sauce on it.
A black upside umbrella that is being held up by a woman.
Upside down black umbrella.
A BROWNALE IN A TABLE WITH FOOD.
A BEER BOTTLE IS PLACED ON THE TABLE.
right leg of person wearing jeans and white shoes standing on skateboard.
A person on a skateboard wearing blue pants.
A black horse pulling a chariot painted on the side of some pottery.
The black horse on the vase.
both black benches in the photo.
a woman with long black hair sitting behind the young boy.
A women looking at small baby.
It's a traffic light.  The first color is red, the second is yellow and the third is green.
A traffic light with the green light shining.
A brown table with white lap top on it.
the wooden table top.
A man in a white shirt swinging an object.
a person in a white shirt and purple shorts.
A person in blue jeans and black shirt next to a white garbage can,.
a person wearing black.
Guy on bench with striped suit.
A man wearing a navy blue shirt looking at a giraffe enclosure.'.
A man wearing a baseball cap and glasses.
A woman in bed beside a man with her pink shirt over her face.
A women with auborn hair covering her face with her magenta colored shirt.
The motorcycle furthest to the right.
The First police motorcycle.
An umpire waiting for the pitch.
The Umpire.
Player who's back is turned and helmet is up.
man with helmet in one hand, raising bot arms.
The animal laying down closest to the camera.
The sheep laying down with the pink spot.
Table cloth of the people who are not posing for camera.
A green VW van.
The front of a green and white vw van.
white horse near fence.
tallest horse in the image.
A baseball player at home plate with a Guerrero jersey on.
A batter.
a person in the background with a white shirt and black pants.
A man with a white shirt and black pants in the back and between the two men using cell phones.
A baseball player hitting the ball so hard his bat breaks.
White colour dressed man is playing.
A woman having black color umbrella.
the woman in the right hand picture.
The spoon sitting on top of the plate.
A silver spoon sitting on a white plate.
The light brown bear with it's back to the camera.
A bear sleeping in the corner of a cage laying next to another bear.
A child in a light blue shirt sitting in between two other children.
The kid wearing grey between the two other kids.
A baseball player swinging a bat.
A Seattle Mariner swinging a bat.
man holding beer.
A man in a black tie.
A table full of food.
A black tablecloth with snacks on it.
Blonde woman in white blouse sitting at table.
A woman wearing sleeveless white top.
The cow with the lighter fur.
A light brown buffalo with horns, standing in front of another buffalo in a field.
The man wearing a black suit holding an umbrella over his head.
man in black holding umbrella.
pizza with spinach on top.
An uncooked spinach and feta pizza.
A woman in a long sleeve blue shirt chopping up vegetables.
A young lady with brown hair, dressed in a blue shirt.
A blue plane preparing to land.
A red, blue, and white airplane in the air.
The legs of the furniture behind the suitcase that can be seen the most.
wooden stand in the left upper corner.
The couch along the brick wall.
The chair underneath hearth.
Woman getting teeth cleaned.
A women in a black shirt having her teeth touched.
smaller child on left side of bathtub.
younger of the two boys in the tub.
a wine glass to the right of a water glass.
a glass to the far right.
A sheep standing in the middle of two other sheep.
Sheep in between two other sheep.
The oven door on the left.
the oven on the left.
the man in red.
A man wearing a maroon long-sleeved shirt.
A mini refridgator with a lot of stickers on the front.
A mini fridge complete with many different magnets and stickers.
Blurry animal sitting on a step.
A dog laying godnw.
A yellow and green bus to the left of a man riding a bicycle.
A bus with an advertisement on it.
The front of the train closest to the platform in grey and cream with separated windows.
the train on the left.
A brown-and-white cow standing in a field.
A brown and white cow.
A white man wearing a blue shirt and black pants near a woman in a kitchen.
A man in blue blurred in the camera.
empty table space at right of woman.
The woman to the left of the terrified looking woman.
A person with a white bracelet.
The white chair is pushed out.
the chair closer to the wine.
a man in blue blazer ready to ski.
A man wearing skiis, a blue jacket, and an orange hat.
A giraffe with another giraffe behind it.
The taller giraffe in front.
A brown color cow sitting on the field.
A light brown cow with a yellow tag in the grass.
A man playing tennis.
a tennis player aggressively hitting the ball.
A brown-haired man in a green shirt.
A man in a green moose shirt.
An empty table behind the pizza.
The empty black table.
the man sitting on the right.
The man sitting on the right.
A patially eaten supreme pizza on a white plate.
The pizza on the white plate is topped with vegetables like tomatoes.
A white single chair.
white chair facing the couch.
fingers with orange plup.
thumb holding orange.
Little portion of the bike glass on the right corner of the image.
woman with trench coat and red boats walking in the rain.
woman with red rain boots.
A brown and white horse.
A person riding a brown & white horse in front of another horse who's behind.
The seat and back cushions of a white chair.
The bar stool to the right of the other one.
The barstool on the right at the granite counter top.
the biggest bear, showing her protective side.
The biggest black bear behind two smaller black bears.
asian bride wearing a wedding gown and veil.
The woman in the wedding dress.
A TEDDY BEAR CHILD SITTING SEPARATELY NEAR BY HIS MOTHER AND CHILD TEDDY BEAR.
A small teddy bear with a pink bow in front of an old radio.
a baseball player taking a swing.
A baseball player wearing a red shirt, red helmet, and white pants is batting. \.
A dad holding an orange Frisbee.
The kneeling man that has a frisbee.
A cabbage behind some apples.
A white laptop sitting on a table.
A white apple laptop.
A piece of pizza with spinach on it.
A whole slice of pizza on a white plate in front of candles and flower.
The tallest giraffe out of all three.
Tall zebra standing first from left.
The bowl with the rice in it.
A side of rice.
A white chair nearest to the entrance of the dining room.
The white chair in the distance.
The coat on the back of the chair that the lady with big earrings is sitting on.
The top of a chair with a gray coat over it.
Tennis player in a blue shirt.
A man in a blue shirt with a tennis racket.
A tablet in front of a white keyboard.
A tablet on a desk.
A pink and purple cake of a castle with HAPPY BIRTHDAY letters.
A cake on a table.
A parked bicycle beside a vegetable selling cart.
A black bicycle.
An open laptop next to a mouse.
a laptop computer with a mouse.
The skier with the rainbow colored hair, white jacket, and blue pants.
A man in the snow talking on the cell phone.
A man in black jacket working on a laptop.
man in suit looking at laptop.
A lady holding a birthday cake in multicolored dress.
A white cow.
The white cow.
surfer with wet toes.
man wearing surfing suit and holding surfboard as we walks out of water.
A man throwing a frisbee.
A guy holding a frisbee.
A big black leather couch.
Black leather couch behind child.
A surfer in the background rising up to catch a big wave.
man on surf board on all fours.
A motorcycle without a rider.
A black motorcycle with a license plate reading 452099.
Bride in her wedding dress and vail cutting the cake with her groom.
a woman in a wedding dress cutting a cake.
the arm and body holding the baby in the right hand picture.
the hand and body holding the baby in the right hand picture.
a man with black coat, pizza and a cup of beer.
A smiling man wearing a black shirt and a black jacket holding a napkin.
man in blue shirt holding a umbrella.
the man holding blue umbrella.
man in blue shirt.
The donut far from the camera.
cookie in the back side of the image.
The man in military garb.
the main in the yellow and black suit.
A man in dark shirt and tan pants.
A man in grey pants and brown shirt.
A white toilet facing towards the right.
A white toilet sitting on the grass.
A baseball player sliding into a base.
a baseball player in a white and blue uniform slides toward a base whle an Angels player catches the baseball.
jumping boy over a skating board.
skateboarder jumping.
Boy squatting and waiting to throw a ball.
A young boy baseball catcher wearing a black shirt, grey pants with catchers pads about to throw a baseball.
Three-seat leather couch, black in color.
A black couch in a living room behind a pool table.
A brown chair sitting at a table.
UPPER PART OF A WOODEN CHAIR.
White tablecloth in the background.
the white table cloth behind the parson with red shirt.
Uneaten sausage in a bun with pickles and onions.
A hot dog in a bun topped with pickles and onions.
windows laptop.
A laptop.
an asian woman holding a green bag.
a woman wearing jeans, white top and black sweater.
A man wearing a blue shirt.
A man who is getting dressed with the help of a woman.
Pizza with only sausage and cheese on it.
A frozen pepperoni pizza on a baking sheet.
Two pizzas near each other in the middle of a table.
two pizzas in the background.
A tall giraffe that is standing between two smaller ones.
large giraffe in the middle.
The catcher who is knelt down.
A catcher during a baseball gaming.
The spoon on the bottom right under the bowl with the black stuff in it.
A spoon in front of a cup which has black cream in it.
A clear bottle containing blue mouthwash.
The blue mouthwash bottle near the mirror.
A lady in scarf and clothing smiles while stirring a pot.
The lady standing bare foot with a pink scarf on heard head, and a pink plaid shirt.
bottle directly to right of bowl of oranges.
Center glass jar of three.
A brown sofa with a remote on top.
The chair holding the remote.
The umpire in the baseball game.
A baseball umpire standing behind a catcher.
Green double decker bus with yellow banner on the side.
This is a large green bus next to a yellow truck.
a sheep that is next to two others.
The sheep which is on the extreme right hand side.
Woman in a multicolored tank top to the left of the woman in pink.
A woman in a flowered tank top seated at a bar.
The boy that is about to blow out the candles.
A young boy sitting in a chair.
A  dark man with a blue apron perparing food.
a man in a blue apron manning a grill.
A table, with a game projection device, being played by two boys wearing shorts.
A table holding a gaming system.
Bear facing forward in the grass.
A bear sitting up.
man sitting on chair.
A man with glasses in soccer jersey.
Giraffe in the middle is eating leaves.
A giraffe in between two giraffe.
person on left.
A shirtless man with a flower cloth wrapped around him.
A surfboard being held over a womans head.
The woman's surfboard.
FOUR GIRAFFE IN THE ZOO.
The giraffe who's next is behind the closest giraffe.
White car next to yellow car.
a nice white car in the back round.
a zebra in front of two other zebras.
zebra  in full view.
A opened green bag on the sofa.
A chair with a square opened suitecase in it.
The top doughnut that is still in the bag.
The donut with the least amount of it out of the bag.
The duck walking on the sidewalk.
a duck looking at its reflection.
A dark-haired man in a white tee shirt.
A man in a white shirt.
kid in striped shirt.
A women in a brown shirt.
A brown ox pulling a cart with a white ox.
A brown cow side of another cow pulling cart.
yellow color tie in the alternate persons.
a woman.
The woman that is only half seen.
A person in black holding a dog.
arm of person next to dog.
A little boy in a camouflage shirt.
The boy in the camouflage shirt.
A person wearing a red helmet and riding a blue scooter.
Man wearing a red helmet.
This bird search the food deeply.
bird in the front.
The woman holding a pan in her left hand.
A woman in an apron and uniform holding two pots.
the horse wearing a red face mask.
Horse with red cap haorse man.
A pizza with tomato slices.
A pizza with the tomato on its top.
bench being leaned on.
The post the people are leaning on.
person wearing black shirt and cap watching tennis.
A MAN WATCHING TENNIS WEARING A CAP.
A table with a white tablecloth over it but nothing else on the table, shown to the left of a horse with a rider.
A table with a white cloth and nothing on top.
the piece of bread with black on it.
the elephant that is in front of the other elephant.
An elephant walking at the side of a pond.
top bunk on right side of compartment.
mattress above head to right of other mattress above head.
A baby giraffe walking behind two other giraffes in the wilderness.
a smaller giraffe walking behind larger giraffes.
A blurry individual with a baseball glove on.
a blurred man.
The animal on the left.
A black cow with no spots.
boat.
A boat tied to a dock.
a blonde young girl dressed in light blue is sitting on a bench.
The girl in white on the right.
A woman wearing a black hat with a phone to her ear.
A woman wearing a black hat, sitting in front of a young man.
the lady who has red hair.
Person with red hair.
A man with a blue shirt taking a piece of cake.
The boy doing tricks on skateboard in a black shirt and black pants.
A teenaged boy wearing black jeans and a black shirt, skateboarding in a park.
The rear of a red SUV.
The back of the red vehicle.
Pizza with chives and a lot of tomato sauce.
A fresh pizza has mozzarella, amongst other ingredients.
cat sitting on windowsill.
Cat sitting in window.
The leftmost clock face.
clock on left.
a red colour bottle.
The red bottle that has a white lid.
man skating between cones.
The skateboarder with the camo jacket.
giraffe with head extended out of picture frame.
A giraffe with its neck bent down in front of other giraffes.
A BENCH IS PLACED ON THE SEA SHORE.
A wooden park bench facing to the right.
A giraffe laying on the ground and facing right.
giraffe sitting on grass.
A woman in yellow shirt and black shorts with an orange bandanna trying to catch a frisbee.
woman reaching for a frisbee.
A red recliner viewed through a fisheye lense.
A single person arm chair in a living room setting with no one sitting in it.
The man in the blue shirt with the brown hat.
man running left most side of the image.
Elephant closest to camera.
The young woman with a black top and blue skirt holding a pizza near two other women.
A woman in a blue dress holding a pizza.
A WHITE COLOR KEYBOARD IS IN FRONT OF THE MONITOR AND A LAPTOP IS ALSO AT THE COMPUTER TABLE.
A detached computer keyboard.
the red police car.
A red BMW police car sits parked nearby other vehicles.
The home plate umpire looks on as the batter tosses away his bat on his swing.
An umpire wearing a black helmet and blue shirt with the number 54 on the sleeve.
an older man swinging a tennis racket.
A tennis player wearing black T-shirt smashing the ball.
The white vase, but not the flowers.
A white jug with a handle being used as a vase.
a cat that looked shocked with big green eyes.
A mirror image of a cat seeing the mirror.
The laughing man on the left.
The man on the left with glasses and his eyes shut.
Man in black pants and black shirt crouched over looking at floor.
The bald guy in black.
A man in a white sweatshirt.
boy without glasses.
The orange colored bowl containing oranges.
A orange bowl with oranges in it.
A pillow in front of the dog's front leg.
while pillow and man lying on it.
An old woman ordering food.
A person with a black cap waiting to be served in a fast food cafe.
Giraffe standing on the ground inside a wildlife park with another giraffe.
A giraffe that is walking behind another.
a long truck in orange color is moving in road.
A big orange semi truck.
a glazed donut with a hole in it.
the far right donut.
woman with white shoes and scarf.
Woman wearing black pant and grey sweater walking with a man rolling a luggage.
The guy in white is trying to block the guy in blue.
Player in a white uniform is preventing a player in blue from throwing the frisbee.
The smallest horse.
YOUNG FOAL.
A black suitcase with a pink bandana tied to it on a horse's left side.
suitcase on left side of horse.
A chair with a kid and his laptop on it.
The middle cheesecake of the 3.
The pastry behind the pastry in view.
A fish stick sits mushed into the creamed broccoli on a plate.
A fish stick on a plate touching the vegetables next to it.
the teddy bear that the child is holding.
The bear in the child's lap.
Body of someone with a Marines outfit in background.
A nursing lamb.
Lamb suckling from its mother.
A white folded t-shirt.
white color dress in the image.
An elephant in between two other elephants walking down a path.
An elephant in between two other elephants.
a commercial microwave oven.
The woman with sunglasses on her head.
woman in white shirt.
Man next to white horse.
A man in a hat standing by a white horse.
The person on the left with the blue wristband who is drinking wine.
A woman holding a glass of wine while talking to a man and woman.
a pitcher filled with sauce.
A glass container of dressing sits in front of a plate of food.
A woman standing with a toddler.
A woman in a gray sweater and jeans helping a child.
a woman in a purple dress.
a woman in a long purple sarong type dress.
A wooden boat with RX58 on its side.
wooden boat on a beach with RX58 as a label.
a plate underneath a bowl of soup.
A poon next to a white bowl.
The boat furthest to the left.
A person riding a bike with a blue and white stripped shirt.
The guy that is driving the motorcycle.
smaller side of sandwich.
The farthest bun.
A couch is in the back of a pickup truck, carrying children.
a couch with three children sitting on it in the back of a blue pickup.
The black colored keyboard, below which a drawer is found.
baseball player hitting the ball.
A baseball player swinging a bat.
A tennis racket held by a man in a gray shirt.
a tennis racket held by a man wearing a nike shirt.
A girl in a blue and yellow shirt.
a girl with a blue and yellow shirt and kacki pants.
Man in white helmet riding on motorcycle.
A motorcycle ridden by a man in a white helmet.
A laptop computer that is open and near the camera.
The near laptop.
a man putting a ring on another mans finger.
A bald-headed man with a blue tie on.
A cheese pizza with olives on a white plate.
A pizza in a white plate infront of white t shirt man.
A black SUV speeding past a red double-decker bus on a London street.
a black car next to a red double bus.
The girl with umbrella is walking.
Young woman with umbrella walking next to woman carrying a child.
The handle of some luggage.
The handle to the man's luggage.
A blue and white plane at an airport.
the blue and white plane.
The arm of a red chair with a blue blanket on the back of it.
A red chair is being sat on.
A black laptop placed near a white one.
A black laptop.
A bear with a fish in his mouth.
A bear with a fish in it's mouth.
A leather sofa with a person sitting on it.
The brown couch, a person sitted on it.
Kite in left photograph.
motor cycle with red tank.
A red and black motorcycle.
The middle tier of the cake with handcuff icing.
The layer of the cake with handcuffs on it.
Baby boy in red shirt brushing his teeth.
A kid in a red shirt holding a red toothbush.
computer screen on right.
A MONITOR IN THE EXTREME RIGHT SIDE.
The part of the bowl of stew that has the spoon in it.
A silver spoon in a bowl of red stew.
A little boy with food in his mouth.
a boy with grey shirt.
An empty glass close to the camera.
An empty wine glass sitting on a table.
The person in the black shirt who's shoulder is only seen.
black shirt and half of an arm.
the arm carrying the tray.
person wearing grey top holding a tray of doughnuts.
A bowl sitting to the left of a large blue vase.
a brown cow.
Brown cow standing on dirt.
A train that's front car is not visible.
train with number 7801.
A giraffe that is standing behind the dried tree.
the giraffe on the far left hidden behind the trees.
small child with blond hair.
The child sitting at the desk.
red skiis next to white snowboard.
A red pair of skis on the rack.
the laptop that is facing away.
The monitor behind the laptop.
The front white van.
A white van front.
the first phone in the row.
A blue cell phone with antenna on top right corner.
person with arms up.
Man with arms outstretcher.
1940's Diamond T truck.
a truk was in a black colour.
Two avocados.
a glass bowl that holds two avacados.
A man in a suit lying on a bench.
a statue of a man laying on a bench.
A black train in a museum next to a blue train.
Black train with yellow stripe.
The lady sitting on the floor.
woman sitting with mobile.
A wine glass sits nearest the plate of olives and cheese antipasto.
A glass with red wine, near a plate of appetizers.
A sundae with some of the ice cream eaten out of it on top of a red plate.
A glass with vanilla ice cream in it.
A black leather sofa with two leopard print throw pillows.
A black, three seat couch with two additional square pillows.
Top of the boat carrying flowers and recliners.
A boat with brown chairs and flowers on it.
the silver bowl in the right hand picture.
a chrome bowl.
An Asian woman in a black shirt.
Asian girl sitting on a couch with a wii remote in her hands beside another girl with light colored hair.
The girl who is giving a high five to the boy.
A girl with specs standing on the side of the chimney.
A BUS OVERTAKING ANOTHER BUS.
A yellow and red bus on the street.
man on right.
a man sitting in a rocking chair playing on a lapop.
a bicycle with a black front basket.
A bicycle with a basket being rode by a man with a messenger bag.
Adult holding up toddler.
a man's hands around the waist of a baby.
The woman facing the camera.
A young attractive Hispanic woman.
The brown bull that is the farthest back from the others.
Brown color bull waling behind the two bull only face is visible.
A two seater sofa with a fan on its left.
a sofa was in the room.
A man in a brown shirt and blue jeans with a lanyard around his neck walking towards the laptop that has an umbrella above it.
A man wearing a brown short-sleeve shirt, blue jeans and glasses.
A doughnut rests on top of two other doughnuts on a sheet of wax paper.
A chocolate donut with chocolate frosting.
A young boy talking on a cell phone wearing a turquoise turtleneck with a brown short sleeve tee shirt over it.
child on phone.
Diced carrots are laying on a wooden chopping board.
Carrot pieces that are shaped like cubes.
A white couch under a TV.
White couch against the wall under the TV.
A carry on bag with a  silver back pack inside of it.
gray backpack in a bag.
A powdered jelly donut laying on top of a stack of donuts.
Doughnut on top of the stack.
A police officer in a black uniform standing between to signs.
the legs of the giraffe we cannot see.
leftmost set of giraff legs.
A gentleman wearing glasses tying a necktie.
the man trying to wear a tie.
a water can.
A bottle of liquid sitting on the back of a counter.
horse front left.
A brown and white horse to the left of another.
A clear vase that has yellow, blue and green paint on it.
The fully pictured vase on the right hand side.
A man dress in a dark shirt and light shorts.
An old man in black shirt checks the racket.
A child in a yellow shirt pointing to a phone.
A young man in a yellow tee shirt.
Bycycle in the right hand.
A bicycle held in the right hand of a police officer.
The man in blue on the left.
the man on the left in the right hand picture.
dog climbing on the window.
The dog with a paw on the windowsill.
Dog on the left.
black and white dog.
The painted white surface of the table without bananas.
table with white top being used to hold fruits.
A CHILD ELEPHANT STATUE WITH HIS MOTHER STATUE.
Elephant standing under other elephant.
little boy in black hat.
the boy with the black hat.
A red double decker bus in the street.
A red bus behind a grey bus.
smallest boy in the image.
a child standing in the snow.
A man who is skateboarding with his friend.
A person standing near the railing with one foot raised.
Woman holding a game remote above her head.
The woman wearing glasses and holding the joysticks.
A little girl wearing Dora pajamas, playing Nintendo Wii.
A little girl wearing a Dora the Explorer t-shirt holding a remote controller.
A table with two glasses on it.
A round white table with a laptop on it.
The crazy haired guy with a blank stare.
A man sitting in front of the screen at the end of the table with a gray jacket.
A horse being led by it's trainer presenting the horse with a saddle.
a horse being led by an equestrian.
A red canoe stacked between to green canoes.
a group of three canoes, two green one red.
baby zebra head.
the head of the baby zebra.
A big juicy fresh orange held by a little boy.
The orange to the right of two apples.
A brown horse with a rider in a blue jacket.
The lightest colored tan horse.
A blonde boy in an orange hoodie eating a donut.
A boy wearing an orange hooded sweatshirt.
A truck next to a motorcycle.
the black car to the left of the bike.
A man with a mustache wearing a red jacket and black shorts.
man in red jacket.
Medium sized giraffe next to large rock feeding on grass in metal enclosure on tree.
a spoon in hand.
Person holding a spoon.
3 glasses of iced water with a women making evil eyes.
The plate in front of the woman in red who is holding her hand over one eye.
the white lounge chair.
The plastic white pool chair with no cushion on it.
The sheep in the bottom right looking at the camera.
the closets sheep in the front.
a bus named gunther.
A large white bus is first in line at a curb with two other buses behind it.
A person wearing glasses and a black shirt.
A woman in specs.
THE BLUE BARREL WITH "SHOP" WRITTEN ON IT.
the green wooden boat.
The pizza not being cut.
The black keyboard.
A black keyboard for a PC sitting on a wooden computer desk.
A brown horse with a white cover over its eyes.
A black horse wearing a white blinder.
The rightmost chair.
The motorcycle that has a burgundy windshield.
the dark maroon motorcycle behind the red one.
A bald man in a blue shirt sitting by a door.
An older man with glasses who is not drinking.
a man with glasses holding a boy.
the man holding the child.
A catcher at a baseball game wearing number 35 jersey.
A baseball player trading someone out.
SUITCASE IN THE MIDDLE.
a suitcase between two others.
brown tusked elephant with a short tail.
A brown elephant with its trunk tucked in standing to the left of a gray elephant over a pool of water.
A white electroni device on top of a planner.
A cell phone in a light grey case sitting on an appointment book.
airplane connected for boarding.
United airplane parked and boarding passengers.
A man holding news paper on his left hand and standing near tree.
A man reading a news paper.
A red tour bus with a promotion for Evil Dead on the side is parked next to a street lamp.
A red bus with an Evil Dead advertisement placed on the side.
An orange crotch rocket to the right of a yellow one.
An orange motorcycle.
The person in a green shirt holding a thermometer in the babies mouth.
probably mom.
The sheep in the forefront with grass in it's fur.
A woolly sheep facing to the left while standing in a field.
A small piece of sandwich out of the two sandwiches on the plate.
One half of a sandwhich which has been cut in two lying underneath the other half and next to a spoon.
Giraffe on the left closest to the tall yellow pole.
A giraffe whose head doesn't show because it is behind the food basket.
skier wearing a dark blue jacket and holding a ski and looking down at it.
the skiier in a blue jacket.
A bike holding a tabletop and cooler.
A red cooler on the back of a bike.
Monitor closer to the mouse.
The computer monitor by the corner of the desk.
Car in between another car and a motorbike.
the bottom of the couch.
The legs of the pamily members.
the brown bowl in the back in the right hand picture.
A pizza topped with seven meatballs.
The pizza with meatballs on it.
A bus with the front facing the camera.
A double decker bus numbered 94.
A woman in white t shirt holding the scatting board.
the girl.
a bottle of lavender body lotion.
The bottle with the white contents.
the back of a boys head with an orange tshirt looking at a computer.
The man in the orange shirt.
A bike that is leading the other bike at the back.
front motorcycle.
A plane landing in front of the tsa plane that is waiting.
airplane that does not have any red.
A blurred taxi to the right of a rear-view mirror someone is taking a selfie in.
The taxi cab whose tail lights are shown behind the mirror.
A blue boat full of me.
A dark motorcycle with a bright blue light.
A motorcycle with a blue light kit.
A man in black standing with his hand over his mouth.
A man in a black shirt puts his hand on his face while playing Wii.
The closest chair.
A grey chair facing a laptop screen.
The chair in front of the laptop.
cow with head down on the ground.
COW EATING GRASS.
Arm of a person standing beside a kid.
side of a persons arm.
a large white stuffed bear with a striped sleeve facing another smaller bear as if in conversation with it.
A teddy bear with a striped shirt facing another teddy bear on a blanket.
slice of pizza nearest to the soda can.
The very front white area bottom left hand corner and where the dog is looking.
a woman wearing a hat, drinking from a wine glass.
A woman wearing a tan sun hat and pink top drinking wine.
the boat at the dock by itself.
A large canoe, with two other canoes to its right.
A woman standing in a kitchen, drying off a colander.
A lady in a beige shirt and grey pants.
A MAN SITTING TALKING THROUGH MOBILE AND SITTING NEXT TO THE LADY.
A man in a black jacket sitting next to a blond woman.
A red book about Introducing Wittgenstein.
A magazine that says Introducing Wittgenstein.
A surfer is leaning forward away from the wave, next to another surfer leaning into the wave.
the surfer who is displaying better balance.
a white color car near the camera.
A silver train pulling into a station.
A train on a track seen from the front.
A man wearing jeans and a light grey/dark grey shirt playing Wii.
A male in a grey shirt playing the Wii.
Giraffe on the right that we can see all of.
a giraffe near a house.
the white paper bag on top of the red and black suitcases.
White bag on the suitcases.
Burred male face on the top right side.
Blurred face behind head.
A drink on a table with sandwiches.
a byke was  standing in room.
Motorcycle that has number 1 on it.
woman wearing a white shirt standing behind the late.
A persons arm and the corner of a white dinner plate that has a sub on it.
the man in white on the ground.
A man sitting at a table with both hands by his face.
A man in a black shirt holding a fork and looking at the camera.
The bus labeled Smiths.
SMITHS BUS NEAR NATIONAL EXPRESS.
elephant on far left.
lead elephant.
The man on the motorcycle in an orange jacket.
A man wearing an orange shirt sitting on a motorcycle.
An elephant wearing garland and jewel.
large elephant decorated for carnival.
A parking meter with a purple decoration on it.
parking meter decorated in garland.
The table underneath the veggies.
A woman checking her phone.
The woman who is wearing a black shirt and holding her phone.
Piece of luggage in a living room.
black suitcase in hall.
Bear that is wetter.
a bear to the left side.
The biggest sheep on the left.
the rear end of a sheep in a pasture.
the black chair by the bookcase.
purse with a dark brown handle.
a bag with a shoulder strap and matching wallet.
a woman pulling a man's tie with her teeth.
A woman with long blonde hair and a gray dress holding a red tie between her teeth.
zombie with blonde hair eating something.
A blurred image of a woman dressed like a zombie behind other people dressed like zombies.
A man in coveralls standing next to a the wing of a plane.
A man in a pilot suit standing next to an airplane.
A person wearing orange on the other side of the fence.
an orange tennis judge stand.
woman.
A woman with a red shirt on.
red body of kite with yellow and red tail close to ground.
A kite string.
A zebra standing to the left of two others.
creamy white vegetable dip in a white bowl.
Dip in the middle of vegetables.
Left side of a dual parking meter.
The parking meter that is the most left of the two.
A man putting on a neck tie.
A standing man putting on a tie.
A pink donut covered in sprinkles and coconut shavings.
The doughnut with shredded coconut on top of it.
man in the blue in front.
A man with buzzed hair playing tennis crouched down near the net holding a racket with yellow strings with both hands.
The zebra on the right.
A zebra is standing on the right side of the picture.
A woman in blue bikini bottoms.
A woman in a bikini throwing a frisbee.
The face of a bear peeking out from behind another bear.
A black bear sitting behind another bear.
Blonde little boy wears red and white the shirt.
Little boy in red and white shirt right behind net.
this is a banana under a biscuit.
The banana.
A man who has climbed up a tiny tree to fetch a kite.
the person trying to retrieve the kite.
a black chair with stuff on it.
A blue chair with two boxes on it.
A rectangular style vase with gold borders.
A vase at extreem left.
the light colored wooden table.
The table that the two children and woman are sitting around.
A woman in a blue and green shirt.
woman in green top and kahki pants holding video game controller.
a woman with a black scarf sitting on a park bench.
A women wearing a black scarf.
A person's thumb holding a hotdog bun.
A thumb holding a hotdog.
young boy in hospital bed.
A child in a hospital blowing bubbles.
long wooden chair under the umbrella.
A padded bed beneath a beach umbrella beside a pool, but not in the shade.
A woman in a white shirt taking a picture of her food.
The woman in the white shirt taking a picture of her food.
A soccer player in a red jersey with the number five on it.
A frisbee player in a red shirt and a tattoo on his calf jumping up.
the fucilage of the airplane.
LANDING THE AEROPLAIN NEAR BY THE MAHN.
Elephant lying on the ground.
An elephant laying on its side with two other elephants above it.
A book laying next to a laptop.
There is one yellow notepad along with laptop.
Woman in black shirt with silver watch.
Blonde wearing short sleeved black shirt and metal watch.
a person wearing green shirt.
Two people hugging.
the top piece of broccoli in the right hand picture.
The reflection of a mouthwash container.
Reflection of rear of Listerine bottle.
A cow with very long horns, obscured by another cow.
The bovine immediately behind the one with it horns fully visible.
the giraffe whos head is visible in the right hand picture.
A giraffe nudging the neck of another giraffe.
The thing being held.
The object being wrapped with string.
The green bottle of sherry called Taylor.
green bottle of sherry.
The fireplace.
a fireplace with a gold door.
A stop light with its lights facing the sky.
the streetlight on the left.
woman in lace top.
Woman on a motorcycle wearing a black long-sleeved shirt and silver necklace.
right motorcycle.
A reflection of man.
The reflection of the man.
a table in a restuarant with plates of food and glasses on it.
The table with food on it in the front.
the giraffe which is looping down.
giraffe with its head down eating grass.
a bed on right side of room.
A bus standing behind another bus.
A red and white commuter bus parked in back of another.
a red and white food truck.
a red and white emergency vehicle holds a blood drive.
The big potted tree to the right of the man that does not have a full pot visible.
The tall green plant in the basket is standing near the woman in black top.
The man's skiis.
the skiis that the man has on.
bread basket with checkered cloth next to the glass jars.
basket of cookies in a towel.
A woman in a pink top talking on a cell phone.
A person in brown pants walking.
A HAND HOLDING A MOBILE PHONE NEAR BY THE TWO MAN WALKING NEAR.
a hand holding a cellphone.
Woman holding umbrella.
person on the left walkinm.
The man sitting down and wearing a reindeer sweater.
The Dad laughing with his children.
A cat with its head turned away from the camera.
Cat in the background sleeping near the edge of a bed.
A mug of coffee.
A mug filed with coffee.
An older woman in a white shirt, smiling.
an old woman in white with brown hair.
A bus with a red front, blue lights in the window and the number 511 driving in busy traffic at night.
bus 511 on the far right of traffic.
adult giraffe.
A giraffe bent over to check her baby.
the bed closest to the camera.
HORSE WITHOUT A RIDER.
orange chair behind the man.
The back of a red chair.
The double-decker bus that says sightseeing on the front.
A red sightseeing bus.
The policeman who doesn't have his face covered.
A police officer on a horse with his visor up.
The girl in the pink shirt.
The girl in the pink outfit.
a man was serving food on his plate.
Guy in a plaid shirt.
A boy plays an instrument while riding his skateboard.
A guy in white sunglasses and a backwards hat playing guitar while riding a skateboard.
the pizza with slices missing.
A home-made half eaten pizza on top of a cutting board.
A couch that a person in a red shirt is sitting on.
A plaid couch holding a woman and baby.
A baby giraffe to the right of its mother bathing himself.
The smaller giraffe in front and to the right of the tallest giraffe.
A little boy in a dark jacket standing behind bars.
The boy behind the bars.
A mother elephant.
The large adult elephant.
Motorcyclist and dog.
Man with white shirt and grey pants riding motorcycle holding a white dog.
the red motorcycle.
A red color bike standing in parking next to a bike and a car.
Blonde haired guy wearing a dark colored shirt.
the man in the middle.
Australian arrows plane with red tail.
The bag which is obscured and blurry behing the table.
A bag is lying on a chair next to a folding table with a laptop on it.
The man in the right photo of the collage.
The elehant on the left.
The large animal on the left.
The white plate that the pie is sitting on.
White part of a plate in front of a piece of pie is sitting on.
Back end of a trash disposal truck on the side of the road.
BACK OF ORANGE GARBAGE TRUCK.
A black dog with it's head not touching the person's shoulder.
A black dog standing above his owner.
A  Man  horse rideing and take helment.
A man in an orange soccer uniform chasing a ball.
the guy in the orange and black kicking the soccer ball.
a white plastic bowl of water in the sink.
A white bowl with water inside.
A guy in specs holding a glass.
A man in a light blue shirt smiling and holding a wine glass.
the larger thinner piece of meat.
A raw piece of mean with fat along the bottom edge.
a red motorcycle parked to the left of a smaller silver motorcycle.
The red motorcycle.
a cow laying on the dirt ground surrounded by blood.
A dead cow.
Blue lifeguard float.
A brown empty chair beneath a lamp.
A tan chair that is near a glass door.
A slice of stuffed pizza with grated cheese on top.
The food shaped like a triangle.
The horse closest to the camera.
A horse with head up.
A fedex truck passing another truck that is in an accident.
the white fedex truck.
A black lap top.
A black color laptop is very last to the edge right side.
the wooden table on the left in the right hand picture.
The brown table with a glass of flowers on the table.
A woman in black sitting on a park bench.
The woman on the bench is wearing a black skirt.
the right most skiier.
A man wearing black ski gear and a red strip on the arm standing on skies.
the black trailer on the left in the right hand picture.
The back end of a black trailer.
The bus that is almost out of view.
zebra grazing.
A baby zebra with it's mother.
A yellow bus.
A bus with the number 60 written across the body.
goat in the middle.
A GOAT STANDING OPPOSIT DIRECTION.
A maintenance vehicle on a railway.
Yellow machinery.
A black and white dog with light brown eyes annd medium length hair.
A dog with two brown eyes.
A woman with long, dark hair is wearing a flowered dress and smiling.
A woman with long black hair.
a white van.
The white van in the foreground.
The blonde woman using a stick blender.
A blonde woman with a mixer.
a man wearing a watch and a white sweater.
Man in creme sweater with a watch on left wrist.
The black table to the left of the laptop screen.
a man is eating dry fruits.
A MAN TAKING FOOD WITH SPOON IN A BOWL.
pesto pizza in background.
pizza with some type of green topping on pizza pan.
A woman working on a laptop and drinking beverage in a glass next to a man working on a computer.
the lady is working and having some cup of tea.
a man in a gray and red shirt.
a man wearing black shorts with a red and white tshirt.
Hind end only, of a Zebra.
blurry photo of bunch of bananas on ground.
woman in white is holding a red teddy bear.
a black lady with a salmon shirt holding a teddy bear in a red shirt that is facing her.
The chair that is the furthest left.
The black office chair to the left of the TV.
The horse with the white spot on its forehead.
A brown horse with a smiling officer riding on it.
Man in a yellow t-shirt  holding a beer and cigarette behind the woman in a green t-shirt.
Person in yellow shirt holding a beer can.
A slice of pizza beside sushi.
a slice of pizza between  a sandwich and sushi.
A woman in a skirt under an umbrella.
A girl in a skirt with a backpack on her back.
person in background wearing a striped shirt.
person behind little tennis player.
The girl wearing flip flop shoes.
the girl with the glasses.
a woman wearing white gloves.
Two lovely ladies conversing while walking a dog, behind a bicycle.
A piece of dark wood.
The wooden object coming out right behind the farther right side of the cat.
The right most horse.
Furthest right horse, don't include extra part of rider.
Green bottle on table.
A green bottle on the table.
An animal with no horns.
A female goat touching noses with a male goat.
A girl in black holding her surfboard.
The surfer who is standing, holding his board upright, looking to the right,.
a boy in a white shirt sitting next to another boy.
A young boy in a white shirt is listening to a story.
The dessert that is is the person's left hand.
a small donut.
the person sitting with a blue shirt on and have glasses on.
The woman with a menu still in front of her, wearing purple and black stripes.
The middle pizza with a piece missing.
Pizza on a white plate in between two other pizzas on plates.
A GIRL WATCHING A LADY PLAYING VIDEO GAME.
sitting woman.
A boy in a blue lifejacket.
There is a motorcycle sitting on the street.
red motorcycle next to the curve.
The lowest four suitcases.
the bottom two suit cases in both piles.
The fork with a bird on it.
A fork with a bird standing on it.
The bowl with the tomato in.
A silver bowl with a tomato in it.
THE ZEBRA IS PARTLY VISIBLE SHOWING ONLY ITS BACK.
A zebra with only half of its body showing.
a floor mattress  in the middle of the room with a blue flower blanket and a brown flower blanket.
A mattress with a blue top blanket that is between two other mattresses.
A good looking lady with a pleasant smile.
A lady wearing a gray sweater, playing table games with one man.
a zebra laying down.
This small zebra is resting on the ground.
A grey and white puppy eating out of a bowl.
A grey colored puppy eating food.
black troly bag.
black suitcase on left side of blue bag.
Bananas.
bananas.
childrens book being held by woman wearing white shirt.
A children's book with illustrations.
A red and black bus that says scotline tours on it.
A vanhool bus on the platform.
Soccer player wearing white T-shirt.
A man in black shorts, a white tee, and shin guards running on a gym floor.
The giraffe to the left of the group.
The tallest giraffe.
All white round pudding dish.
A white dish in a White bowl.
A man wearing a black hat and a black shirt with his arms crossed.
girl with black top in the right side of the image.
Girl in black shirt, with barrette in side of light brown hair.
The woman wearing yellow.
An Asian woman holding a fried piece of food while her friend looks on.
a brightly lit urinal.
Urinal in middle of other urinals.
A silver car parked behind a silver SUV.
silver car on side of road.
The car that is to the left of the dog.
Car closest to the dog.
Baseball player base-man tagging a runner.
player on right.
a women was working.
a  women wearing red colour dress was standing in their kitchen.
male on far right wearing black.
The boy on the right.
The sofa.
The black couch with pillows on it.
A clear glass bowl of a white pastry.
A bowl with rice in it.
Sheep closest to tombstone with yellow tag around neck.
White and black sheep with a yellow tag around his neck facing the stone.
The man with the number 15 on his jersey.
soccer player number 15.
The scissors above the red ribbon.
pair of scissors on the right side of the striped fabric.
Man with glasses and no shirt shaving upper lip.
The picture of the man brushing his teeth.
Man catching the Frisbee with his foot.
A man doing a cartwheel.
A large brown bear walking next to a smaller bear.
A mother bear.
A cow in the middle of two others.
the middle cow.
The first motorcycle in the line.
A single-rider motorcycle leading other motorcycles down a street with cones.
A yellow and black humvee in front of two other humvees.
The front most vehicle.
A partially visible bus on the left.
the shoulder of a man on the right.
The shoulder of a person in a black hoodie with a blue car in the background.
An older lady crouched near a little boy in a highchair.
woman on left side.
a woman wearing a blue top.
A woman in a blue-green shirt and a white apron.
A barefoot woman with gray pants and a blue short sleeved top.
a female in a purple shirt.
Carrots.
an orange food lying in it's own container next to the green leafy vegetables.
lady wearing pink sweater.
a person in a pink sweater.
A small orange teddy bear.
orange color doll.
A ladder leading up to an airplane.
Stairs leading into an airplane.
Yellow and black train engine on left side of picture, top half of man in orange suspenders bent over.
train that is primarily yellow and black.
A zebra between two other zebras.
the zebra in the middle.
Person riding the bike.
A man on a bicycle wearing a helmet.
A duck with a monitor on stands on the beach.
A large Canadian goose standing straight up near another goose on the beach.
the backside of a woman in a green jacket.
A LADY OPENED AND SEEING FRIDGE WITH HIS HUSBAND.
A man holding teddy bear and a piece of paper.
A gentleman in a renissance costume holding a brown teddy bear.
A couple walking down the street with one's arm around the other.
two people walking together.
A pancake that is slightly brown behind the other pancakes.
A pancake in the back of the image.
horse on left.
A black horse with rider wearing a blue jacket.
A person wearing striped pajama pants in the kitchen with their daughter present.
The woman in the purple shirt and the striped pants.
A baseball catcher leaning in to catch the ball.
A catcher in a white uniform reaching for a baseball with his glove.
A laptop that is being used by the man wearing a blue shirt.
Laptop on right.
Man in neutral colored suitcoat.
The person in the lighter colored suit.
A man with glasses and a black suit eating pizza.
The man holding the pizza slice.
The front end of white suv following a motorcycle.
The front half of a white car traveling behind a red motorcycle on a road in front of a school.
The man in the upper left in the background.
a male subject in the background of an african woman who is on her cell phone.
A WOMAN IN A RED SKI JACKET SKIING DOWN THE MOUNTAIN.
Person in front with a red jacket.
A red double-decker bus turning right at an intersection.
A double decker driving to the left.
The zebra on the left.
Zebra on the far left hand side.
A book on top of a pile of books.
The book titled The Poisonwood Bible.
television with a boxer on it.
A photo of a man mounted on a wall.
A open sandwhich with greens and tomato and spices on a white plate.
open faced vegetable sandwhich.
A man in a red shirt skateboarding.
A man in a red shirt performing a kick flip.
A sheep that is not looking at the camera.
man in vest.
A man in a tan vest and white shirt standing near a display of toilets.
There is one urinal lower than the other for young kids to use.
Urinal placed lower on wall.
A woman wearing a black and white hat.
the woman sitting on the right.
An empty chair placed at a table in front of a teapot and two empty glasses.
A wooden dining chair with a purse in it.
A young woman in red playing tennis.
The woman with both hands on the racket.
Giraffe with neck stretched upward.
A brown and white giraffe with it's head razed and pointing towards the sky.
The second suitcase from the bottom.
The suitcase with one lock open is second from bottom.
A gey teddy bear wearing a white outfit.
Smaller teddy bear with white shirt and pants, holding pink flowers.
Fluffy tan cat looking in the mirror.
The long haired cat who is looking at its reflection in the mirror.
The wii remote in the right hand of the individual.
The wii remote in the persons right hand.
A woman is laying in bed with her child.
A woman with brown hair in bed next to a child.
An empty desk with chairs and clutter in a classroom.
The long row of tables near the right wall.
The marble counter top and back splash.
A countertop with a sink.
A GIRAFFE IS STANDING BEHIND ANOTHER ONE.
The taller giraffe on the right.
A male umpire's back, wearing a black shirt, dark gray pants, and a face mask for protection.
The umpire's back.
Bed without bottom frame showing and towls.
The bed's cover is lime green as well as the pillow which has pink flowers and there are two white pillows on it.
a woman is a rose colored gown standing next to a man.
A lady wearing pink gown and black scraf standing near a person.
a girl in a white top and dark botton skiing around a gate.
A girl skating in her skate boards.
moving silver car.
A car passing by on a busy highway.
Presents wrapped in pink and red paper hide in the background.
a flower vase at the back of the lady and the man.
A man with no shirt and a helmet sitting on a scooter.
A shirtless man holding a blue surf board while sitting on a black bike.
A lady's bare left foot while wearing black pants.
partially visible person in white shirt and black pants barefoot.
a table by the window.
table with wooden frame and blue top in corner next to window.
A perfectly triangular piece of pepperoni pizza on top of the left plate.
A slice of pizza is shown, the first of three slices, going left to right.
black travel bag.
The bag of the man with the small dog.
horse closest to yellow line on road.
second horse to the person left.
A blue suitcase in front of a cat with its head raised and to the left of a green suitcase.
A blue and black suitcase.
A WHITE CHAIR NEAR BY A EYE GLASS WEARING LADY AND HOLDING A BLACK COLOR BAG.
the chair with the bag on it in the right hand picture.
A green suitcase beneath a camera.
A large grey suitcase under the tripod.
A black microwave oven.
The black microwave on the top.
Giraffe facing away from camera.
the giraffe facing away from the camera.
black laptop.
the black laptop.
A white four door F-150 truck parked in a parking lot.
A white truck that is parked.
A blue couch that has three people sitting on it.
a blue sofa on top of red and yellow crates.
a table with a partially eaten meal.
table with plates with food and cups.
a boy going on stairs and one man doing ice skating.
A person in a blue and grey coat.
The head of a ram with long, gnarly horns.
A ram with long curved horns.
cow eating hay.
Cow chewing the grass.
A man in a blue shirt and glasses eating pizza.
a man with blue t shirt and snacks.
Red double decker bus with CHANGELING on side panel parked next to pole.
Double-decker red bus with "Changeling" on it.
sheep eating with others around it.
A white sheep bending over drinking from the water.
The blue sofa to the right of the red sofa.
Blue coach arm.
table behind the menus.
table.
body of a person wearing black over shirt and pants.
The man is wearing in black colour dress.
A brown chair with green steel support.
An empty green and wood chair.
The giraffe that is getting licked.
The giraffe is being kissed by the larger one.
Little league kid in catcher's gear.
a young boy wearing catchers gear at a baseball game.
batter.
A batter in a purple jersey taking a swing.
black horse in rading.
the horse in the background running to the side.
A person in a blue shirt.
the girl in the royal blue shirt on the edge.
A boy with curly hair and a black shirt.
Kneeling woman moving a game controller wheel.
an individual meal of fish and veggies.
A box full of meat and vegetables.
The tabletop the plate is sitting on.
the person in the back wearing the green baseball hat.
The out of focus man in a green hat.
A sled that is designed to help injured skiers.
The orange sled behind the couple that is leaning on the tree.
brown horse showing his head.
horse to the right.
The green truck by the men in motorcycles.
empty green truck next to the 50 sign.
white motorcycle with woman on it.
Motorized bicycle with woman riding.
The brown cow in the forefront of the picture.
baby cow in front of picture.
The grey keyboard.
A black and silver keyboard.
grey and black keyboard.
A batter swinging a bat in a baseball game.
a baseball player at bat.
A white blanket and a baby.
A blanket covering a baby.
The catcher wearing the red equipment.
A catcher that is about to throw the baseball.
A blue vase near two vases with flowers in the m.
A woman was standing.
The woman in the orange shirt.
A baby giraffe stands next to two adults.
A baby giraffe walking in front of the head of a larger giraffe.
A stand holding up a Sony piece of technology.
the cord coming out of the TV monitor.
A woman in white clothes using a laptop on a couch.
A seated woman holding a grey laptop that has a heart sticker on it.
The complete boat showing.
A boat that is at a dock with a black upper portion, to the left of the other boats.
A honda motorcycle.
Bike in a parking lot beside a dog.
Brown fold up table with stuff sitting on top of it.
a brown table with a cup on it and a pack of cigs.
The man sitting on the bike.
Man on his phone.
A woman in a black dress with a red shawl standing next to a man.
Lady in black top and red shawl.
the half of the sandwhich closest to the person.
There is one young girl wearing red and white dress skating.
The skateboarder inside the bowl.
closer horse.
A brown horse in front of a darker tan horse.
the red Belle Vue bus.
A red bus with the words Belle Vue on it next to a white bus in a lot.
A smal black monitor displaying the game.
tv screen displaying game details.
A man sitting without his shirt reading a news paper.
a man is sitting on the grass and reading news paper.
A white vase with a decoration of pink flowers with green leaves sitting on a table with three other vases.
A small white vase with pink flowers and green leaves.
THE CRUISE BOAT BEHIND THE KID PLAYING BASEBALL.
The white and blue boat in the background.
A roung dark haired girl stares at the camera in front of a birthday cake.
small girl having her birthday standing with her father and sister.
The couch to the right of the snack table.
The chair the woman is on.
An orange sofa with a woman seated on it.
Two shirtless men talk on their cell phones between two individuals with shirts on a dock.
A man with tattoos on his wrist.
A standing zebra taking care of a baby zebra.
An adult zebra lowers its head to a laying juvenile.
An orange chair that a little boy is sitting on.
the chair the totdler is sitting on in the right hand picture.
The table cloth in front of the man in blue.
patterened table cloth over table.
An aquamarine bus.
An aqua colored bus with Woodvale circular displayed on the front.
A black truck.
A pick up truck.
The handle of a coffee cup on a saucer.
A white coffee cup on a small white plate.
An Asian person is waiting with mouth open to be fed some cake.
The guy with his mouth open.
A boy in a yellow t-shirt runs with a frisbee in a farm's empty field.
A boy wearing a yellow shirt.
A brown and tan cat lying on a hardwood floor with its belly facing upwards.
orange cat on their back.
A catcher holds his arm out, ready for the batter to miss the ball.
a catcher reaching for a pitch.
The largest stack of papers in front of the man's face.
a chrome knife on a white plate.
a knife.
A train that has a windshield wiper on the window.
A white bowl of mushrooms and carrots.
A bowl of mushrooms.
a black chair.
The black office chair in front of the desk.
Umbrella to the right of glasses.
The right umbrella.
A pizza on a wooden platter.
A full pizza.
A man skiing down a mountain with another man close behind him.
the skier in the black pants going down the hill.
A young boy eating pizza with a plate of pizza in front of him.
Young boy in a yellow jacket eating a slice of pizza.
An airplane with the letters EC-KFI on the side of it.
An airplane with a dark grey tail.
woman in green about to hit a tennis ball.
A lady wearing green color dress playing a tennis match.
A green bench with a black cat laying on it.
The green bench with a cat on it.
A large leafed plant in front of a white wall.
A bush that looks like it is touching the side of the cow.
a cake roll with cream filling and powdered sugar on top.
Close up of a roulade.
annoyed man in mime shirt.
man.
A brown dog holding a Frisbee in his mouth.
A tan dog with a red collar biting a frisbee.
Baby with brown hair and wearing all yellow and holding a white controller.
The youngest child in yellow.
Maroon chair with two cats playing on it.
A red and yellow double-deckered bus.
A doubledecker bus parked right in front of bus stop.
A teddy bear doll on the top.
a brown teddy bear on the shoulders on another bear.
A girl in the green dress located in the top right corner of the photo.
A woman in a sleeveless top with dark hair and part of a pair of tongs.
A horse being ridden by a man in a black cape and white hat who is waving.
prancing show horse with a man in a white hat seated on it.
A woman in a white shirt shopping for fruit.
Lady in a white shirt posing with her fruit.
A train between two other trains.
A woman in a green shirt and black sweater.
Girl in green shirt.
A women in left corner.
woman wearing blue shirt and white skirt hold a tennis racket hits ball.
A man wearing a grey hooded sweatshirt.
A smiling man with brown hair wearing a gray sweatshirt.
Long sitting chair is on the Park with three other chairs.
back bench among several benches.
The green banana without a face on it.
A mug of ice cold beer.
A mug of beer.
The tallest child in the back of the line.
girl in blue jacket.
a wicker and metal chair, closest to the front of the image, that has no one seated in it.
An empty metal chair with wicker covering at a glass table occupied by a happy man and woman.
sandwich on the right side.
The sandwich on the right side.
Sliced cucumber.
cucumbers in a bowl.
White eating tray that the baby is under.
tray baby is using.
A green and white couch facing the TV.
the back of a plaid couch.
Red chair is kept facing the wall.
A red chair sitting at a table and facing the wall.
A person in a black shirt paddling a boat.
A man standing inside a boat close to us.
the right string of ivy in the right hand picture.
the right string of ivy in the right hand picture.
Red umbrella being help up on top right.
A large red balloon with lights on it.
Brown chair in between two children and a cake in front of it.
a black chair between two children eating.
a woman wearing a pink shirt.
The woman smelling the glass of red wine in the front of the picture.
A white van with it's door open.
a van with its back door open.
The man holding the coffee mug looking into the camera.
A person with open mouth holding a cup and posing.
A batter playing baseball in a white uniform with blue lettering.
Batter for a baseball team.
A gold miniature motorcycle.
A gold colored motorcycle on a childs ride at the fair.
The man carrying the bananas.
man carring bananna.
A toy airplane is blue and white and on the other side of the front plane.
two toy airplanes sitting on brown grass.
a table behind 2 kids eating birthday cake.
A picnic table can be seen behind a child sticking his face in his plate.
A giraffe with dark brown spots.
The giraffe whose body is on the right.
A vase with bumps on it in between two other vases.
The middle vase with the bumps.
A PLAIN BROWN COLOR SOFA WITH PILLOW NEAR FLOWER POT.
A gray armchair with only a colorful pillow sitting on it.
A red umbrella, being painted by a woman.
A red umbrella gets flowers painted on.
the elephant without tusks.
An elephant in front of the other elephant.
The first scissors from the left.
The part of the couch that the dog is laying on.
Red bus on a road.
A single story red bus number 272.
A girl with a multi-colored dress standing next to two boys.
The girl in the dress.
A white boat with blue trim manned by people in orange jackets.
a tug boat on the left side of the river.
A shirtless man sitting near a cart of pineapples.
A shirtless man sitting next to a crate of bananas.
A red headed bride in her wedding dress sitting on a green bench kissing the groom.
A bride kissing her husband.
a Toilet front left.
Chair that is right of woman.
The chair the woman standing got up fromt.
A spectator watching a football game tensely holds his hand over his mouth.
A person wearing a coat in the background.
A lady.
A woman touching the elephant.
pizza in box nearest black bowl.
the pizza in the pan that you can see the most.
a man skiing.
A man holding sketings and wearing blue glasses.
A woman wearing a purple shirt who has a man tying a blue tie around her neck.
A woman getting a tie tied on.
A reddish-brown old looking suitcase.
A girl in a blue shirt talking on the phone.
a girl taking over phone wearing blue dress.
A woman with blond hair wearing a tie.
a woman with long blonde hair wearing a white collard shirt.
A man holds a camera to take a picture.
A person taking pictures with a cell phone.
man in grey shirt and khakis holding a red frisbee.
A man getting ready to throw a red frisbee.
The sandwich on the right.
A sandwich on the right side of the plate.
A young man in a black hat.
a man in red.
Giraffe in sun.
Giraffe with a man.
A laptop computer that is being used by the woman with a bandana on her arm.
the laptop closest to the photo.
a cup of coffee with a teaspoon in it.
white coffee cup with a spoon to the white of the biscuit plate and beind the meat bowl.
the player all the way in the back with a black hat.
A glass with tea and ice in it.
top view of a glass with a beverage and ice cubes.
woman standing behind cash register.
An older white woman with dark brown hair wearing a turquoise blouse and a white/black necklace.
A black Amazon kindle surrounded by essential human living items, with a picture of Emily Dickinson as the screensaver.
A kindle with Emily Dickinson on the screen.
The horse that the woman is holding the reins in her left hand.
horse on the right.
A man holding baby blowing out candles on birthday cake.
The man.
skis under man with orange coat.
black skiis.
A little boy in a light blue tee shirt on a skateboard.
A child in blue riding a skateboard.
An actor on TV wearing a beige suit.
a man wearing violet jacket in a TV.
An older horse with white on it's face.
a gray horse.
The arm of a man taking a picture of his friends.
A man taking a photograph.
The desktop computer screen to the left of the laptop.
monitor next to laptop.
A white color plane and its front wheel is placed just near to yellow color road line.
A plane on a runway.
A ceramic tea cup which is placed near by the wall.
cup in the background.
The elaborate wooden footboard of an antique wooden bed.
A Lard wood carved antique bed.
A hand that is holding a bun with a banana in it.
Hand holding banana in hot dog bun.
a man on top of an elephant.
A lady in a beige hat and red and white striped shirt riding atop an elephant.
A man with sunglasses haning on his shirt.
The hands only sunglasses.
A boy in pajamas in a suitcase.
Two young girls sitting in a black suitcase on the floor.
the giraffee on the left.
A giraffe leading the way for the two others.
left hand bowl of beans.
A bowl of beans.
a monitor showing a picture of two text windows.
Left most moniter with code.
man in blue shirt pouring taste test of wine.
A man pouring wine.
black laptop.
The laptop was left open on the desk.
a yellow laptop carrier being carried by a man with a hat.
yellow laptop bag hanging on a man's shoulder.
A small white bowl of coleslaw.
A white bowl with a blue line around the rim filled with coleslaw.
A sitting woman holding a wii controller.
A woman making a silly face while playing the wii.
the woman in the jean jacket.
woman weraing blue jerkin standing next to the horse.
An empty silver chair immediately in the background of a pizza.
The empty chair closest to the pizza tray.
Entire brown boat the man is sitting in.
The boat the man in red is riding in.
A guy in a white shirt, black pants and white helmet snowboarding to the right of two other identically dressed snowboarders.
tram in background.
blue colored train on far right track.
A woman in a green sweatshirt leaning on a railing and looking into the water.
a lady in a green sweatshirt leaning on a beam looking into the water.
a snowboarder wearing yellow pants.
the skier in wearing a dark grey top and yellow pants.
reflection of cat in mirror.
the cat in the mirror.
Woman with white shirt and blue bandana tied on right arm, sitting at laptop.
A woman in mostly white.
A blue carpet with white stripes and designs all over it.
The dark blue part of a bed.
An open sandwich.
open sandwich on a blue plate.
The chair facing the camera directly behind the vase.
A chair in front of the window.
A black keyboard in the background behind the laptop.
Black keyboard sitting on a light colored wood desk.
A pitcher of syrup.
A silver metal container with liquid in it.
The pizza with pineapples.
A pizza with yellow seasonings in front of a bowl of food and a glass of water.
The corners of the table and the tabletop.
the leftmost pizza.
The odly shaped pizza with bell peppers and onions.
a black woman.
The woman with the black coat and curly hair.
A lady in a blue shirt walking down the street.
A woman in a blue shirt.
The tallest giraffe among the two.
The tallest of two giraffes.
blue tray with white stuff.
A bowl with some food and white cream in it.
A small napkin with a cupcake printed on it.
A picture of a large cupcake with a cherry on top.
man sitting on steps.
A persons legs near a little boy on a skateboard.
A brown chair.
a brown collared jacket hanging on a chair.
Large horse.
A black and white miniature horse nursing her baby.
A gray SUV parked in the driveway.
a van that's in front.
The female in the red tank top.
A woman in a tank top dress and white jewelry.
A person in black and white holding an umbrella.
Person wearing black puffy coat.
A surfboard with print on it.
A yellow surfboard being held by a boy.
A giraffe with it's head in a tree.
A cream and fruit jam filled pastry.
dessert with blueberries and strawberry.
A banana on it's side next to a mango.
The banana with a visible sticker.
The white bowl with the green apples.
The bowl that has green apples painted on it and a spoon in it.
The man standing in all white.
A blue public bus.
Blue bus on street with the number 421 on the  front.
A pizza with a knife under it.
The pizza with white cheese on it.
Man with a name tag and jeans watching a wii game.
The man standing against the gray wall, wearing a blue shirt and jeans.
brown arm chair.
The singular brown chair under the frame on the wall.
a man wearing kakis.
Person in khaki pants sitting watching a tennis game.
The elephant in the middle of two other elephants.
elephant in the middle of two other elephants.
A ORANGE FRUIT IN THE EXTREME CORNER FROM THE RIGHT.
A red and white bus to the right of two other busses.
A man in a white shirt and blue shorts with a hose.
guy with water hose.
The blue semi trailer in the back.
A Blue tarp on a fence.
A blond woman wearing a white sweatsuit.
A woman in a white outfit.
boat kept near a hut.
the bicycle the zebra is on.
The bike the zebra is riding.
man with dark hair wearing all black holding onto kite strings.
The male facing backwards wearing a dark shirt on the beach while holding a kite.
adult bear.
The bear is with her cub.
A persons leg with long shorts and a sock.
The pizza in the opened box has toppings that consist of tomatoes and cheese.
A pizza with sliced tomatoes as toppings.
An apple that is far left in a platter of fruit.
A red apple in a fruit tray.
A wooden bench seat partially obscured by a woman sitting on it.
the bench of the picnic table and it.
the man in black tshirt in the right hand picture.
A man in the background wearing a black t-shirt with a picture on it.
magazine in front of keyboard.
The magazine in front of the computer.
The baby sheep.
A young sheep behind an older sheep.
A brown and black bird facing up.
The bird on the left.
The big red bowl with avacado in it.
A meal in a red bowl, topped with avocado on a dinner table.
The boy with the hat on.
A little boy in a hat looking at the zebras.
The little girl to the left of another little girl.
Little blonde girl in pink looking at a book.
semi truck with eddie stobart.
THE BACKSIDE OF A SEMI TRUCK WITH EDDIE STOBART WRITTEN ON IT.
table in front of older lady with red ketchup bottle on it.
A black table with a silver basket of condiments and a silver jug sat on top.
The rear end of a black cow facing the camera.
A black horse looking away.
The red train car on the right sits at the platform.
Red train car on train tracks.
The entire area that is white and silver and on top of it are three food containers.
baby elephant.
A baby elephant with hay on its head.
green sofa woman is sitting on.
the giraffe walking towards the right with its head bent down.
A giraffe walking to the right.
a piece of pie closest to the left.
slice of pizza with least amount of blue.
The monitor on the right.
The computer screen to the right of another computer screen.
A lady officer in blue uniform suite standing next to male officer watching a young man showing tantrums with spread hands.
Woman with short hair in blue jacket.
Baseball player `Gibson.
a man leans in to bunt a ball.
The suitcase under the white bag.
TRAVELLER BAG HOLDING WHITE COVER IN ITS HEAD.
The bed has a phone laying on it.
The bed with the bag remote and sack at the end.
Guy in grey shirt with brown pants and no shoes.
Man underneath umbrella with flip flops.
a light colored wooden bench in front of two people.
A light wooden back rest of a bench.
big jar of honey on table.
A small white vase with bumps.
A box car with a open door.
A half burger in line with the white sauce bowl.
Sandwich on a tray.
A red and grey backpack.
A woman carrying a red backpack upon her shoulders.
umpire in the field wearing blue shirt and gray slacks.
Umpire standing in outfield.
a man wearing brown trousers.
The taller man is catching the Frisbee.
A person wearing a black striped shirt with their hand on their hip.
A half view of a person hand who wearing black t-shirt.
A brown haired girl in a black skirt holding a tennis racket.
girl in black shorts.
A paper cup with flowers on it and with a clear liquid in it.
A paper cup with leaf and flower decoration on it.
moniter.
There is a laptop in on mode.
A bench that is close to the mopads.
A bench with three men sitting on it.
The person sitting on the bench.
A man in a blue shirt sitting on a bench next to an overflowing trash can.
A person in a blonde wig.
A girl in a wig licking an orange.
The back of the person wearing a striped shirt.
a man in a striped shirt.
A man wearing a tie and holding a bucket of strawberries.
a man was on black shirt.
The glass inside the small cup.
A glass jar with is in the jug.
a fat lady wearing pink tshirt, jeans and specks rested her hands on her chest.
A woman in pink with glasses on laying on the ground smiling at the camera.
this is a man cutting up pizza.
A man in a black jacket smiling while cutting his pizza.
a white airplane facing a building.
Pure white plane parked on a runway.
A woman smiling with her phone.
A woman wearing a green vest and holding a cell phone.
A white and blue plane in back of a truck on a runway.
A airplane being pulled by a automobile.
A woman in a navy shirt and tan shorts holding a wine glass.
A woman in a black shirt sits and holds a glass.
A giraffe eating from a tall food container with two giraffes in the background.
A tall giraffe stands away from another one near a rope fence.
long open section of the wooden bench.
A bench behind a batter.
the woman on the left in the right hand picture.
A pretty Caucasian girl.
A woman about to catch a frisbee.
The woman in the black hat.
Luggage with a blue bag on top and a turquoise suitcase on bottom.
A pile of luggage sits on a dolly.
A brown cat sleeping behind the black cat.
light colored cat.
a horse standing in between two other horses.
BROWN COLOR HORSE EATING A GRASS WITH MIDDLE POSITION  WITH  FIENDS.
A child playing baseball.
A boy in a red shirt throwing a baseball.
The man with the beard and glasses looks like he is going to blow out the candles.
A guy wearing glasses blowing out the candles on a cake.
log canoe people are in.
A wooden boat.
THE BACKSIDE OF A RED SUV STOPPED ON THE ROAD.
A vehicle with a DK bumper sticker.
The donut is decorated with white frosting and brown sprinkles.
yummy decorated ivory shade doughnut in the deserts plate.
The guy in the background with his hand on the ground.
a person in back wearing black dress doing some exercises.
White bowl with grooves sitting in on the table in front of the bowl of biskets.
The white, empty bowl.
A man with curly hair, wearing a blue dress shirt and glasses.
A MAN WEARING LIGHT BLUE SHIRT IN A RESTAURENT.
The couch furthest away from the kitchen.
The couch at the bottom of the picture.
The man with the glasses and cargo jeans working at the counter.
A man wearing glasses.
A yellow and green color t-shirt horse rider.
jockey wearing green and yellow.
A white pot.
a white vase with dents in it.
a man carrying a bucket is crossing the street.
Man wearing a suit wearing holding a bucket.
A man in a white hat relaxing in a lawn chair.
A man with a white hat reclining in a chair.
a wooden table kept in the living room near the sofa.
There are two reading materials on the wooden desk.
A female holding a red purse riding' a stuffed giraffe.
woman sitting on the doll.
A tall giraffe standing between a zebra and a tree.
Giraffe who is farthest right where we only see his rear end.
Meter reading HELP.
A black parking meter to the left of another identical meter.
a red tour bus in London.
A maroon double-decker bus in front of two other double-decker buses.
Couch with a floral pattern on it.
floral patterned couch with throw pillows.
The furthest zebra.
the nose of a blurry zebra.
girl red shirt on left.
A woman in an orange shirt.
A pine wood colored dining table.
The table.
Boy holding a toy while skiing.
A kid with black pants and grey jacket.
Vase with sticks in.
lamb peeking out shyly.
The black and white lamb.
A wooden john boat carries 5 boys with skis.
A canoe with people inside.
The person with only a shoulder showing.
Shoulder of man just out of the frame.
The windshield of the bus in the reflection.
windshield, sign and caution lights nearest the roof of the buss.
The woman kneeling behind the stroller.
A woman blue is kneeling beside a baby in a stroller while smiling.
A computer keyboard with black keys behind a computer keyboard with white keys/.
A black keyboard.
A man in a short sleeve shirt, shorts, socks, and shoes rolling some paper.
A gentleman sitting on a bench next to a guy with a backpack.
an elephant next to a person in a red shirt.
An elephant next to a man in a red shirt.
A large blue vehicle.
Blue double decker bus with ULRIKSBANEN written on it.
A red car.
A Red Car in which stand on last on street parkinhg   make beep sound with red alert signal due to  a damaged item slightly dashed the car.
Green bush to the left of the sign.
chair under the large man in yellow.
A green statuim seat with a man with a yellow shirt seated in it.
The very first table top.
Table at front of row.
A girl falling down near the orange ball.
A girl that is falling to the ground.
Giraffe in front of another giraffe.
tall giraffe looking towards the right.
A man with a navy blue shirt standing at the bar with his back to the woman.
Man in a bar wearing dark blue shirt and looking away from the camera.
The black luggage under the red luggage.
A black luggage case.
The left shoe of a person holding a banana.
left shoe.
THe right half of a sandhiwh half.
A piece of sandwich closest to the fork.
A couch with a blue blanket on it.
sofa with coffee table and clothes in front of it.
A person in a white t-shirt at a market.
person that is barely visible on the far left.
A man on air intending to jump on the skate board.
The skateboarder with long black hair.
A man in a yellow shirt carrying a surfboard.
A man in a yellow shirt.
A white sheep is standing beside its mother.
A baby sheep.
a girl looking at pizza.
a little girl with bangs to the right of another girl.
The tallest board.
No image loaded.
a light blue backpack on the lap of the passenger next to the one using his cell phone.
zebra drinking water.
A zebra walks in front of many other animals.
the person in the air.
man jumping with a skateboard.
A motorcycle behind a cow.
bike.
Girl sitting in the sidecar wearing a blue helmet with a pug dog on her lap.
A child with a helmet.
the person bending down to reach for something.
DO NOT SEE THE OBJECT IN CONER.
Guy under bunkbed.
a chair on the left of a fridge.
seat on left hand side.
A bench with a business man sitting on it.
the monitor with white box on its display.
monitor with partial white screen.
A boy holding a teddy bear and a sword standing to the right of another boy.
child holding a stuffed bear and a long sword.
Man in white striped shirt to the right of the woman.
a young man wearing a white and blue striped button down shirt.
Man in blue and orange shirt holding a frisbee.
A MAN IN A NAVY JERSEY PLAYING FRISBEE.
Three slices of meat on a plate next to vegetables and bread.
The slices of beef.
a bench on top of some cement and next to a few bushes.
Snow skis on the skier wearing the gray coat.
The skis of the man that is facing left.
White bus on a road.
White HJ Buss bus.
A man in a hat without a glass.
A man with a hat on that has strings that hang down and has a shirt that has a monkey on it.
1st car from the left.
A car stopped in the traffic signal, behind a car.
A person in a blue shirt and a hat.
a lady wearing a rice picking hat and a blue shirt.
A man wearing sunglasses and a tie, who is smiling, standing next to a girl who appears to have just graduated.
A man wearing a tie and a pair of sun glasses.
The legs of a man in jeans.
A blue color pant worn by a person.
A blue suv with dark tinted windows.
A blue color SUV is parked.
The elephant with its head hidden.
An elephant obscured by another elephant.
GREEN COLOR ROUND TABLE.
something that looks like a stool with green cover.
dish with layers of yellow squash and herbs.
Yellow baked squash dish.
A red and black scooter that is in front of a blue scooter and behind a red scooter.
A red & black motor scooter with a person in a red jacket touching it's handle bar.
A man wearing glasses.
A man wearing black T-shirt shaking his hand.
A zebra hidden behind two other zebras' bodies.
The zebra who's head and neck isn't visible.
Tomato, cheese, and meat sandwich topped with an olive on a toothpick.
A piece of a club sandwich with an olive on top.
A man in a black wet suit holding an off white surfboard with Mendo Sea written onit.
The man in the black wet suit immediately to the left of the man in the blue wet suit.
left side view of train.
A white train in the left picture.
Alloy Front Wheel in Modern Bikes.
The skies to the right of the women.  Right next to her.
Red motorcycle with a black seat.
a red and black motorcycle parked outside.
A woman with a maroon color sweater.
Woman.
A man in a violet shirt.
A man in a purple shirt holding a magazine and looking at a woman.
Girl in wheelchair getting her hair brushed by another woman.
A young woman wearing a white blouse.
a car carrying two surfboards in covers.
The dark colored car on the right side of the picture with the kayak strapped to the roof.
A blonde man with no hat holds a quick remote.
A man sitting in a chair.
The bottom of the mattress the people are resting on.
BED.
The person dressed in white.
A white woman with brown hair standing in the snow wearing white ski clothing.
zebra furthest from bush.
The zebra farthest from the tree.
A young boy with blonde hair eating pizza.
A boy in red shirt eating pizza.
The dog which is not currently eating out of the dog bowl.
panting dog.
A silver dishwasher in a kitchen with light wood cabinets.
A washing machine which is placed below the micro oven.
The boy in back,.
The boy in the background.
a black suitcase sitting next to a bunch of other suitcases.
a black case for an instrument.
A small metal bowl full of white sauce.
a car in silver colour is back to the two guys.
A white car behind two boys.
A boy brushing his hair while looking at his reflection.
The hood (bonnet) of a red vehicle is propped open.
The hood of the closest vehicle.
A near empty glass with ice and soda in it, next to a plate of dessert.
the large glass that's almost empty next to the cake.
A female skier with red tinted goggles, dark attire, and a blue hat.
A person in a black jacket, skiing with red goggles.
A lady with red jerkin standing on the snow slider and smiling.
Woman skiing in a orange jacket and blue pants.
young giraffe standing behind an adult giraffe in captivity; fencing is present.
Giraffe in the rear whose head is not visible.
A grey sofa.
A dark gray couch in a living room.
A child holding an umbrella.
A boy in a light blue shirt holding a blue and white umbrella.
A MAN IS STANDING.
A MAN IS STANDING WEARING A BLUE JEANS.
a right half of a sandwich.
Half a sandwich sitting next to slices of pickles.
Man in blue shirt plays soccer.
A man in a blue and white soccer uniform with the number 11 on the back, attempting to block a soccer ball.
Two men playing a ball game.
A man wearing black t-shirt hitting the ball.
A man sitting on sofa with his girlfriend.
A barefoot man sitting in a recliner.
White cover on sofa.
blanket on couch.
A tall giraffe in the foreground.
A giraffe standing in a field looking directly at the camera.
Persons hand holding black phone over top of box of pizza.
hand holding cell phone and half of a pizza.
Green luggage between two suitcases on wheels.
The tan/gold car that is located directly behind and slightly to the right of the parking meter. It is next to both the red car and the van.
rear of tan car.
The player shown running behind the pitcher.
A baseball player running to a base.
A lady with a hand bag, starring at the food item.
a women wearing blue colour dress.
The girl wearing a yellow shirt.
The player in a yellow shirt.
plant on top shelf of bookshelf.
Plant with big leaves standing on the shelf of a bookcase.
A Giraffe looking on top of the other Giraffee.
A giraffe taller than the next.
A woman wearing a white hairnet standing in a rustic kitchen.
A woman in an apron.
Personal sized pizza on a wood board in the middle of the table.
pizza in the middle of the table.
A zebra standing behind a grazing zebra.
A zebra facing right with shadows on its legs.
the tennis player behind the one in foremost front.
A healthcare professional touching a laptop.
A woman in a white coat, looking at a computer.
black and brown dog with chain collar.
a black and brown dog with a chain as a collar.
Giraffe standing on the left.
A giraffe which is looking back.
a police officer riding a bike.
The policeman on the motorcycle.
A slice of pie in focus.
Lemon pie by the fork.
The man on the left in the leather jacket.
A man in a black leather jacket sitting on the left side of a bench.
yak facing away from camera.
Big brown animals.
a motorcycle in front of a group of other motorcycles.
The bike closest to the man.
The bike with a blue water bottle.
orange in front of bowl.
An orange that is next to an apple and another orange and it is in front.
the woman on the left with the black and white shirt.
A girl with dangling earings and a brown striped shirt, wearing sunglasses and sitting next to another girl.
A chair a man with a horse head is sitting in.
Chair visible behind the horse.
a red truck right in front of a white truck.
The darker colored car on the right of the picture to the side of the girls playing frisbee.
A woman laying on a towel on the beach.
A lady wearing a bandana on her head lying on the beach behind another lady.
A large white jet with the name Delta on its side.
Delta jet.
A man who is standing.
A man with shoulder length hair and wii staning up looking at a man sitting on the floor.
A small square vase in between the drink and the other vase.
a man with the number 22 playing baseball.
A baseball player about to pitch the ball.
zebra seen from behind.
A zebra showing its backside.
A beer sitting next to a pizza.
The beer glass to the left of the pizza.
the back of a red vehicle, a motorcycle with a man with orange pants is behind the car.
The back end of a red car in front of a man on a bicycle.
A  plane with a red, green, white and black flag painted on its tail.
An aircraft behind others.
AFRICAN ELEPHANT.
AN ELEPHANT WALKING.
A screen with an image of a plate of hot dogs.
A screen showing a plate of six hot dogs.
person out of focus behind the dog, wearing a black and white shoe with orange logo.
the person's leg on the far right of the photo.
A white cake with swiss rolls in a plate.
A piece of white cake behind the rollup desserts.
Hands of person holding scissors and cutting hair.
The hands with the scissors.
A woman holding the bat with two hands ready to play.
A woman standing in front of the net, prepared to hit the ball.
Open refrigerator.
An open refridgerator.
the bus behind the people.
The bus the people are standing right in front of.
A piece of hot dog that is in between two pieces of bread.
The hot dog to the right of the pickle.
the blue red and yellow couch facing the fireplace.
A blue and red plaid couch.
The two women are riding on top of a black and white scooter.
A WHITE SCOOTER NEAR BY CYCLE WAITING FOR SIGNAL.
A white man wearing a suit behind an elderly woman cutting a cake.
man with glasses.
reddish fruit.
Bunch of small tomatoes on the vine.
a baseball player holding a bat.
A baseball player wearing a white uniform.
A woman's reflection in a mirror.
A woman with dark hair brushes her teeth.
Lady in black and white striped tank top sitting at the table.
A woman wearing a black and white top.
The glass filled with red wine on the right.
Glass of red wine on the right.
A black car behind a woman with an orange shirt and an umbrella hat on.
A black car behind a woman.
A man sitting down beside a motorcycle looking over a paper of some sort.
Someone is sitting on the ground looking at a piece of paper next to a motorcycle.
The side of the light that is lit up red.
A glass with wine being poured into it.
A wine glass in the process of being filled.
The back of a silver sony vaio lap top computer.
A silver laptop with the screen facing away from me.
A urinal next to a brown wall divider close to a sink.
The urinal closest to the sink.
The person in back wearing the sweatshirt.
A person in a grey shirt sitting behind the woman in black holding a wine glass.
the child in the background.
The top of the head of another child in the bath tub.
The slice of pizza closest to the donuts.
The slice closest to the donuts.
the pizza that is closest to the camera.
the pizza farthest from the man.
A women in a blue dress.
The player wearing blue colour dress.
The two skies.
The skis of the woman with the red jacket.
mother horse.
A bigger horse and a smaller horse standing in a field of tall grasss.
Green motorcycle with mirrors sticking out of it.
A fanciful seafoam green motor scooter with a veritable multitude of mirrors.
Man on the right in brown hoodie looking at cell phone.
The man on the right.
Man with his index finger sticking out.
A man with facial hair in the ad.
phone that slides up.
phone on right.
Black train.
A train on the platform opposite to the yellow train.
person on snow hugging.
giaraffe on right.
Front most giraffe staring at camera.
A pot of carrots with a utensil sticking out of it.
The pot of carrots in the bottom right photo.
The white and black umbrella.
A black and white checkered umbrella being held up over someone's head.
A parking meter showing red in the display window.
the left most object.
a guy in the background.
A man in the background wearing a black suit.
a brown horse with a saddle.
A horse standing in front of another horse and next to a young girl.
The food closest to the hand.
Slice of pizza right in front of man's hand.
A bamboo chair at the corner of the table.
A stool.
child in middle.
A boy holding up a dinosaur toy.
the zebra in the back.
A tennis player in white clothes and red shoes.
HE IS PLAYING TENNIS.
Oranges and bowl to the right of banana tip.
An orange bowl of oranges on top of the table.
The table has a vase and silverware on top of it.
A table with a vase, napkin, fork, and a knife on it.
an elderly gentlemen feeding birds.
An old man on a bench bending down to feed birds.
A coffee cup.
The flowered black and white cup upon the table.
A quesadilla with sprouts sticking out.
The quesadilla piece with alpalfa sprouts hanging out of.
The silver dishwasher under the microwave.
Dishwasher.
A chocolate glazed covered donut.
A tan and brown donut with a thick coating of chocolate on top.
A brown horse with a white nose standing next to another brown horse.
A horse is standing with light brown hair and white down the front of it's face.
The man driving with the helmet.
The driver of te vehicle with the helmet.
The grilled top of a sandwhich beside the lettuce.
All brown goat next to the white goats.
A brown goat.
The table with the red tablecloth.
red tablecloth in the background.
A white plane with a blue fin standing close to a pink airplane.
The plane with k-amy on it.
A gentleman riding a bike and holding a huge plater of on his head.
a man on a bike carrying bread.
The sandwich on the right side of the cutting board.
the sandwich half on the right.
The bus fully shown.
The big blue bus on the curb next to all of the people.
CAT WITH CLOSED EYES.
The cat laying on it's side sleeping.
Man holding horse reins.
A man taking the reigns of the horse in a green hat.
The sail boat is behind the house boat.
A toddler in a black shirt and light pants.
A young boy being held by a blonde woman.
A bicycle covered in flowers.
A bike chained to a stop sign is covered in flowers.
A ship is floating in the water.
A ship on the water.
A green plant behind a baby.
The black rim of the mirror.
A door-side mirror on a car.
An empty, brown sofa.
empty couch in the back side of the lady.
A woman brushing her teeth.
a brunette woman with long hair brushing her teeth.
the sheep on the right.
Blackfaced sheep with ears raised.
blacker remote.
A person on a skateboard doing a trick midair.
A boy in a sweatshirt jumping in the air on a skateboard.
double decker bus to far right.
A double-decker bus, visible directly from the front, without anyone near it.
An orange sheet covered mattress sitting on the lower bunk of the bed.
bed with orange sheets.
Player about to swing a baseball.
A man playing baseball.
A man has a large black wig and glasses on.
Man with very curly hair.
A cookie covered in nuts.
the woman on the right's pastry.
Man's tennis racket.
a black, yellow and white tennis racket being held by a man.
half of sandwich with melted cheese oozing out next to a spoon.
Very messy slice of grilled cheese.
Giraffe closest to the camera, with no other giraffes blocking our view of him.
A giraffe standing behind two other giraffes.
Adult elephant legs.
A large elephant on a dusty dirt plain.
A right side bullet train.
Train with headlights on .
a bicycle behind the skateboard.
the bicycle behind the surf board.
The bowl in the man's hand.
A dish of food being held up by a man's hands.
Three banana slices on the topmost cupcake.
A man wearing black jeans is the umpire.
The umpire.
A bowl of orange sauce.
A white motorcycle.
Ducati motor bike.
A persons feet.
Crossed feet with grey sneakers.
Baseball player in red hat.
a man wearing black t shirt while playing.
The cake to the right of a knife with a black handle.
half of a chocolate cake with white frosting.
A older an with his back faced to the glass wearing gray sneakers.
An elderly man facing a woman holding an umbrella at a bus stop.
Fish and chips with dressing.
A oval-shaped glass container with meat in it.
A man wearing a hat watching a baseball match behind the fence.
The gentleman on the outside of the fence wearing a blue shirt and khakis.
A armchair in black and white next to a woman covered in blankets.
An armchair stands behind a bed with rails.
A little girl with a pink umbrell is walking.
Child under pink umbrella.
apple in the middle of two other apples.
An orange in a bowl to the left of apples and other oranges.
The orange with the wall behind it.
A rectangular dark grey planter containing a tall shrub, a low boxwood, and some yellow and orange flowers.
A grey planter corner.
Zebra behind a tree with its mouth to the ground.
The dude in front.
man in black.
A woman's back who is wearing a white shirt and blue jeans.
A lady with long black hair wearing a white long sleeve shirt.
A man in light pants driving in the front seat of a motorcycle.
a man is driving a scooter.
A skier in a blue jacket.
woman in a blue jacket skiing.
A woman in purple.
a woman being held up by a water skiier.
The clock inside the triangle on the left that reads 5:52.
The round part of the clock on the left.
A white purse on the woman's shoulder.
A white shoulder strap purse hanging from a woman's left shoulder.
An empty bench in front of some plants to to the left of a bench where a woman sits.
the blue bench with items on it but no person sitting on it.
table with dishes, silverware, glass of juice, jam and basket of pastries on it.
a table with food and drinks and silverware on it.
A man on a motorcycle wearing a Santa costume.
A man wearing a Santa Claus outfit driving a motorcycle.
A man in a white jacket with black stripes on the arm holding a game controller.
Man in the white jacket.
The giraffe that is not eating.
A shorter giraffe in the sunlight.
Black cat furthest from the person.
A boy with a hat and suspenders.
A man with a hat on and carrying something.
The man sleeping in the cubicle.
A bald man with glasses wearing a black shirt.
A blue shirt near the table.
A black t shirt.
The half of the orange with the least amount of peel showing.
The brighter orange half.
A white stuffed animal eating a piece of cake.
A white stuffed dog sitting next to a cupcake.
The pizza has green leaves on it.
pizza in box on left hand side.
The bike closest to the man.
A bicycle closest to a man carrying luggage.
Palm of a human holding a silver color phone.
the hand holding the silver phone.
A man with a striped polo shirt staring at a gigantic pizza.
A man wearing a black and white stripped polo shirt.
The snow board with the letters RZ in the middle of the board.
K2 snowboard on a mountain.
A red double decker bus with the information screen reading Trafalgar Square 24.
A double-decker bus with the number 24 on it.
a young boy wearing a red coat and black snow pants.
the closet boat.
White boat closest to us in the foreground.
The most  yellow bird on the highest branch that is looking at the camera.
A green bird standing on a branch.
The back end of the third sheep from the front on the right.
The first sheep starting from the right .
a blue dirt bike.
a motor cycle.
bear closer to beach, on left.
the bear with his head down.
a white coloured bowl is placed on the table.
Large bowl behind plate of food.
A blue/white bus, sitting behind a green bus.
blue bus on left.
A man's black necktie on a white shirt.
solid black tie on a white shirt.
A dark brown leather sofa behind a foot stool that has a laptop computer on it.
The black leather couch and ottoman in the center of the room.
The sink basin in the bathroom on the left.
The sink farthest away from the door.
Wooden chair without a shadow to left of table.
A chair that we can only see the back end of, it sits to the left of the other chairs.
the soccer player in white wearing the number 11 on his shorts.
Man with white shirt and arms stretched out.
A man holding open his coat.
A MAN STANDING WITH HER LADY AND PUT HIS RIGHT LEG ABOVE HIS SUIT CASE.
An elephant not being sprayed with water.
A young elephant with his trunk towards the ground stood in front of another young elephent.
The man standing beside the woman.
the groom.
Two people in khaki pants sit beside each other holding Wii controllers.
An elephant in front of another elephant.
smaller elephant in front.
A piece of sausage pizza has a string of cheese pulled across the crust.
A cheese pizza with sausage.
A black bike.
the bike that is leaning against the steel fence.
The clear wine glass with the lower level of wine.
central wineglass on table.
The man wearing the blue tie and jacket.
man wearing tie.
Girl wearing a black necklace holding a glass.
A woman wearing a black necklace.
The keg on the corner of the table.
A table with a large jug of water on top.
art project.
A woman with a striped shirt eating a very long hot dog on a bun.
A woman eating a footlong hot dog.
The man sitting in front.
A man in a white shirt sitting on a blue motorcycle.
A blue bicycle.
A blue bicycle ridden by a man in black shorts.
A slice of pizza.
A slice of pizza.
A blue sofa in the corner of the living room.
The coach on the far right.
the small kid on the scooter.
The little toddler in a white shirt with stripes is on a scooter with flames designed on it.
The giraffe that is directly center and has its head held high.
a giraffe standing with its head above the other giraffes.
The batter.
a man in red swinging.
The baby that is eating cake.
A baby eating cake.
A brown chair with no one on it.
The empty chair.
A donut covered in brown sugar.
The white donut wihth crumbs on it.
A chocolate dish with a candle on it sits on a plate that says happy 90th birthday in front of a smiling man.
The table that is set for the birthday celebration.
A brown and white stuffed teddy bear leaning forward against a wooden object.
A brown teddy bear with a white ears, nose, and paws in a young girl's hands.
A piece of 3-layer cake with frosting and various fruits on top.
mixed fruit cake is on the plate with spoon and fork.
A zebra standing next to some wooden posts and another zebra.
A zebra leaning on wooden planks.
the woman in white.
woman on the left.
The batter who just swung the bat.
person plyaing base ball.
A man in a dark blue shirt pulls out a cell phone standing next to two other men.
A man with dark blue T-shirt holding his cell phone.
A person skateboarding.
A man  skateboarding down the road or street.
split broccolli floret inside of muffin.
Man standing holding a pizza.
A man in a white shirt holding a pizza.
a silver car.
silver car.
A goat which is fully white.
An all white goat looking at a dog.
A bowl of sauce and a bowl of broccoli.
Three bowls of food.
The person riding the motorcycle.
A person on a motorbike.
The woman wearing sunglasses and an identification badge.
A black and white photo of a woman with an umbrella.
A parking meter in front of a black car.
A black parking meter in front of a black car.
The wooden chair with the red, green, and tan cushion.
A striped chair pushed up to a coffee table.
Bushy grey cat sitting on carpet and facing front.
The farthest away drink.
A woman biting fruit.
A woman sampling food at a food market.
A woman in a black, cable-knit sweater.
The woman in the middle that is holding a dog leash.
male cook.
A man in a grey t-shirt wearing a striped apron.
A woman eating sweets outside.
A woman getting ready to eat a doughnut.
the giraffe on the far right.
the giraffe standing off to the right by himself.
An elephant with dirt on its back has grabbed straw with its trunk.
An elephant next to a man in blue.
batsman.
A batter, in a flowered shirt.
A lawn chair, its back is directly facing the camera.
The back of a chair without cushions.
A giraffe in the savanna leaning on another giraffe.
A giraffe with its head above the other.
The blue chair furthest from the couches.
A blue arm chair that has another blue arm chair to the left and a coffe table in front.
a sexy woman standing under a leopard print umbrella.
a woman with a hand bag.
Baked goods in a black pot.
A bread in a stockpot.
The large sheep.
A sheep with his mouth open on the grass.
A small girl touching an elephant's trunk.
A little girl with a brown shirt and jean skirt feeding an elephant's trunk.
a urinal.
A urinal with blue fluid in the receptical.
Woman on a ski slope with three other people.
the skier on the left in the right hand picture.
A pitcher getting ready to throw.
a white keyboard infront of an oven and laptop.
White keyboard in front of a microwave.
the pink shirt.
A pink sleeve.
a wicket keeper.
Catcher in black gear.
The man with the glasses is looking out the window.
A man on the train watching the rain outside.
blue chair with a yellow crate on it.
A yellow basket full of books resting a teal colored chair next to a boy playing video games.
A red double decker bus with a movie poster on the side.
A red double decker bus turning.
A boy in a blue shirt with a cake.
A child in a blue shirt in front of a table with a cake on it.
The rollerslate of a boy wearing a grey and black T-Shirt.
A skateboard with a man in black and red shoes.
A young boy in a striped shirt and flip flops playing soccer.
Boy in striped shirt and sandals.
A grey tabby cat sitting on a table.
Brown tabby cat.
The blue color toy is in right hand of that boy.
A blue cuddly teddy bear with Get Well written on the belly.
Green bicycle sitting on train door.
A bicycle with a black seat.
A white, horizontal surfboard.
A white surfboard with blue stickers on it.
A Person outside in the snow wearing a red hoodie and a backpack.
Woman with red jacket and gray backpack.
A woman holding her cell phone in the air.
A woman holding up a cell phone.
the silver container on the top left.
silver canister behind the front most canister.
A giraffe rubbing its head against a tree.
A giraffe in the shade with its head against a tree.
A woman with a wii remote sits in a chair.
Woman holding a wii remote that looks bored.
The catcher with the red chest protecter.
baseball player in catchers uniform.
The piece of flat-bread pizza closest to blue bowl with spoon.
The piece of pizza closest to th e blue bowl.
The refrigerator.
the fridge in the right hand picture.
The foremost food with the olive.
Piece of food with cheese and a black olive on it.
Donut with chocolate and vanilla frosting.
A doughnut with icing in the shape of a spiderweb.
A man in a blue shirt.
Blue shirt wearing guy looking down.
A fork next to an orange.
a used fork on food finished plate.
A blue surf board lying on the ground between two people.
A blue surfboard laying on the grass.
A large teddybear wearing a white and red sweater.
A very large stuffed bear who is wearing a red shirt.
A slice of pizza to the left of the tomato.
A chair containing the pillow and cat.
The computer monitor that reads The Wire.
A laptop computer screen displaying The Wire.
A small black kitten lies on a laptop keyboard.
A black cat sleeping on top of a laptop.
man playing in ground.
the crouching guy with 55 in the right hand picture.
A baseball palyer wearing a blue shirt.
umpire.
The man with his hand touching his face.
Man standing in maroon and white uniform with two of his fingers on his face.
A person with the number 22 on his back.
A Baseball player trying to catch a bat.
A big white boat.
A ferry boat bringing people and vechicles from one side of the water to the other.
a black microwave.
a black microwave on the counter to the right of a man wearing a grey shirt.
sandwich on the right in the right hand picture.
the right sandwich in the right hand picture.
A teddy bear with a checkered design on one foot and a bumble bee design on the other foot. The bear also has the checkered design over its' ears.
chair far left.
someone watching a photo of a person on a mobile.
the hand of someone holding a phone.
A hot dog second in line from the top of the tray.
the third hotdog from the front.
The woman in the green jacket.
A woman in a green jacket.
the purse of the woman with white t-shirt on.
A woman with black tank top and multicolored skirt hugging an elephant's trunk.
A woman hugging the trunk of an elephant.
A television that has been turned on.
a grey television with a green image projected on it.
A woman wearing a necklace.
A woman in gray standing next to the man.
The industrial kitchen stove.
this is a stove with four burners.
Woman wearing a white headband in black outfit with white name tag.
A girl in black shorts.
A man wearing a black smock.
Man in black apron slicing meat off an animal's leg.
A sleek silver jet in front of the cones.
The jet with the long front.
A drink cup with a straw in it.
A disposable cup with a clear liquid with a clear straw sitting next to a meal.
A doughnut with a bite mark.
Bitten donut propped on an untouched donut.
A dark colored horse standing next to a wooden fence.
A moma horse looking at her baby.
the only bus.
A blue bus in front of a sign advertising free shuttle buses.
Guy with grey shirt an skinny lef jeans walking up steps with a skateboard.
A boy bringing a skateboard stepping on building stairs.
a wooden chair with gray slats.
the chairs is wood.
a brown cow.
Brown cow eating grass.
the front most green bus.
a green bus with a black tire.
woman in black dress.
A woman propped up on a pillow laying back on the bed.
on the table there is a bottle.
a table with a glass of wine on it.
The green case on the left.
the left most vase.
A black and gray remote next to a flip phone.
The remote to the left of the silver cell phone.
An orange on the plate.
the right bear in the right hand picture.
the brown bear that is walking towards the other brown bear's direction.
A gentleman wearing a suit, looking down, and walking with his hands on his hips.
A man in a black suit walking.
A blue container with bricks of cheese in it.
cubes of cheese in bowl.
The red table with no one standing in front of it.
Second table next to the one the cake is on.
The near arm of the couch.
couch arm and cushion to the mans right.
arm holding the tray with pizza.
Person holding the green tray.
The girl playing who is wearing a yellow shirt.
The woman in the yellow t shirt with one arm raised next to her head.
A piece of furniture that the bear is on. Including the pillows.
Pillows that have words on them.
the empty chair in front of the laptop.
A brown and black chair sitting in front of the woman.
A man holding kite strings.
A man in blue jeans and a blue vest, flying a kite with both hands.
Green and white canopy with writing and two women sitting beneath it.
The person that is reading a book.
A person's arms holding a book and a phone.
an all red apple.
a red apple is on the right of the other apples.
The headboard of the bed.
a bed headboard.
a man driving a sporty street bike.
Woman skier in blue coat.
A snowboarder wearing a blue jacket.
Soup with shredded cheese on table.
Bowl of soup next to sandwich halves.
man with green and black shades.
The man wearing a white tank top and lime green sunglasses.
bench with two people on it.
bench in middle.
The blue and white plane fully shown.
KLM airplane sitting on the tarmac.
the white plane with the blue and yellow tail.
An airplane with a blue wing with a sun on it.
A red sail set upon the dark wooden frame of a boat, with a seagull perched on top.
The part of a boat with a seagull perched upon it.
the mid sized vase.
The vase of medium height, neither tall nor short.
A baseball umpire calling a strikeout.
An umpire in a baseball game.
The man with the tattoos talking on the phone.
The man with tattoos.
The trailer with the work NOCK on it.
truck with NOCK wrote on it.
The largest lime below the other lime.
A large black pick-up truck with a quad bike loaded on the rear.
black, extended cab, 4-door truck.
the child skiing with the black jacket and red pants.
A male child with a black jacket and red pants skying.
A shiny black car.
A black car with a leather hood.
The half of the sandwich farthest from the camera.
Sandwich half closest to cup.
The glass of beer to the right of two other glasses of beer.
A nearly full glass of beer to the right of two other glasses of beer.
the 2 slices of pizza in the middle where there's another single piece in the right hand picture.
the larger group of pizza in the middle tray.
sofa in large arena.
A multi colored couch holds a woman with a pink shirt on the end.
delta plane.
A delta flight taking off with front wheels on air.
the blue sleeve.
A set of hands in the far left with a blue shirt.
BIG BLACK BEAR ON LEFT.
A black bear standing in a field near a cub.
Girl wearing pink and green shirt.
A young girl laying on a giant teddy bear couch.
The hotdog to the left of another hotdog.
A hot dog on the edge of a plate.
An empty chair.
an empty chair at an airport next to a girl sitting in a seat to the right.
a blob to the left of his head and above the ball.
the screen on the back of the seat that says SPOIL YOURSELF.
The screen with text clearly on it.
An oven baked pizza with cheese, spinach, and tomatoes.
The white cake with blue, yellow, purple and green frosting.
a cake with a white cream and some different color creams.
three wheeled high bicycle.
A white hatchback car with european tags.
white car top right.
the one that is taller.
A silver vase taller than the other.
the horse on the far left.
The horse farthest to the left.
side facing zebra.
The zebra with his head up.
A laughing baby on a skateboard behind another baby who is dressed in identical clothing.
a boy smaling.
glass of foaming beer.
This glass is in near the white cellphone.
A suitcase with a cat in it as well as the cat.
A black trolley bag in open condition, with a black cat on it.
A flatbed truck.
A white truck hauling a red sports car.
hand with plate.
A girl holds a white plate with a piece of cak and fork on it.
a chair the barefooted woman is sitting on.
A zebra that is standing behind another zebra.
A zebra with black and white color which is standing behind an another zebra.
The whole orange behind the plate.
An whole orange with an half placed in front of it.
The couch in back\.
A dark brown sofa with three pillows on it.
a white truck parked in a parking lot.
a white pickup truck.
A tennis player in action.
Tennis player in black shirt and wite shorts, hitting the ball.
An apple leaning towards a lemon on a tray.
The apple with a visible stem.
A white car with a black dog leaning out the window.
a white car with a black dog looking out.
A woman in a french maid costume.
A woman with black frock sitting infront on mirror.
the farthest right laptop.
Small Lenovo laptop with the background saying ideapad next to a computer mouse.
A sheep that has been recently sheared in a pen.
A sheep looking forward.
The elephant in the middle of two other elephants with its trunk extended.
An elephant extending out its trunk and is between two other elephants.
The sleeping Golden Retriever.
Dog closest to teddy bear.
keyboard in front of blue monitor.
a giraffe to the left of another giraffe.
an adult giraffe standing next to another giraffe.
A woman sitting with plate, spoon and knife with other hand.
A woman in a black shirt with buttons holding a plate standing in the kitchen.
A man wearing a black T-shirt, wearing sunglasses on top of his head.
A man in a black Tshirt with sunglasses on his head.
a man standing at a podium getting ready to throw something.
A man standing behind a podium throwing a frisbee.
A white computer keyboard on top of a table.
White keyboard.
A soft black suitcase with white tags.
A gray piece of luggage furthest from the man.
A large green suitcase with a light green luggage tag on the handle.
The suitcase closest to the little girl in pink.
A hanging flower pot with colorful flowers.
A flower arraingement on top of a female horse jockey riding a grey horse.
The tusks and trunk of an elephant, barely seen in a photo that also contains a large elephant and a baby elephant.
an elephant.
A man in a red button down shirt helping to cut the cake.
An older man wearing a red shirt.
a player catching a baseball.
The baseball player about to catch a ball.
The blue and white umbrella.
A blue and white umbrella shielding a man in a red apron and white hat from the sun.
Numerous apples in a bin.
bowl of apples.
A RED COUCH WITH TWO LARGE PILLOWS.
A red soft with two large pillows.
belly of a cow.
Far right cow.
A person in a red shirt standing behind the food counter.
the only person whose face is visible.
A person in a dark top and dark long shorts holding a leash.
A Boy standing on footpath with black short.
The left most water glass.
The leftmost glass of water.
red, blue and orange train on the left track at a station.
A red train with blue doors sitting on the tracks.
A man wearing shorts an a black knit hat.
A man in a sweater and shorts trying to catch a frisbee.
An old-fashioned clock that reads approximately 12:20.
A fully-visible clock face that is indicating 12:18.
elephant with trunk turned up and standing behind another elephant.
A larger elephant with it's trunk lifted.
The lamb that is looking to its left.
A sheep turning its head.
A cafeteria table with six young boys sitting around it.
the table with several kids sitting around it.
A man mostly hidden by a Suzuki motorcycle.
A blond man with glasses standing beside the motorcycle.
a elephant that is laying in the water.
The Pitcher that just threw the ball.
A pitcher throwing a ball at the batter.
The umpire getting ready to call a ball or strike.
Umpire standing behind the catcher.
A black and white dog standing and sniffing close to a dog laying down.
The meat on the white plate.
the plate that only has roast beef on it.
a bowl with circular food.
the bowl with the powdered pastries.
The boy with a blue shirt and black shorts.
the man with the blue top and black shorts.
Woman wearing the brown shirt.
Woman holding a phone with a George Washington University sweater.
a child in purple pajamas sitting and holing on to a remote.
little girl in purple seating in chair.
the white tray on the top rack, in the right corner.
the white tray on the top rack, in the right corner.
A shorter chef standing to the left of a taller chef.
male chef in white jacket and black hair standing next to a taller male chef.
A long green Heineken boat sits in a channel.
a long green Heineken boat.
A white dog lays on a bed next to a black dog with a brown muzzle.
the white dog.
The girl who is doing a wheelie on her skateboard.
A young girl with face makeup popping up a skateboard.
A plane flying above another plane.
airplane on top right of formation.
A girl in red socks.
A GIRL WEARING SCHOOL UNIFORM.
The tan and white pony.
A tan and white miniature pony.
woman bottom left corner.
The woman in bluejeans is carrying a purse.
The boy in the black jeans and white shirt is bent over.
YOUNG BOY IN BLACK PANTS BENT OVER.
A umpire standing behind a catcher.
an umpire in black.
A phone showing text messages from Aaron Rogers.
The electronic device with the brightest screen.
a middle-aged woman in the kitchen with her twin sister.
A woman in a dark sweater with the sleeves rolled up standing by a concrete wall.
the tallest of the dogs.
A tall dog on a leash facing the photographer in a black and white image.
{}.
A yellow surfboard with a black nose.
a bundle of unripe bananas being carried by a man.
A huge bundle of bananas being carried.
A black car parked beside the tan truck.
Bottle of Corona beer.
a bear that is on the table named corona.
A slice of pizza touching the line on the cutting board at the bottom of the cutting board.
the slice of pizza on the middle right side, where 4 o'clock would be.
The picnic table the girl with the grey shirt is sitting at.
a brown horse is standing near a man.
A brown horse standing next to a person.
The vegetables in the blue container.
Red vegetables in a blue container rest on a table next to other vegetables.
A man in a white shirt and orange tie poses for a picture.
A man wearing a white shirt, orange tie, chinos, and sneakers.
A woman in a purple dress.
A woman dressed in purple standing next to two other women.
A bowl with veggies.
a bowl of salad in a white bowl on the table.
The orange in the front of the row.
a orange with no top.
The chair on which the child is sitting.
Black chair girl is sitting on.
A young boy smiling with a gray, orange, and blue shirt.
A kid holding a toy.
man standing.
Man laughing.
A pink and white toothbrush in a glass musg sitting between a tube of toothpaste and two other toothbrushes.
A black cat lying on the white bed in front of another white cat sleeping beside.
the black cat.
A blonde, white woman in a patterned dress holding a large teddy bear.
The blonde haired woman.
White coloured Bench is placed facing the sea.
a white bench near shore.
the chair facing the woman swinging the remote.
A white chair facing towards a woman.
girl in glasses and green dress.
Woman wearing green dress with a good smile and wearing lens.
A little boy with a green coat and blue gloves is skiing in the snow.
A boy in a blue hat, green jacket and gray pants on skis.
A child wearing a striped orange and white shirt.
boy sitting at table with red stripped shirt.
A man causing his skateboard to lean on two side-wheels.
The photo of the man with both arms extended.
A BLACK AND SILVER OPEN LAPTOP ON A TABLE.
laptop to the right of the donuts.
A girl wearing polka dotted frock.
A girl with white dotted frock.
the man in the dark brown shirt.
A man wearing brown shoes and a brown belt.
a burger near the donet in a plate.
A chocolate creme filled doughnut.
The boy standing on the skateboard.
The boy standing on the skateboard.
A picture of a baseball player who is up to bat, and she is wearing a dress.
A women swining a bat.
woman in blue shirt on the phone.
A woman on blue is on her phone.
an older woman sitting down watching tv.
the back of a womans head siting down.
bus beside car.
a yellow bus stopped at a red light.
a black and brown dog on the left of other dogs with a light brown dog on the right of it eating.
A black dog with a tan undercoat, it has its head in a food dish.
The leather bag is in slanting position.
Leather suit case in a luggage trolley.
a black bike in the front of another one.
A white woman with blond hair wearing a black shirt and grey shorts pushing a boat with a man in while two white older people watch on the shore.
a woman with t shirt and short.
A red double decker bus with an advertisement on the side.
A red bus with a number two label.
A pizza in front of a woman with a gray sweatshirt.
pizza.
A man is standing with two ladies.
man in the middle of two ladies.
A mature giraffe.
the tall giraffe behind the little giraffe.
A plain glass bottle with a white liquid.
A half empty bottle of clear liquid.
a boat with pots and food.
clock mounted to wall.
A clock on the wall that says Black & Blue.
A toilet with the seat up in the third frame.
A black car driving by.
man sits in a black car on the side of road.
A adult zebra and a baby zebra standing in a grass field.
A large adult zebra.
A grey and white cat.
The grey and white cat that is standing up.
A wooden banch in a park.
The chair on which two guys and a girl are seated.
The man wearing the shirt that says Street on it.
A man with a shaved head on a laptop.
A girl wearing black pants and a blue zip-up jacket.
A young girl in a blue jacket and black pants walks.
a computer screen on a desk next to a black mouse.
A computer monitor with a black mouse in front of.
black skis.
black skis covered in snow on skier with black pants.
A stuffed toy bear with blue eyes is next to a smaller bear.
A stuffed koala bear made with mixed fabrics and exposed stitching with an embroidered nose.
The ahlf bald man.
man in background.
An older man wearing a red shirt, jeans and glasses sitting on the edge of a sofa.
A grandparent in red watching his grandson play.
the person with the hat.
A boy laying the opposite direction of 3 females to his right.
Hell Fire Motocycle with a smoking guy on it.
A motorcycle with the word HellFire on the gas tank.
the goat to the left.
a goat eating with it's back turned to the camera.
A zebra eating grass which is in the right.
A zebra that is nearer the bigger bunch of trees.
A woman in a white dress and dark coat.
a person on the left.
the image right to the lady with blue dress.
the second to last picture of the bed on the bottom row.
Finger type food sitting on a piece of lettuce.
Baked food.
A brown horse with its head hidden behind another horse.
FIRST ELEPHANT.
The first elephant in the succession of the three elephants. The gentleman wearing a hat is riding it.
almost bald man in gray shorts.
A orange t shirt man facing front.
The second white bench in from the bottom right hand side.
A small black sedan  behind the parked truck.
black car bottom right.
countertop closest to lighting fixtures.
COUNTER TOP WITH BASKET.
A blue and white airplane with KLM on it.
The blue and while KLM plane on the ground.
the book without cover art.
A book with a white cover.
A woman jackie who is riding a horse of brown color.
A man with the number 21 on his shirt.
A man in a gray suit and pink striped tie on a stage.
A middle-aged man in a grey suit talking at a TedX conference.
A girl with black color towel.
The skiier with the backpack and black pants.
A man with skis and a backpack on.
The boy doing the trick.
The gentleman riding the skateboard who is airborne, wearing a long sleeved plaid shirt.
a guy in a suit.
The suit of the man.
A dessert covered in red sauce.
A small piece of meat to the left of the other piece.
A man in a white and red shirt holds a camera and a pair of purple scissors up of a mirror.
Someone holding a cameara taking pictures of a pair of scissors.
The motorcycle with the person sitting on it.
A motorcycle ridden by someone in a brown shirt.
Trail mix in a tray next to fruits and vegetables.
A tray on which pebbles are stored.
A chair in a kitchen next to a window.
The chair in front of the window.
blue coat behind the baby.
A long blue bag behind a kid's hand.
A girl in a gray jacket and blue jeans in a grassy area next to a smaller girl.
A girl in blue jeans.
The black cat furtherest away from the wardrobe.
A black and white cat looking toward the camera.
A man in shorts and a yellow shirt catching a frisbee.
man in yellow shirt.
A girl looking at the camera holding a pastry.
Children Eating Fast Food.
A gray cat has its head in the sink.
A black cat with its head in a sink.
the filled donut upper left.
The donut on the top left.
a purple plant behind a yellow chair.
Man fixing another man's tie.
man in blue t-shirt and black cap.
A small plane with a British flag on the tail.
a very old gray airplane on grass.
man sitting on bench reading the newspaper.
A man in a dark colored jacket sitting on a bench reading.
a baseball glove  hanging on a peg.
The rear end of a military vehicle with a camp cover.
An Army truck on the road.
A horse being petted.
Half of a sandwich hidden behind a napkin.
half of sandwich under napkin on a white plate.
wooden table with a food tray on it that hasa donut on it.
A table with a Dunkin Donuts tray on it and a woman sitting at it.
the man in the right side of the image.
A GIRL SKATING AND WEARING DARK BLUE DENIM AND WHITE SHOCKS AND CANVAS SHOE.
picnic table bench that is closest to  the seated skater.
a black picnic table.
a black bag on the flore.
black luggage.
Medium sized elephant walking from grass to dirt road.
Computer monitor to the right of the other monitor.
Apple computer monitor to the right side.
An women wearing blue dress walking on road.
A woman wearing a black coat and pants holding an umbrella.
An umpire watching the pitch.
An umpire in the ready position, wearing all black as usual.
A man with a blue long-sleeve shirt with a tie.
a man in a blue shirt and tie with a bottle of beer in front of him.
A person wearing jeans and carrying a black bag.
A person with a black coat and hood, with a black purse and blue jeans on the other side of the fence.
A guy drinking from a glass.
The man in white taking a drinl.
A pile of diced carrots laying on a cutting board.
carroat peaces was on the chap cutter.
Drink cup in the middle of a bunch of fries.
A dimly lit to-go cup with a picture of a classic coca-cola on it.
skis facing left.
The skis on the taller persons feet.
the chair behind the guy wearing the stripes.
A brown chair to the top left of pizza.
A person leaving over and peaking behind another person.
The person mostly blocked by the man in black.
Skier standing in between two other people wearing a reflective face mask.
A man in between two skiiers.
a man wearing the red colour baniyan.
Man sitting on bench in red shirt and baseball cap.
The blurry person in the background wearing a black top and gray bottom.
Elephant with trunk hanging over wall.
An elephant with its trunk hanging over the wall.
A dark wood chair.
the chair the man is sittin on.
The half eatern hot dog.
A half eaten hot dog in hand of a lady along with tissue paper.
An invisible man in a coat and glasses near a river.
The dressed up silhouette.
the cat on the left in the right hand picture.
the cat on the left in the right hand picture.
A chair with no objects visible on it.
A red and white tennis racket.
a red, white, and black colored tennis racket.
A person in white shoes stands on a bench.
Person in the white shoes.
A lady wearing red pants skiing.
A skier in brown and yellow making a turn.
A kid looking down at something.
Hands holding pizza.
Darkest brown horse.
A bark brown horse with white hooves.
The bat the child is holding.
A yellow and black T-ball bat.
A little girl in a purple shirt and diapers with a woman pulling up her pants.
A child in a purple shirt.
the big truck in front of the other big truck.
A large truck in front of another.
A lady in dark sunglasses looking at her white cellphone.
A woman with long hair who is holding a silver phone.
Woman sitting in chair wearing a striped shirt.
A woman sitting in a chair looking at her child.
an old twin bed with a pillow and the blanket turned down against two walls in a small bedroom.
Metal-framed beg with large pillow and bedspread with the right corner folded down.
A glass of red juice sitting on a table.
A cup of black coffee.
Ford SUV.
a car on the road.
an overfilled black suitcase.
A sheep standing in front of another sheep.
A woolly animal with a black-rimmed eye standing to the left of another animal.
A man with a leather jacket sitting at a table.
a man in a leather jacket and french hat.
The woman with her hair pulled back in a ponytail.
the woman getting ready to throw.
A man in a blue shirt going up a skateboard bowl.
A man in a bright blue t-shirt and cool white sunglasses rides the skateboard up the ramp.
A piece of broccoli which is on the left side.
a girl carrying a surfboard.
The woman carrying the surfboard.
A red clock with white face showing is is 3:35.
A clockface patrtially covered by leaves, showing exactly 3:35.
The man in the blue wind breakers.
the guy on the right in the right hand picture.
a blonde woman wearing a blue, red, and white ski suit and orange cap.
A woman on skies.
The smallest elephant.
The right most elephant.
The man with red and black striped shorts.
A man carrying a surfboard.
Someone holding a pen in their right hand and wearing red white and black.
woman with pen in hand.
The right side of a man standing in front of a table covered in kitchenware.
chef leaning to the side.
A small black bear standing in front of another bear in the grass.
The bear cub on the left.
The wooden table surrounding the pizza.
A wooden railing behind a man with curly hair and the man next to him.
the back of a wooden bench behind the one the guys are sitting on.
wooden toilet seat in the stall on the right.
toilet at right.
A red and white fire hydrant.
a red and white fire hydrant.
A white bowl of cat food that is shaped like a cat.
The bowl of food.
brown booth behind table in front.
Leather dining high-back chair.
A brown couch with a owl stuffed animal.
A armchair with a owl plushy on it.
A woman standing between 2 men with green shirt and large belt buckle.
A lady standing next to a man wearing a blue suit and tie.
Bottom bunk.
A bottom bunk.
black chair cushion behind the green and red bird.
Front glass window of a black and stainless steel kitchen range oven.
A black and silver oven.
A giraffe about to walk out of the frame.
The body of a giraffe and his legs.
back of black leather sofa placed horizontally in room.
A light brown bear with a gold colored necklace.
A golden teddy bear with a brown nose sits next to a red bear with a white nose.
A woman with a black and white scarf holding a hot dog on a skewer.
A woman wearing a black and white scarf.
A group of oranges.
a fuzz photo of orangers.
a man holding a purple frisbee in a park.
a man in a park holding a frisbee.
woman in striped shirt seated with back to windows.
A girl in a striped shirt wearing eyeglasses sitting at the table smiling.
Bus with a destination presented.
Green bus with orange words on the top.
The man with the v-neck and khakis.
A man in khaki pants.
A horse that is closest to a girl holding her hand out.
A horse near to the girl.
A man holding a cake.
A man holding a cake on his hand.
A man in an orange shirt bending down on a tennis court.
the person in the orange shirt.
the guy in the green coat in the right hand picture.
Person in a light green coat and white pants.
glass of water in table.
The glass of water directly behind the plate.
A man with a hat riding on a horse with his daughter.
A man holding a little girl on a horse.
Green surfboard.
A green surfoard held by a woman.
A skateboarder in a black shirt with colorful high-tops.
A child about to go down a ramp on a skateboard.
That giraffe that is not facing towards the camera.
giraffe standing on right side.
A woman in a black shirt holding a wii remote.
A woman smaling.
The horse with just the bottom portion of his nose white in the picture.
Horse with white man riding it, looking down.
the red train.
Red train park in a station.
A black computer monitor siting to the left of another computer monitor on a desk.
The monitor farther from the keyboard.
A girl playing soccer as a goalie and has the number 1.
The girl with the number '1' on her shirt.
dog on right wearing green bow tie and hat.
A pug to the right of another pug looking down.
tall green plant in the pot on the floor.
the small plant next to the red table.
A horse in between 2 other horses.
A horse with a white saddle.
A white and brown backpack.
a tan and brown bookbag worn by a girl carrying a skateboard.
guy in air.
A man doing tricks on a skateboard.
the first object from the front.
The piece of food all the way at the bottom.
a cake was on the tray.
Blue and white cake with a cross on it on a silver platter.
A women with red hair smoking a cigarette on a boat.
A lady in a blue bikini sitting in a boat with three other people.
this is a slice of salami next to cheese.
A slice of salami just left of the one touching the cheese.
The bus driver and person wearing the vest on the bus.
A man behind the front window of a bus.
A donut sitting on top of another donut on a plate.
The top doughnut on the plate.
A sheep interacting with a dog.
A sheep being sniffed by a dog.
sliced and chopped parts of apple.
An older woman drinking wine.
Woman drinking wine from a tall stem glass beside a man drinking while at the table.
Smaller giraffe in the back.
The third giraffe back from the front with most of its neck showing.
a giraffe in the background leaning.
A giraffe sticking his head through the fence.
A gray Volkswagen beetle parked on the road and near a wooden bench.
An old model gray car.
A lonely slice of pizza sitting on a plate with a fork and some sort of dip.
closest pizza slice.
burger holding by somebody.
the half of a sandwich being held.
A WOMAN WITH TENNIS BAT.
a girl with a pink shirt holding a racquet.
Cut up melon in a collander.
Pieces of pineapple in a dessert in a metal bowl.
bird on left.
A bird flying below a purple kite.
A red car outside.
A red park that is parked.
The person riding the motorcycle.
A rider riding a dirt bike.
A pink pastry in front of three other pastries.
A white doughnut. It is in front of three others.
A cruise ship with tourists in the foreground and two cruise ships in the background.
The white cruise ship closest to the beach front.
Giraffe being fed by person.
A giraffe eats some food through a fence.
a slice of pepperoni pizza in a box.
a large slice of pepperoni pizza.
The slice of pizza that hasn't been moved away from the rest.
A piece of the pizza that has been cut into roughly 1/4 of the whole.
Woman in white shirt sitting at the table.
A LADY READY TO EAT ON FRONT OF THE DINING TABLE.
A lady holding a blue can.
This is a sitting woman holding a can of red bull.
left woman.
the woman who is talking but not smiling widely.
The stop sign with lights reflecting off of it.
A stop sign that has white marks on it, particularly an angled line above the p.
The woman in the yellow shirt.
woman in a yellow shirt and gray shorts.
The person sitting on the right with a white shirt.
person sitting towards edge wearing a white tshirt.
the back of a green plaid sofa chair.
single seater sofa.
The man on the bench closet to the man who is standing.
A man in a between two other men in hats on a bench.
The chocolate iced donut with bumbs.
A chocolate covered donut shaped like a star.
truck on right facing this way.
Man in maroon shirt looking at camera.
A young couple sitting on a couch with their friends playing video games.
Rotten fruit with a face carved into it.
rotting orange with face drawn on it.
a woman with a black shirt on.
The man in the chair with his back turned.
Woman in a maroon shirt.
A blue toothbrush.
a blue and white toothbrush with an insect on the top.
The tv with the blue screen.
Girl watching at the snacks with a woman shown by other girl.
A child watching another girl prepare pizza.
the zebra on the far right.
The zebra on the right.
The mostly brown bull that is not fully in the picture.
Cow with tiny white spots.
A boy in a black sweater gets ready to catch a red frisbee.
A black male wearing a camo black hoodie catching a frisbee.
The bear in the back of the line.
Black bear in the back of the line.
WOman standing on the floor inspecting.
A woman wearing a hair net.
a person with black pant and white and black shoes.
A checkered shoe.
A young girl with her tongue sticking out, holding up a fork full of noodles.
A little girl holding up a fork.
the left most wooden bench in the right hand picture.
The bench on the far left.
left hand boarder.
A woman in red on a ski lift.
A woman in white gloves and glasses.
Lady wearing glasses, suit, and gloves.
The brown part of a chair that a woman is sitting in.
a brown wooden chair back behind a woman in a pink shirt.
elephant standing in the back side.
An elephant standing behind another elephant. Only two legs and an extra trunk are shown.
A spoon on the mapkin.
APPLE CLOSEST TO TOP.
the apple that is cut off at the top of the bowl.
a girl with a white shirt holding on a bear cub.
Smiling brunette girl sitting on the floor with a white jacket on and blue jeans.
The head of a redheaded woman.
The back of a person's head.
The poodle behind the the other dog next to the dark brown dog.
A dog back and in between two other dogs looking out side.
A brown toilet sits on the ground.
a old brown rectangle ashtray.
A surfboard being held by a person.
The surfboard being carried.
A green bottle of wine inscribed Scott Cellar 2006.
A wine bottle wit Central Coast.
A black cat that is laying next to a mat with food.
Black cat laying on it's stomach in the middle floor.
A man in sunglasses eating a hamburger.
A man with long balding hair holds a burger.
The skateboard of the kid in the air.
A skateboard being used by a boy in a black shirt.
A yellow messenger bag being held by a man.
A yellow bag pinned beneath the forearm of a man sitting on a yellow fire hydrant.\.
A grey suitcase next to a blue one.
The gray suitcase in the vehicle.
left giraffe whose face is not visible.
The back girafffe with his faced covered.
A baby giraffe standing by a grown-up giraffe.
A baby giraffe standing under her parent.
A man in jeans, a goonies shirt, and brown shoes catching a frisbee.
A man getting ready to catch a Frisbee.
man with white parka whose hood is up and red ski pants with hands close to body.
The person standing on the left facing the sun.
a vehicle on the most right.
A black and white photo of a toddler girl in a dress.
the little girl sitting down.
A white couch with cream pillows.
The white couch on the right.
A fork, with the tale of a baked fish on the left and a slice of lime on the right.
A fork between a fish and a lime.
The cake below the forks.
closest cake.
A panasonic mobile front view.
A pink panasonic cell phone.
Lawn chair being occupied by a man.
a blue chair with a man sitting in it.
A large monitor on the right side of a desk next to two other monitors, with a small tablet propped up in front of it.
parking meter with juicy sticker.
A parking meter with a sticker that says juicy on the side.
The school buss is close to the white truck.
The school bus near the gray car.
The girl brushing her teeth.
A young girl brushing her teeth and behind her is a small boy trying to brush teeth.
A green apple underneath an orange.
A green apple at the bottom of the bowl.
The woman who is sitting up fully.
A young woman sitting on a bed with three other people.
WOMAN IN WHITE SHIRT TALKING TO A MAN.
The woman in the black dress and white sweater is on a date.
A set of black snow skies with a white design on top of the snow.
A pair of skiis.
The half of a sandwich that is in a vertical position and on the left of its other half.
A giraffe lying down closest to the car.
the giraffe on the left facing away.
A speedboat with a blue barrel attached to its side.
A boat with blue barrel attached by the dock.
A large bushel of unripe bananas.
A large bunch of green bananas still attached to the tree.
A crane standing  behind another crane.
bird walking away from camera.
A man with a shiny watch talking on his phone.
a guy on a cell phone making a weird face.
A smiling women with a brown shirt and green pants standing.
A woman in a brown shirt and green pants.
the woman in white that's on the back of the bus.
a large picture of a woman on the back of a city bus.
The blonde girl in the pink and red shirt.
a blonde girl looking to the right.
A scooter parked near many suitcases.
a grey moped.
the baby using one hand.
The baby on the right side with longer hair.
A sandwich with cheese and greens to the left of the others.
a hot dog bun with cheese and lettuce.
The entire train that is closest to the people.
A green train with a yellow front.
Man wearing a blue t-shirt holding a black bag in the train station.
The young man stands with his luggage outside of the commuter train waiting for his ride.
The baby in the tub holding a blue object to the woman's face.
A small child taking a bath and holding a purple toy.
The elephant in the front of the line.
an elephant used for transport.
The recliner closest to the long bench.
A deckchair closest to the building on the right.
the woman to the left of the guitar.
A woman in gray sitting on the couch next to a guitar player.
A man wearing a gray hoodie and black shorts, sitting in the bleachers while watching a tennis match.
A man wearing a dark hoodie sitting in the stands.
a gray truck in front.
gray vehicle directly behind elephant on road.
A man standing at his counter with his legs crossed.
the man in lighter jeans.
the grass in the picture behind the table.
A plant infront of a painting of a tree and behind the heads of a couple sitting at a table.
A white car in front of others.
A white Toyota pickup with a cab on the back.
A large elephant inspects a downed tree with its trunk.
The profile of a full elephant.
A man sitting next to a woman on a bench.
A man wearing glasses.
A blue chair.
Blue folding camping chair with no one at it.
A zebra is leaning down, eating grass.
A zebra bending down to graze on the grass.
a silver van driving beside the big red bus.
the silver van next to the big red bus.
The car on the left stopped at the light.
A dark colored car is driving in the night.
Pizza remaining on the pan.
The large slice of pizza on large plate.
White umbrella facing sideways.
The white lamp umbrella on the left of the screen.
A newborn lamb laying down in the hay.
A baby sheep lying next to it's mom.
A lamb enjoying being petted.
A sheep being petted by the woman.
A man playing a video game.
Man sitting on a couch with baby in front of him.
The motorcycle the man is sitting on.
A motorcycle being driven by a man wearing a green shirt.
Keyboard.
An Apple wireless keyboard.
The train on the right with decorations in front.
A white chair slided under the table.
A chair in a hospital room, one that is pushed under the table in the corner.
A child holding an apple.
young child holding apple.
The chair on which the match referee is seated.
A red chair on top of a white platform on a tennis court.
A MAN IS SITTING  WITH A GLASS IN HAND.
A person sitting with a glass of water.
The sink on the right side.
A white sink that is located on the right.
Baseball player getting ready to catch the ball.
A baseball player in a crouched position.
A person with black pants sitting at a table that has pizza on it.
A person's lap - his legs are under a table.
A slice of cheese pizza with a french fry on top.
a slice of cheese and fries pizza.
skateboarder wearing yellow helmet.
A boy in a yellow helmet riding a  skateboard.
The boy in the black shirt and the black helmet.
A GIRL READY TO PLAY SKATING GAME.
Young child in white shirt standing in the parking lot.
A young boy with blond hair having just kicked a ball.
A book titled The Chameleon Clay.
Third book from the top.
A microwave with a science experiment inside it.
A microwave that's open.
A woman in a bikini top and surf suit standing on a beach looking at the ocean.
A woman in a hat, standing on the beach.
full white plate of food.
A white plate with some of food items.
A white boat with blue trim.
Boat with blue stripe down the side.
A baby dressed in a white dress is holding two umbrellas.
A girl with a turquoise hat and white gown with two umbrellas, holding an umbrella over a baby in a crib.
a mirror image of cat.
a cat image displayed in the mirror.
The large ship with no raise sails.
The giant sailboat.
An older man looking off to the side of the camera, getting ready to eat pizza.
A man eating a pizza sitting beside a woman.
The girl on the left.
The woman on the left.
dark chair with pillow under shadow of fan.
A red velvet armchair sits in a dark corner near the fireplace.
BROCCOLI WHICH IS NEAR TO THE FORK.
referee dressed in a black shirt.
An umpire.
a man white shirt and black pants.
A man not wearing a suit jacket.
The United aircraft with the open cargo area and baggage carts around it.
flight with 'UNITED' written on it.
a man in black board shorts.
a man wearing sunglasses and black shorts posing with a surf board.
A black apple computer with a beige coffee cup in front of it on top of a blue cloth napkin.
A black laptop.
Smaller elephant with leather-covered arm holding a tusk.
The man kneeling in the gray shirt.
A man in jeans and a gray shirt playing with a child.
A giraffe eating leaves.
A giraffe facing the camera.
a woman in black trousers.
A girl in black holding an umbrella.
A guy in a dark shirt laying ona  couch.
Man in green top laughing.
Blue and yellow bus.
A yellow bus that is standing aside the red bus.
two middle planes.
two identical blue planes between two other identical planes/.
skateboarder with blue sneakers on.
A skateboarder airborne.
man wearing blue shirt and backpack preparing to eat.
A man with a blue shirt and green back pack about to eat a dessert.
A bowl of pasta and veggies.
The bowl of pasta or noodles.
A green apple in the front left of a handful of apples.
The bottom left most green apple.
A silver motorcycle with a policeman sitting on it.
Motorcycle with policeman sitting on it.
The treein the corner with the black bin next to it.
A puppy sleeping in a dog bed.
A black dog sleeping along with a pink teddy bear toy.
A brown horse with ribbons in its hair and tail, that is to the right of the man in the gray business suit.
A clydesdale horse being led by a man in a black suit and tie.
A teenage boy in an orange jacket, petting a cat.
A man in an orange jacket petting a cat.
A person in a red coat.
A man in a red jacket.
the plate with mushrooms and herbs.
slice of cake on right.
Purple flowers in front of grey bench.
a bunch of purple flowers, furthest away from the people.
customized motorcycle with fat rear tire.
A brown and black motorcycle with two red tail lights.
A bowl of tomato soup.
The bowl of soup.
The first umbrella from the left.
black umbrella on the far left.
the woman wearing the green cut off shirt.
A woman in a teal shirt, cooking over a fire.
A sandwich with onions, cheese and mustard.
A sandwich with orange cheese sticking out and squirts of mustard.
red, black white dotted tie.
Red tie on man in white shirt.
A woman with red hair sitting on a bench.
Woman in glasses and white sweater.
The blue and silver chair seat.
The chair directly in front of the food being eaten.
a man sitting on a chair on his phone.
A man in a striped jacket sitting at a table looking at a cellphone.
net.
A kid in a white shirt skateboarding.
A mn skateboarding in the park.
A chair with a white shirt draped over it.
dining room chair with a white jacket on the back.
Dare to be Square book.
A green and white book underneath two other books.
A fork on a plate.
The fork.
A chair between a table and the microwave.
Chair on the far side of set table.
A baseball player playing shortstop.
A man the field watching the bating.
Man lying on back.
man with head off the bed and eyes closed.
A red tow truck.
A red conventional cab tow truck pulling a trailer on the road.
the white horse in the middle.
horse connected to the carriage between the other two horses.
the cat not using the bed.
A black and white cat laying down on a blue blanket.
A child with a coffee in his hand and wearing a white shirt.
a young boy wearing a white shirt. he is holding a drink in his hand and has bread in front of him.
A woman skier in a blue jacket looking back at the photographer.
a woman in a blue coat.
A black coloured cup in between the other cups.
A black coffee mug with water lilies on it, sitting on a shelf between two white coffee mugs.
A half-full glass of soda sits in front of the lady.
The glass of brown soda with a red straw in it.
back side of a view sonic computer screen.
The back of the computer that can be seen on the desk.
keyboard.
The apple keyboard.
A woman wearing blue tee preparing food.
The lady wearing blue T-shirt and cooking.
giraffe looking at camera.
A giraffe standing to the standing to the right of 2 other giraffes.
A green couch with people sitting on it and pink pillows atop it as well.
A long green seat with two pink pillows on it.
the brown wooden chair in the back.
wooden chair behind the motorcycle.
front most man in camo.
An african american man wearing camo clothes holding one suitcase in each hand.
A wooden chair sitting between two other wooden chairs on a patio.
A WOODEN CHAIR AT THE MIDDLE OF TWO OTHER WOODEN CHAIRS.
a bicycle is parking in the road along with another vehicles.
A bicycle leaning on a bench.
A tan dog that is playing in a pool.
A golden dog.
A part of the tablecloth in the foreground.
The brown front edge of a picnic table.
The guy in the middle with glasses and in white t shirt.
The man wearing glasses.
The red toothbrush closest to the toothpaste.
A red toothbrush among other toothbrushes on a sink.
A bottle of ginger beer.
A bottle of ginger beer.
A man wearing three pairs of sunglasses.
Man wearing three pairs of sunglasses.
an old couple is about to cut the cake.
The old man cutting into the cake.
bike parked in show room.
A giraffe that is not licking a girl's hand, but looking at the girl.
a baby giraffe looking over a fence next to an adult giraffe.
man wear white printed shirt.
The briggs guy.
A little girl sucking her thumb.
Young white girl with blonde curly hair, sucking her thumb.
The white chair on the left.
An older man dressed in blue and denim speaking into a small microphone.
A husky old man wearing a blue shirt and jeans.
birght colored umbrela.
A parasol with rainbow coloring on its underside.
A man with yellow sunglasses holding up a skateboard.
the man holding the skateboard. focus of the picture.
A zebra standing in front of two other zebras.
The zebra is eating grass.
bottom half of the bus directly in front of the other blue bus.
A blue bus parked infront of another blue bus.
a chair on the end of a table.
Little shirtless boy riding on a pony.
child on pony.
A box of saran wrap on a wooden table.
The reddish orange in the back from the right.
apple furthest to the right.
A navy blue plane with crossbones as a logo.
A blue and white airplane with yellow tips on the propellers.
The head of the cow in front of the other.
Big brown cow and a white cow.
A left hand wearing a watch picking up food from a plate.
A person putting the toppings on a pizza by hand.
A sandwich in the middle of two sandwiches.
The middle portion of the meat sandwich located behind the soup bowl.
A red light.
a red light.
A woman taking a self portrait.
A women taking a selfie.
Woman in uniform sitting back and looking up smiling at someone else.
A seated scout.
A man who is catching a frisbee.
man wearing black sweater holding frisbee.
The player on the left.
a player injured.
the umpire being hugged.
This is a man in a boat wearing a white shirt.
man and woman in boat.
A grey airline that sits on the left, next to two other grey airplanes on the right.
The plane on the left with its front not visible in the picture.
The bike pointing to the ride with a man on it.
The bicycle the man is riding.
A container of purple flowers with green stems.
Purple flowers in bloom to the left of the bottom of a set of stairs.
A piece of pizza kept on a plate and a women in green dress is eating it.
A big piece of pizza.
a black tennis racket that is being held by a girl with a green shirt.
tennis racket being held by a girl.
A man holding a black dog.
A man wearing a green baseball hat sitting in a chair and holding a black dog.
The striped chair on the left with its back facing the camera.
A chair whose two legs are on the carpet and the other two legs are on the floor.
A coffee mug.
There is a cup of papaya juice beside mixer.
The hand visible in the top of the picture.
A whole motorcycle all the way on the left.
A little boy wearing a big hat.
A little boy with a beach hat and blue floral shorts.
Man approaching tennis net.
The man wearing a red bandana holds a tennis racket.
The back end of a green and gold commuter or passenger train.
the green train.
A girl with a white boa sitting in a room with 3 other women.
A woman wearing a white boa.
The teddy bear beneath and between the two bears with red sweaters and two dollar price tags.
A teddy bear on the right of a back row behind other teddy bears.
A man in a dark green shirt smiles at the people on the bed.
A person in a black trimmed shirt sitting down with three people behind him.
A pizza with a slice missing.
The pizza which has one slice missing.
Black bag to right of man.
The airplane on the right.
container with bananas and blueberries.
A bowl of banana slices and blueberries.
A woman in a short, blue skirt, watching a tennis match.
woman standing in back wearing blue skirt.
an elephant with a human on top.
An elephant with a woman sitting atop it.
the banana on the far right.
A banana on the outside of a pile of fruit.
top bed on right side.
the top bunk bed with white sheets and protective railing in a small room.
a boy in brown t-shirt is holding tennis racket.
Young boy holding a tennis racket on the tennis court with a man.
Woman in the pink jacket.
A woman in a red jacket.
A woman in a zebra style shirt looks at a food stand.
Middle aged woman standing at a fruit market.
A LADY WALKING BACK OF THE UMBRELLA HOLDING LADY.
A woman wearing a red shirt under a purple umbrella.
A yellow science lab cabinet.
A yellow cabinet with stickers on it.
The half glass of a drink closer to the man on the left side.
Glass sitting closest to an empty white plate.
Black suitcase being pulled by man's arm and a rolling suitcase with handle extended.
The luggage with the long handle.
A man in a brown shirt who is wearing glasses and is sitting down.
MAN IN GLASSES RESTING HIS ARM ON THE TABLE.
A white frisbee with black and red images on it held by a girl.
A white frisbee being held by a lady with a silly hat.
A brown chair sitting at the table on the left side.
the half that has a pickle behind it.
Half of a sandwich directly in front of a pickle.
car behind sign.
the car behind the signal light.
horse that is behind the other horse.
the second horse  from the front.
A person with a gold watching with their hand on a pizza box.
A person in a flowered shirt holding a pizza box.
The pizza closest to the camera, and is mostly yellow.
A pizza in front of two other pizzas.
A MAN PLAYING SNOW SKATING.
A man covered in flying snow.
A cup with wavy lines on it.
The white jug with the green and blue wavy lines.
The fire hydrant with the cap off.
water pipe on the far left of the others.
Black woman in blue jeans.
A woman wearing a black vest and sun glasses riding a motorcycle.
the biggest cup in the front side.
The wine glass in front of the camera, taking the majority of the shot.
An old white woman playing Wii.
The old woman looking at her wii remote.
A young girl standing next to a young boy and a horse.
A girl raising her hand dressed for riding a horse.
A zebra standing next to the giraffe.
a full zebra.
The orange tram with 2 red circles on the front of it in the station.
train on right.
A black chair with floral designs on it.
A colorful arm chair next to the grey sofa.
Sailboat with a lowered sail, anchored at sunset.
A boat in front of three other boats.
An old lady in a blue shirt.
An old women with blue tshirt.
the middle bed.
The upright chair in the middle of the picture, further from the first one.
Evaair airplane with white and green colors.
green and white eva airplane.
A wooden chair on the left side of a wooden table.
The chair closest to the box of candy.
a light with flowers pink.
The purple orchid on the table next to the couch.
the skis of the person in blue.
The skis worn by a person in a light blue coat.
Red seat in foreground.
a man in a blue shirt.
A man in a blue shirt and striped tie, wearing glasses, who is looking at a computer screen.
A man in dark green stands to the side of a path in the snow.
the skiier in the front wearing a green coat and scarf.
Woman with glasses sitting next to man.
The seated woman with glasses.
the man holding the surf board.
A man wearing plaid shorts and carrying a surfboard.
A man in the right corner with a woman and and man in snow.
The man with his foot on the white line.
A black car with a headlight.
A black car in front of walk.
A tan dog is snuggled up and asleep on a white blanket.
The sleeping dog to the right of another sleeping dog.
A man pushing a dolly.
A man in a blue vest and gray shirt pushing a hand-truck down some stairs.
A man with black glasses sitting in between two other men.
man in glasses looking at the camera.
the sheep with the green spot on its back.
The sheep under the man's machete.
A pastry filled with jelly that is not spilling.
A chair with flowers on it, that has a white and pink pillow occupying it.
A older man with blue jeans and a striped shirt smiling.
the guy on the left in the right hand picture.
A guy visible in out of focus behind the hands operating the mobile.
A MAN IS LOOKING TO THE CAMERA BEHIND A CALCULATER.
The back end of an elephant to the left of another elephant.
The backside of a large grey elephant.
An empty contaier.
A WHITE EMPTY BOX NEAR BY STEEL BOWL IN FULL OF BROCCOLI.
Pitza in front of a man.
The pizza in front of the man.
Little boy sitting on a bed with blue shirt on.
Boy wearing a blue shirt playing video games with another boy.
two woman in a room, one wearing white pants, the other wearing blue jeans.
Woman in tan long sleeve shirt and white pants standing with woman in pink shirt and blue geans.
Silver refrigerator that is not open.
The closed stainless steel refrigerator in the image on the left.
A man sitting on a blue chair with a white shirt.
A guy in a white shirt sitting in a blue chair.
An Easyjet passenger plane parked on a runway.
A plane with red colour tail is standing on airport with easyjet.com written on it.
the front quarter slice of pizza.
closest corner piece.
A man pouring wine in a white shirt.
man with glasses pouring a bottle of wine.
a white bowl with a silver spoon in a brown soup like substance.
Chili soup on top of a silver plate.
left side of a brown slatted table.
The left side of a wooden table with food on it.
A tall suitcase behind a dog.
brown suitcase directly behind the dog.
A wooden table with a bowl on it.
light colored wooden table top under cut fruit and vegetables in a chrome bowl.
A balding man with glasses talking to other men.
A man wearing glasses and a blue shirt.
tall fridge with the letter A.
A white refridgerator.
Table with a bowl of chips and lunch meats as well as plates on it.
Table with large chip bowl on it.
A man is having bat in his hand.
batter.
a large red double decker bus with the words The Red Bus painted on it. It has windows all along the top and bottom decks.
Entire object labeled The Red Bus.
A giraffe walking next to a wooden fence and tall pole, in the background behind another giraffe.
the giraffe on the left in the right hand picture.
A giraffe looking up at the tree.
A giraffe reaching to the branch in the tree.
woman in striped shirt looking at cell phone.
A woman in a blue striped shirt holding a phone.
a chair that is behind a dog's tail.
The chair behind the dog.
The man with the white shorts has the Frisbee.
man grasping frisbee.
Glass with peppers on it.
A white tour bus with the word Alaska on its side.
A white colored bus with 'Alaska' written over it.
A tan collared chair with a red pillow on it.
The white chair with burgundy colored pillows on it.
A BLACK COAT WEARING WOMAN WITH BAG WAITING FOR BUS.
A woman wearing tight blue jeans and a black jacket with black hair that is highlighted orange on the tips, holding a purse over her shoulder.
This cake has no writing.
A dessert sprinkled with powdered sugar and garnished with two fresh strawberries.
a green SUV.
green suv behind the white horse.
A man on the right end of the table is putting spoon in the food.
The biggest spoon showing the back of the spoon.
A small child who is riding a horse.
a toddler sitting in a saddle on a brown horse.
A long slice of bread.
Piece of plain baguette.
Monitor closest to the blue cap.
3rd monitor in row of 3 monitors.
Pile of bananas positioned roughly in the center of a photo.
large bunch of green bananas on concrete shelf.
A woman seated at a table with two men.
A woman wearing a yellow jacket.
the fork on the far right by the woman in pink in the right hand picture.
Silver fork closest to woman serving food.
The larger bird in the front facing left.
The taller bird has his leg up in the air.
The double decker bus behind the 9 bus.
a catcher.
The man wearing the facemask and the baseball glove.
A gray-haired man in a white shirt stands in an office looking down at the table that has pizzas on it.
A man standing in front of a pizza box looking at pizza.
The vase the flowers are in.
the vase for the white flowers.
An empty table with seven chairs.
A table partially cover with a red cloth, a white plate, and other various items.
A GIRL SHOWING HER LAPTOP.
Blonde haired lady in blue button up coat with her hands on computer.
A woman in a pink shirt holding a teddy bear.
The woman on the left.
the woman in the middle sitting on the couch.
woman in middle.
A little boy in uniform eating.
An asian boy with his mouth open.
Top bunk.
A top bunk, bunk bed.
BOY WITH YELLOW HELMET.
The young skateboarder in red.
The woman with the longer hair sitting underneath the umbrella.
A white woman in black sitting on a red chair near another woman outside.
tallest giraffe.
Giraffe whose tail cannot be seen.
A white handled purse.
the man in blue.
man in blue plaid shirt sitting.
a dining table in a hotel with a man wearing blue innerwear and women wearing a green dress with a child.
Gray cat.
A cat that is darker in color than the other cat.
An unmade bed.
A a bed with a white sheet in front of a window.
the scooter belonging to the man in the black shirt with white stripes.
vase with two black,red and gold birds on front.
The catcher on the left.
A catcher sits on the ground, mitt outstretched and waiting for the ball.
Wooden stand behind baby.
calf in middle of two cows.
middle cow.
3 teddy bears sitting on a bed.
group of three teddy bears sitting.
a colourful pizza placed on a wooded plate & ready to cook.
The pizza the man is making closest to the camera.
Boy with arm on cushion.
man holds video controller while sitting on a couch next to woman.
Black and white puppy struggles to reach the food.
black/white puppy.
A moped in between two other mopeds.
The carrot directly above the bell pepper.
Brownish orange carrot next to yellow and green peppers and other fruits and veggies.
Bananas and kabobs on a piece of foil.
Cooked fruits and veggies on aluminum foil.
Bare legs of a lady seen beside another lady wearing jeans.
Both of the bare legs and the feet on the left.
The grey remote.
A grey remote control under a black remote control.
Player with glove standing upright.
A player ready to catch the ball.
a black muv parked in between bike and another car.
A passenger jeep, parked to the right of two motorcycles.
the seat the cat is sitting in.
a blue car chair with a cat in it.
A cute brown dog getting carried inside a brown shoulder purse.
a little brown furry dog in a brown purse held by a woman in a blue shirt.
woman with fuzzy ginger hair holding a scarf between her teeth.
A red-headed woman in a purple outfit.
A green and white bus that is behind a blue and white bus.
A green and white bus.
A woman in a blue shirt.
A woman laying in bed with her child.
A white van is parked behind a man in a green suit.
a white van next to the man walking wearing green and yellow.
A shirtless man on a surf board.
surfer with no shirt.
A man wearing a grey t-shirt and sunglasses.
A soldier in a gray shirt and black sunglasses standing in a food line across from three other soldiers.
man in purple.
A man with a red shirt and black shorts and a hat is reaching down to pick up a white frisbee next to two women in green shirts.
A partially peeled banana next to another banana with a bird on it.
open banana in front.
three air Canada flights parked on the runway.
White Air Canada plane.
The baseball player in the blue jersey.
the batter.
An elephant in a late pointing his trunk straight up as he spends time with another elephant.
elephant in the right side.
red and yellow coloured bike.
Red, yellow and chrome fixtures on the front of a motor bike.
Man in striped shirt.
A man in a striped shirt standing in the water looking at an elephant.
A black jerkin on chair.
Back jacket around the back of a wooden chair at the table.
Man in a black suit showing a picture from his cell phone to a friend.
A bald man with a black suit.
A orange kept above the onion and other orange.
A lemon on the top of the pile, with another lemon and an onion under it.
A bear sitting on grass.
big brown bear sits next to a tree trunk in a field.
A man is eating sandwich by sitting along with other members.
The man with the grey shirt.
A man with blue overalls and a black cap on his head.
man on left side walking.
The left arm rest of the chair the cat is sleeping on.
A BLACK COLOR HANDLE OF THE CHAIR.
the right half of a sandwich.
wrapped other half of sandwich.
A man is checking his phone.
A man in a red shirt looking at his cell phone.
THE CATCHER.
The catcher.
A young boy with curly hair looking over his shoulder.
A little boy in green stands near a man.
all brocolli but the bottom one.
A empty sitting bench.
an wood and iron bench on the left.
A piece of pizza closest to the camera.
Horse in harness being tended too by man.
horse with a man tending to it.
a man wearing a pez tshirt holding a plastic cup.
A man with long hair in a yellow shirt that says Pez.
A YOUNG LADY WITH BEAUTIFUL SMILE.
A young woman sitting on a sofa with blond hair.
Closest zebra to us in the foreground.
A curious to zebra watching the camera.
The zebra closest to the left side of the picture.
A zebra standing in a field near trees and hills.
the lady taking a photo of the child.
a woman on a train platform.
A wood table with food on it.
Tennis players in white hugging.
A man in a baseball cap hugging another man.
blonde haired girl with right arm up.
Woman with arm up in the air.
A young girl sitting on a blue comforter.
Young child on the right whose undies are visible.
A man wearing red color tshirt pouring wine in glass.
A man behind the counter pouring a drink into a glass.
A woman wearing a green shirt playing video games in a room with a man.
a young girl plays wii.
A man with an orange stripe on his shirt.
A man wearing a grey shirt with an orange stripe.
A aeroplane is in the second place flying in the sky.
second plane from left.
a man in a white button down shirt pouring champagne.
a man filling the cup with drink.
Laptop with screen showing.
laptop on left.
A man on the back of a motorcycle holding onto another man that appears happy.
A man riding on the back of a motorcycle.
A banana with a Chiquita sticker to the left of two other bananas.
banana on left.
A man in a yellow shirt running next to a soccer ball.
A football players wearing a yellow jersey and dark blue shorts.
man laying down with headphones and glasses.
Man lying down with earphones on and glasses.
Empty tan table with large round ashtray in background.
The man bent over looking at the motorcycle.
A person crouching down.
A batter who has just swung.
A baseball player taking a swing at a pitch.
A man in a light shirt looks at items at a cafe.
A man who is standing to the right of the woman who is using her phone.
the metro train windows.
The train on the right.
A slice of pepperoni pizza sits on a paper plate.
pepperoni pizza on a white carton plate on the top left next to two other pizzas on white carton plates.
The goose furthest from the camera.
A goose behind two other geese.
a brown chair in the background.
a sofa which is brown in color.
woman in pink playing Wii.
the woman in the light pink standing up.
A man looking at woman who is getting down from jet.
man in front of an airplane.
Woman in white shirt and black pants preparing a table.
A female in a white work shirt performs duties in an indoor setting.
A table with four chairs.
A table with a vase on it and a backless chair in front.
A baby zebra in the field of grass.
Younger zebra.
A woman wearing a blue dress at a kitchen island.
a woman in a blue dress standing at a kitchen island.
mostly white cow looking down.
A mostly white, but black spotted cow.
woman playing tennis.
A woman playing tennis.
A large fern tree sits behind the container with the blue top.
A plant in a office.
A white horse next to a pole.
A pale horse stands inside a concrete structure.
A striped colored arm chair sitting on a hardwood floor.
A striped chair closest to the fireplace.
dining chair that is closest to window.
Two slices of pizza sit on a silver platter.
Two slices of oregano covered pepperoni pizza sit on a serving plat with a spatula on it.
A football player in a green helment handing off the ball to another player.
Player with the ball in the hand and wearing 9 jercy.
A white bear with 2009 on it's paw.
The Teddy Bear came from Harrod's in 2009.
White couch facing windows.
White train with blue stripe.
A mass transit train with a pointed front.
a woman peeling an onion.
a woman with a grey hoodie and black shirt peeling an egg.
A woman holding a wine glass.
a women drinking the drinks.
a yellow surfboard in use.
A yellow surfboard being ridden by a man.
The white chair on the far left side of the table.
The chair that is closest to the door.
A man in a blue suit and glasses talking to another man and woman.
A bald man.
The front wheel of a bike in the lower left corner.
A wooden chair.
Chair which cat is on.
chair leg on far right of photo.
A yellow road emergency truck.
The yellow emergency truck.
A wine glass that someone is holding in their right hand.
a glass being held by a woman.
black color shirt of the lady in the right side of the image.
Three Giraffes standing around a feeding container.
The tallest giraffe on the right side.
A white keyboard.
A white keyboard.
horse on left side.
horse being tended by man.
the entire table including all of the stuff on top of it.
a table with three pizzas on it.
A dark brown horse in the field.
A dark brown horse with a black saddle.
A boy wearing a shirt with a record player on it is smiling while him and his friends play frizbee.
a young boy in a gray tshirt standing behind another boy.
Striped chair with pink pillow on it.
A striped sofa chair with pink cushion which is a part of full sofa set and a table in a sitting room.
A red surfboard.
A red surfboard on the beach in front of a white surfboard.
Horse ridden by polo player number 1 has teeth bared.
A brown horse on the left side of the white horse.
A yellow dish with different types of food behind another one thats the same.
Yellow bowl of broccoli, and other food items beside a bowl of rice in a yellow bowl.
The sofa behind the coffee table.
A white couch.
A wireless computer for a laptop.
A black keyboard in front of a laptop.
The pizza in front of all the other pizzas.
two pizzas closest to camera.
person on far left.
A man in glasses wearing a beanie hat.
A young brunette woman hugging a red haired woman.
A woman in a coat trimmed with fur.
some pieces of pizza crust next to the crust of an uneaten portion of pizza on a white plate.
a bald man.
A father and son reading a book together.
A statue of a girl between two other statues of children.
The young girl statue in the middle of the other two.
A man with a bow tie holding baby sheep.
Man with the bow tie.
A white cup with red flower printed placed near the donuts.
A ceramic coffee much with blue lines on bottom and a red flower on the side.
a grey shirt on a wooden table.
gray cloth.
Tennis player preparing to take a swing on the right side.
person in white in second box.
man looking at train.
closest guy in blue.
The car behind the horse.
The silver car behind the white horse.
A boy wearing a red shirt.
A kid with tiger painted face laying on the bed.
person with blue, gray, and black coat.
The man wearing a blue and grey jacket.
a horse pulling the carriage on the right.
The horse pulling the carriage on the right.
A bowl sitting in front of a peach colored coffee cup.
food in a plate.
A man hand is visible behind the empty glass.
A hand that is place on a table that has drinks and pizza on it.
Grey necktie around woman's neck.
silver tie.
An unwrapped plate of fruit.
A bowl containing a banana, orange, and pear with the cerame wrap pulled off.
A boy in a blue uniform is watching the soccer players go for the ball.
A young boy in a blue shirt and goalie gloves playing soccer.
A green and yellow boat on a beach.
There is a yellow green and red boat.
A boy in green shirt with left hand up.
green shirt.
A bench on a pier with a couple sitting on it.
A bench with people sitting on it.
a yellow H2 vehicle.
A yellow SUV on a city street.
girl in green sweater with baby horse.
girl in green sweater.
A suitcase that is the largest suitcase in a set of three.
A large brown suitcase next to two smaller ones.
Smiling brunette woman holding a wine glass and wearing a black and white top.
A lady in a black and white shirt with flowers on it to the left of two other ladies.
The man on the right not wearing glasses.
A man without glasses playing the Wii.
A blue Odwalla truck.
The blue truck behind the sign.
A girl with blonde hair in an orange leigh.
A girl with an orange lei stands next to an elephant.
The man on the left.
The elbow of a man in a brown long-sleeve shirt is on the table.
All five of the suitcases that show in the photo.
The smaller of the two sheep.
the smaller animal closest to the camera.
Lamb between a sheep and another lamb.
The lamb in the middle.
A curled up piece of cinnamon cooked apple sits atop a bowl of other apple slices.
Slices of apple on top of the others.
The horse on the left.
A horse with it's head out of the picture.
two giraffes.
couch to right out of sight.
the couch with the plant next to it.
a skier wearing black and blue.
Man in blue jackte and black snow pants holding ski poles and standing on a snow board.
A man wearing a old navy jacket on a laptop.
a man wearing a grey sweater jacket using a black laptop.
A white horse behind another.
The horse in the back.
The red double decker bus.
doublebus.
bowl of food in table.
A plate of sliced oranges.
A plate of orange slices.
An washbasin that contains two taps.
white wash basin.
A skateboarder in a teal shirt with the number 57 on his bib.
A SCATTING MAN ON THE ROAD.
an older woman sitting in a chair.
A woman is sitting in a chair.
Two giraffes standing by each other.
Two giraffes with crossed necks.
A man looking up at bananas with his arms down.
The young boy.
The baby with the toothbrush in his mouth.
The red plane.
Orange airplane from TransNorthern.
A man using his phone dressed in black and wearing a tie.
The man in black pants and shirt.
The traffic signal says go.
The green traffic light.
the glass of soda on the right.
a full coke.
the elephant on the right side of the photo.
The elephant on the right.
A man skiing away from the photographer.
skiier with poles horizontal.
person in black shirt taking a picture.
A woman holding a black camera.
A building and train on the rightmost track.
Train going into the shelter.
A boy in green playing WIi.
A BOY PLAYING GAME.
the vase on the left in the right hand picture.
A large blurry vase in the background.
A lady pouring wine in a glass.
woman pouring wine from a bottle.
the all blue backpack that the man with a dark green textured hoodie is wearing.
A green car with yellow stripes.
A green taxi with yellow stripes.
a woman with long hair and a pink shirt is talking to a man behind a counter.
Woman standing in front of the counter wearing a purple shirt with a black purse.
The elephant closest to the camera.
first of three elephants.
An all black cat is laying in the suitcase.
A black cat laying atop some clothes in a suitcase.
A man standing on one leg using remote control.
A man in a blue color jacket.
a woman in a black bikini relaxing.
A lady wearing a black bikini.
A brown-haired man who is to the right of another man.
man on right.
A giraffe looking right.
giraffe facing the right.
The man.
A male in all black with black hair and sideburns.
Elderly woman in the red jacket with the hood pulled up over her head.
The woman in a red raincoat that does not have an umbrella.
Center person in the group.
the older dark skinned lady.
the computer in the middle of of the other two computers.
A small silver laptop sits among many other pieces of technology.
A gray dog is running in the field looking up.
a dog watching another dog catch a frisbee.
wooden table with chairs.
A pale wooden dinner table with paper napkins and one dish sitting on top.
A woman in white sits down the soup onto the down.
A person in a white shirt preparing food.
A blue chair in a room.
Upholstered chair with arms and four buttons on back cushion in light blue printed fabric.
A white table with salt and pepper shakers and a napkin holder sitting on top.
the table on teh right.
The home plate umpire.
A umpire wearing a black dress standing position in a baseball match.
A man in rain gear with a hood covering head.
The man in the sweater with his hood up.
The back of the bench the man is sitting on.
A GIRL WEARING WHITE T-SHIRT WHO IS KICKING THE FOOT BALL.
A girl, who is not wearing a headband, and is attempting to kick the soccer ball.
A woman wearing a blue dress taking a photograph.
Entire woman standing up in the blue dress.
A silver boal.
The bowl that the wooden spoon is in.
The large bear is with her cubs.
larger of two black bears.
A boat with passengers in a lake.
A green boat with the registration LV18814.
teady bear on the right.
teddy bear in package with beach ball.
White closed toilet bowl.
A toilet with its lid closed.
MAN LOOKING THROUGH BINOCULARS.
The man is taking pictures.
Tree trunk and the front and rear of the brown and white cow behind the big one.
cow standing close to tree.
a woman stands holding paper.
a woman in a black shirt.
A kid wearing black pants with one foot on a skateboard.
a man with black pants standing on skateboard.
A young Asian woman sits at a table beside another, both in robes.
A woman talking on a cell phone.
A white old fashioned style river boat with decorative yellow edging.
A yellow and white ferry at the boat dock.
An elephant is standing in-front of another elephant.
An elephant with 3 feet on the ground and one foot up.
Orange handle scissor on a gray chair.
A grey chair with scissors on it and a pile of debris under it.
The lady on the left with the blue sweater and no head.
A man in a jacket standing in front of a group of people sitting down.
A delfated, gray ball that the dog is playing with.
An old chewed up basketball for a pitbull.
The chair with the towel on it.
an empty chair sitting on the beach with a beach towel thrown over it.
TRAFFIC SIGNAL.
Traffic signal.
A lady and a man looking at the mobile phone and talking.
A woman in a red outfit.
A table with green cups on it.
table with green paper cups.
An orange umbrella.
A big orange umbrella over a fruit stand.
The giraffe that's not facing the tree.
giraffe furthest from tree.
A zebra with its head up while others graze.
A zebra with its head lifted.
A piece of sandwich or burger next to the green chilli.
A tinfoil wrapped roastbeef sandwhich on a plate.
The tallest giraffe.
giraffe standing in the back.
Presenter's laptop.
Gray laptop showing TED presentation.
A middle aged man with a mustache wearing a plaid shirt plays with a video game controller.
A man in a plaid blue shirt playing Wii on a couch with another man in a brown shirt.
a roast beef sandwich on a white plate.
A half of sandwich that isn't being touched.
a pizza in a plate  on the table with a knife and fork on it.
dinner table with a white table cloth and personal pizza on top.
The woman in a purple jacket poses for the camera.
A Woman in a deeper purple, who is wearing a Ski lift tag She has darker brown hair and is on the right of the picture.
A WOMAN IN A WHITE TANKTOP WITH OTHERS SITTING AT A TABLE BY THE WATER.
A brunette wearing a white tank is at the table.
A half cut party cake on the table.
A cake.
A bottle with green colored cap placed right side of another bottle of bluish cap.
a bottle to the far right.
shortstop.
A baseball fielder in a dark shirt.
red bag.
A red bag on the back of a man on a bike.
a white sink.
white sink with three faucets and one soup dispenser.
A woman sitting on a motorcycle holding a child.
A woman sitting with baby on her leg.
brown stuffed dog toy.
Stuffed brown puppy on handmade blue, white and yellow washcloth, with a chocolate cupcake.
Motorcycle  SSU 394.
The light brown color bike with number SSU394.
A blonde wearing Green.
Woman sits side ways in a lounge chair.
A dog with gear strapped to him.
Dog with an attached bag standing before three people carrying camping equipment.
the elephant in the back.
Elephant that is farther away.
A black trailer with a red white and bed sticker on it.
a green coloured container on the road.
A man sitting next to a child in bed.
A boy with a black Jacket on the side.
A vehicle with wood paneling.
Old Buick station wagon showing the fake wood paneling and white paint and white sidewall tires.
a person in a black sweatshirt.
A person in black on a court.
A pizza with pepperoni and jalapeno slices.
A pizza with jalapenos.
Wooden table surface.
the part of the table in the bottom left.
A yellow taxi cab follows behind a bus.
A yellow taxi with a bike rack attached to the bumper.
This is the front silver train car.
The silver, front car of a commuter train, with blue siding.
the man in the white shirt.
A MAN WHO WEAR WHITE TEA SHIRT IS LOOKING ANXIUOS.
A zebra standing near shade flicking its tail.
a man wearing a red shirt.
A guy balancing a frisbee on his finger.
A purple and orange section of a bench.
an orange and pink empty seats.
the hand holding the phone.
A hand holding a cell phone.
a wine glass to the back right of another glass.
glass on right closet to person.
A medium sized, light brown teddy bear on the side walk next to a tree, and another stuffed animal.
A golden teddy bear lying on the street.
The pizza closest to the camera.
A thin crust pizza with pepperoni.
a girl wearing white frock with a toy in her hand.
girl with blonde hair and white dress.
Person in blue pants grabbing donut.
Hands belonging to someone in jeans who is holding a donut with blue sprinkles.
A man with a baseball cap and a navy blue polo over a gray long sleeved shirt.
Guy in a baseball cap and a blach T-shirt is talking to another guy.
A dark green messenger bag on a man's shoulder.
The bag on the right shoulder of the man in the white shirt.
Skis being held by man in background.
Green bicycle being ridden by blonde girl.
A man in a t-shirt with faces on it.
A man in a white t-shirt holding a glass of juice.
Front view of a coach a man is loading the lucagage in it.
A white city bus with a smiley face and the words tong shin on its front.
The dog that is behind the closest dog.
The puppy in the background.
the table cloth that is draped over the edge of the table in front of the cake. It had paw-prints on it and blue/green/orange stripes.
table cloth in the front.
rear end of a sheep next to other sheep.
bread sandwich in plate.
a hoagie sandwich that has been cut in three.
The woman wearing a white ski jacket.
A woman in skis in the snow.
A black car with tinted windows parked in traffic with a cougar logo on the back.
Rear of vehicle with red break lights illuminated, silver lion and Astra logo on rear, no license plate visible.
Woman with a striped shirt sitting.
A woman wearing a yellow top with grey stripes and jeans sitting on a stool.
grey teddy bear with a patch.
the teddy bear.
a zebra leading the other zebras away.
The zebra standing up to the right of two other zebras.
A skateboarder doing a trick near the side of the road.
A MAN WAS SKATING THE PLATFORM.
A woman in a red shirt.
A women with long hair and a marron shirt.
Mini couch.
A woman in a red jacket is standing on skis in the snow.
A woman in orange skiing.
equipment bag behind fencing.
a blue jacket behind a chain link fence.
The black tennis racket in the back.
Tennis racket far from the camera.
Lamb on right of two other animals.
The woman in blue not wearing glasses.
A woman in a turquoise shirt.
a bull in the very front.
A group of African wildebeasts.
Long table with wooden planks.
A very long picnic table with plates on it and a camera sitting on the table.
a baseball player wearing a blue jersey and white pants.
man in blue shirt, standing with bat.
A MAN IS STANDING IN FRONT OF TWO GIRAFFE.
A man in a blue shirt standing next to giraffes.
The orange touching the red apple.
the far right orange.
Giraffe reaching up to eat leaves.
a giraffe stretching its neck out.
woman holding umbrella.
the skirt of the lady who is walking on the street.
A black chair to the right of a red one.
A dark brown wood chair.
A woman with grey hair and glasses, wearing a striped scarf and looking at a cell phone.
The woman wearing a purple shirt is holding a cell phone.
a small giraffe.
a young giraffe walking with other giraffes.
The blad man.
The man in a grey shirt.
A cat looking straight.
Cat near the bed is watching for the Master.
A boat with metal traps on it.
A small fishing boat being paddled by a person in a plaid shirt.
the zebra that is directly behind the zebra out front.
zebra in the middle of the image.
A tall chair behind the child at a restaurant, not touching the wall.
a woman in a white dress holding a knife.
A young newlywed couple holding a knife cutting a cake.
a coach of baseball players looking a players.
An umpire behind the catcher.
a glass jar.
A vase which is white in colour.
a man with shorts riding a cycle.
Man in black shorts on tiny bicycle on the beach.
A woman in a blue jacket and khaki pants.
A woman attending to a large grey elepahnt.
Man in blue shirt with hands on white surfboard standing in the ocean.
A man in a blue swimshirt.
A girl cutting a cake with a sword near some men.
A lady holding the sword.
A dinning table chair not pulled out of the dinning table.
Tan chair at the table with people and foods on the wooden table.
The seagull that has it's wings bent.
A white bird on the water.
A man in a black suit holding his arms out wide.
a boy was explaining.
A skier with the number 377 on their chest.
A person downhill skiing wearing a vest that says 377 on it and a blue jacket.
A man in chef's clothing preparing square plates of desserts.
A chef holding a small object in his fingers.
A blue car parked next to a black lamp post.
A blue, parallel-parked hatchback.
A dark horse to the right of another.
grand horse is walking.
A dessert with raspberry mousse, pink icing and a raspberry on top.
A DANISH COOKIE WITH FROSTING AND A RASPBERRY ON TOP.
A vase of plants.
a tree pot on the self.
A Frisbee being held by a baby.
a white Frisbee with the # 24 on it.
A tall man fixing another man's tie.
A man with a shaved head and white jacket on helps another man with his tie.
The person who is reaching for the counter top.
The checkered arm of the person on the left whose face is not visible.
A young boy in a red tshirt eats a hot dog on a bun.
a boy in red t-shirt.
Big black skateboard with words written on it.
A very large skateboard being used as a sign.
Police officer standing beside his bicycle.
The policeman next to the motorcycle.
A Brown Horse straight in front of a dog.
A horse being ridden by a man in a yellow shirt.
the boy wearing blue t-shirt.
A boy in a blue shirt looking at the birthday cake.
The half eaten pizza has mushrooms, cilantro and mozzarella.
Half a pizza with greens on it.
bed that you can see the whole mattress.
The bed that has three buttons on the comforter.
bed closest to window.
A hotel bed with crisp white sheets and a turned down corner on the left topside.
White cow's head and neck.
A WHITE COW NEAR BY THE DOG.
A boy getting his hair combed by an older man.
A young boy in a red sweater vest and white shirt.
An electric brush with indentations on the back of the head.
A white brush with 3 holes in the back.
the man about to catch a frisbee.
a man falling the ground.
plate of food behind the front plate.
a pizza in the background of another pizza.
A giraffe is sitting down in a zoo.
A giraffe laying in the grass.
A small elephant with it's back facing the camera.
An elephant that is walking away from the camera.
A young boy in a red and gray striped sweater.
A child having a krispy kreme drink and donut.
A lady with white sleeveless top.
a woman with white top on right.
A chair against a window.
The comfortable looking green chair in the living room.
A man in a white t-shirt skateboards on the street with others.
A blurry skateboarder in a white shirt and jeans.
Two giraffes standing at a watering hole, one drinking and one with its head raised.
Giraffe looking up standing in front of giraffe that is drinking water.
The fork that is sitting on the plate.
A silver fork resting on the plate.
A person wearing green and holding bananas.
A lady holding bananas.
Red London Bridge Bus number 521.
red bus 521.
A man standing next to a woman on a bike under an umbrella.
A man standing beside a woman on a bike.
woman standing with legs spread on the beach.
small tomato section on tray.
a blue tub of red tomatoes.
The man whose face is not visible with only one strap of his suspenders showing.
man sitting on bench.
A tan couch with two solid pillows and two with stripes  in front of the coffee table.
A colored sofa with dark and lighter colored pillows.
A man in no shirt brushing his teeth.
The man who is looking at his reflection.
The empty chair.
An empty chair with a round top.
A glass of orange liquid behind a plate of food.
glass of orange juice.
A man wearing gloves on cross country skis.
A man with a dark tie around his neck.
A woman with brown hair and a blue shirt playing wii.
woman wearing a blue top and holding a wii controller.
A light blue toothbrush.
A blue toothbrush that is in a glass.
a persons hand holding a cellphone.
a woman's hand holding a phone and wearing a pearl bracelet.
The partially obscured Zebra.
the second zebra from the front.
CHAIR.
The empty chair bewteen the two children.
carrots boiling in a pot.
The sticks in the  pan that is on the oven.
THE BUS IN WHICH "NORTHERN " IS WRITTEN.
A bus which is near the footpath.
A sheep with a dark brown head.
A goat with a solid brown head.
The black laptop that the woman is holding.
the black laptop.
zebra eating grass and focusing frond and in the right side of the image.
striped zebra grazing grass on second from right.
A pair of red skiis that a man in jeans is using.
A hotdog to the right of another hotdog.
A sausage to the right of another, identical sausage.
Lime that isn't fully ripe yet.
The smaller girl holding onto the fence looking at the cow.
A small kid standing left side to another kid, watching a cow through the fence.
Pink flowery package with no letters on it.
A bag with pink roses on top of another bag with pink roses.
An elephant that is walking ahead of two other elephants.
A grey elephant with it's ears fully extended and both tusks visible.
a air one airplane is ready to fly.
An airplane with Air One painted on the side.
the knife next to the cake cutter.
Grey lifted truk with red and white signal signs on the tailgate.
blue pickup truck.
Small child wearing pink.
baby using a toothbrush.
The person in the white shirt on the right.
the person sitting with the shorts in the right hand picture.
Red leather couch with green plaid blanket over armrest.
a brown leather sofa with a green cloth on the arm.
Man in white and blue uniform kicking a red and white soccer ball behind the man in a blue uniform.
A soccer player with the number 11 jersey.
The upper bird on the twig/next sitting next to his mate.
The bird facing the right above the other bird.
The PA keyboard on the right, in front.
white keyboard.
a brown couch the family is sitting on.
couch under family.
A smiling man in a uniform standing behind a wedding cake.
A man standing beside a lady and infront of a cake.
A glass of orange juice.
A glass of orange juice.
A man about to throw a frisbee.
A man in a blue button down shirt by a lake preparing to throw a teal flying disc to a man far away from him.
The woman who is out of focus is walking away from the girl holding a stuffed animal.
The woman walking away is a blur.
A man with his arms outstretched.
The arms held open wide.
man.
A man in a sleeveless yellow shirt who is about to fly a kite.
A piece of food with a tomato slice to the right of a similar piece of food.
one food with tomato on top closest to the outside of the plate.
A man taking a selfie in the mirror.
a man taking a selfie.
A green bottled partially covered in plastic.
A front green bottle.
The boat with the cover over it.
A covered boat on land.
An old computer monitor displaying an Internet Explorer page.
An old computer monitor.
Traffic light with red arrow pointing left.
A picture of a traffic light with a red arrow pointing left lit up.
The left most person.
Little boy with yellow shirt with blue and red writing.
A person in jeans sitting on a green chair next to a lady with a laptop on a pink bean bag chair.
A PERSON SITTING ON A LIGHT YELLOW COLOR COUCH.
Chocolate and cream cake.
The left half of the cake, including the white filling.
Black pants.
A person in black pants.
The giraffe with its head behind the rear of another giraffe.
A giraffe to the right of two other giraffes.
bowtie with black and white criss cross pattern.
A black and white zig-zag patterned bow tie.
A dark red four-door car.
a red car parked under a series of signs with a woman standing to the right.
a guy riding a very old motorcycle.
A man riding a motorcycle .
An uncooked rectangular pizza with pineapple and ham.
A pan pizza that has a white bowl placed at the end of it.
Lawers out of court.
man with glasses.
a man  in a black snow suit walking on snow.
A skier in black holding their skis.
A lady going to start skewing seems very happy, wearing check winter hat.
A lady bending and  sketing in the ice.
A blue glass next to a plae of asparagus.
An empty glass placed near wine glass.
A blue striped tie on a man flying up in the air.
a blue tie being worn by a man.
pizza with slice missing.
A specialty pizza with one slice taken from it sitting on a white plate.
White base of the signal.
white airplane.
Windows on a white airplane.
A black and white cat fur doll is in bed near the pink towel.
A black and white stuffed animal is on a bed.
left side signal.
The table at which people are eating.
Brown table.
Top light-brown donut in box.
The donut on the top left.
A MAN WAS WEARING THE BLACK COLOR DRESS HOLDING THE CAMERA.
a guy holding a camera.
A car outside to the right of the red box.
Car parked outside the window.
The middle screen monitor.
The white Apple Mac monitor.
barstool to the far left.
Chair closests to the oven.
A hand holding a piece of food that is being fed to a baby.
An adult feeds a hungry baby.
The brown horse with white hooves is next to the horse outside.
Two horses on a plot of dirt.
A skier wearing green pants and blue jacket.
The skier wearing green pants and a blue shirt.
A man in a green plaid shirt.
man wearing sunglasses sitting at table.
person far left side standing striped shirt.
The bacj of somone dressed in shorts, a t-shirt, and vest standing behind a man working on his laptop.
a man wearing white shorts and a white tank top holding a tennis racket.
A man practing a speech.
A large elephant in the corner.
medium sized elephant.
A player in ground partially shown.
portion of soccer player in the very far left of the photo.
A bowl of soup.
A bowl of food containing rice and vegetables.
A man wearing black jeans dancing.
A man is playing a virtual bowling video game in a living room.
A MAN HOLDING BASEBALL BAT ON HIS HAND.
A baseball player holding onto a baseball bat.
A giraffe facing forward in front of three other giraffes.
a giraffee.
The man in the red with no cap on.
Man hiking with a red pack on his back.
A shirtless man that is wearing grey shorts.
a shirtless man bending over with khaki shorts.
A small girl brushing her teeth.
Small girl in pink dress brushing her teeth next to a small boy.
wheel of bicycle next to cat.
The seat on the vehicle has a blue shiny seat on the back.
A red and white bus with the number 464, by the curb.
A red and white bus.
desktop monitor in the left hand side.
The monitor directly behind the cat.
A person in a red shirt and black  shorts with white and black shoes running away.
The bottom half of a person in a red shirt.
THERE IS ONE PERSON WEARING BLACK DRESS IS JUMPING ABOVE THE DUST PIN.
A young man performing a skateboard trick.
the upside-down magazine that says work.
A sheep between two other sheep, who is staring to the left.
A ram with a full coat standing between two other rams.
A pizza with black olives, pepperoni and red peppers.
A red vase with two blue ceramic birds sitting on a stick on it.
A red bottle shape flower vase in the left side of the picture with blue bird picture in it.
The baby giraffe.
A baby giraffe.
A giraffe standing next to the fence.
Giraffe standing on the left side next to the wooden retaining wall.
An orange motorcycle is sitting in the street.
Motorbike.
A dark red couch with black throw pillows.
A brown couch with two black pillows on top of it.
Neck of a giraffe standing in the foreground.
The neck of a giraffe that is in the same cage as a baby giraffe.
a giraffe looking out on the horizon next to a wooden fence.
A giraffe to the left of another giraffe.
A sofa behind an eating boy.
A horse kissing another horse.
A white horse nibbleling another white horses neck while another horse watches.
A white stuffed bear.
a white teddy bear.
the glass dore of shower cabin.
The glass shower door.
The only giraffe standing up.
A giraffe standing up.
Circular kite and it's string.
A parachute which touches the ground.
A tennis player.
Tennis player wearing white shirt and black skirt.
The blue jet that is leading all of them.
the leading airplane in the right hand picture.
A truck front in the background.
the front of the lesser seen truck.
The bananas closest to the hand on top.
left most three banana on the head of the girl.
A boy with red jersey awaiting to hit the baseball.
A person in a red and white uniform holding a bat at home plate.
The giraffe eating from the water jug.
A woman wearing white and holding flowers stands with a man under an umbrella.
A middle aged woman holding flowers.
Table set for an event with white tablecloth and flower centerpiece.
a table covered in a white tablecloth.
A person with a striped sleeve.
the arm of a man wearing a black and white shirt.
hand grabbing the glass.
The hand that is holding the glass of beer.
A hotel bed that is not completely viewable.
The bed on the right.
man in orange shirt between two women.
The man in the orange shirt.
A plate of food sitting in the background.
Plate of food with small dish behind plate containing large sandwich.
the smallest brown bear.
The slice of pizza on the bottom left.
A PIECE OF BROCCOLI FRIED AND PLACED NEAR THE SPOON.
Broccoli next to a spoon.
A red car.
red car visible through small back window of a car.
arm chair with cushions in background.
white couch between man and woman.
the giraffe on the left in the right hand picture.
giraffe in the left side of the image.
A man wearing a yellow shirt.
The boy wearing yellow T-shirt.
The baby elephant that is standing on all four legs.
Elephant in front on right.
A young white male child wearing a grey shirt and black shorts sitting on the floor playing the wii with two other boys.
playing boy.
The jeep whose tail light is lit.
The bottom of an suv driving by.
Motorcycle furthest down the line.
A man in a blue shirt and hat with sunglasses on holding a glove and shaking another mans hand.
A baseball player wearing mirror-finished sunglasses.
A young lady reclines at the end of a couch.
The blonde woman sitting at the end.
This is a woman holding a thing of bananas.
The long-haired woman displaying bananas wearing paisley pants and black top.
A wooden bench with green moss growing on it that is in the left backround.
the bench on the left.
A reflection of a sink on the left side.
The reflection in which the soap box is fully seen.
The man surfing that has orange shorts.
Dirty blonde hair surfer on his surfboard wearing white trunks about to ride a wave with his son.
The yellow urinal to the right of the red urinal.
A yellow urinal next to the red urinal.
A Boston Baseball player wearing one leather glove, kneeling to the left of two other players.
A man kneeling with his hand on the handle of the bat.
A woman with gray hair in a black top with white splotches.
a woman with short white hair, wearing a white and black pattern blouse, smiling into the camera.
Half of an over-ripe banana with a green sticker sitting in a bowl of nuts.
the half banana in the right hand picture.
A person in a red shirt and black pants in mid-stride.
Guy in red in the back.
man with red shirt and white shoes.
A blue easy chair to the left of a matching couch.
The blue chair with the black and white boots next to it.
Woman in grey short holding white remote.
a woman with a controller and a dark grey shirt.
The bowl of carrots.
A small bowl full of seasoned carrots located on the right side.
the zebra on the right side.
zebra on right.
the chair at the bottom right.
The black plastic chair that is farthest away from the kitchen.
A small gray sofa with a smaller seat and an object on top.
Arm chair in a room.
The chair where the woman in a spotted shirt is sitting.
The red chair the woman in blue jeans is sitting in.
A glazed doughnut behind the one being picked up.
the middle donut in the picture.
A woman with curly blonde hair stands talking with her hands.
woman on right with green tshirt says billabong.
A small black suitcase.
A cup hanging on a rack between two other cups.
a cup is on the hook in the middle of other cups.
A skateboarder wearing black pants and a grey shirt.
the boy on the skateboard.
The motorcycle facing the camera in the back.
a black bike.
a man in a black shirt and blue jeans.
The man with the black coat.
The wii remotes being held by everyone except the man with the pink wristband.
Man in white hat and black dress-jacket talking on cell phone.
man talking with mobile.
A man in all black carries a surfboard.
A man in a black wet suite going to surf in the cold weather.
A man wearing a hat and glasses holding something up to his ear.
A man wearing spectacles talking on phone.
A red sofa facing a TV.
A red sofa directly facing the television.
The player in blue.
the batter in the blue shirt.
Man on scooter with 3 spokes on front wheel.
A motor bike in front which is in the centre of the other two bicycles.
the red and black motorcycle.
A red motorcycle sitting on a gravel road.
A bowl that the cat is currently eating out of.
the food bowl that the cat is eating from.
woman in coat standing outside.
A lady wearing a black and white coat, holding a purse.
The small standing giraffe.
baby giraffe standing next to baby giraffe lying in the grass.
A red jacket Man is getting ready to skate on snow.
Skier in red coat.
Woman wearing a green bracelet sitting on her chair.
The woman standing on the other side of the table wearing a ring and a green watch.
The nose of a cow next to another cow's ear.
Cow nose, far left of the picture.
a yellow bag strabbed to a man's chest.
The chest and thigh of guy driving thhe motorcycle, yellow front pack.
A zebra standing behind another zebra.
The zebra whose face you can not see.
A bicycle that a  woman is riding.
the bike the woman is riding.
Part of a women who has a fork up toward her mouth. She is wearing a sleeveless shirt.
A woman with a fork in her hand getting ready to eat.
A boat in the water.
a boat was going in water.
The zebra on the left and facing right. .
zebra facing the right behind another zebra.
Person with their hands clasped at the table.
A person off screen with their hands balled up.
The boy in the blue chair.
A BABY SITTING THE CHAIR AND HOLDING THE KOME.
a young woman stands b a car.
a female in flip flops and shorts in a yellow shirt, standing next to motorcycles.
tennis rackets held by men in orange.
Tennis rackets held by players in orange.
The back of a female tennis player.
A TENNIS PLAYER POSING BACK SIDE IN THE TENNIS COURT.
A man throwing a baseball.
Baseball player in gray and navy blue uniform throwing a ball.
The woman on the far right, wearing all black and sunglasses.
A woman wearing a black coat and sunglasses.
The giraffe in the center of the group of three.
A woman wearing blue shorts holding a surfboard.
A woman wearing blue shorts holding a surfboard.
A girl who is facing away from the cake.
A man to the right of the cake.
An asian man eating a slice of pizza.
a man eating pizza to the left of a man wearing glasses.
brown table holding dishes full of food.
The area between a blue and white plate with a wine glass in between.
sheep on the right.
The animal on the far right.
A blue vase with a tag on it.
The blu vase with the tag visible.
A person in a gray sweater with a multi-colored shoulder bag sitting in a chair.
The gray shirt with the multi colored purse.
A white truck.
A white pickup truck with a trailer attached.
Clear plastic umbrella.
Clear umbrella bent in the wind.
Black suitcase with red strap on the floor.
black suitcase with red strap.
The man on the left with a white short sleeved shirt.
the man looking at his celphone in the white shirt.
the wooden chair on the left.
wooden chair to the left of another one.
a man with blond hair in a white and yellow shirt playing soccer.
A man in a cowboy hat and lavender shirt riding a brown horse.
A cowboy in a purple shirt on a brown horse with a white star on its face.
A girl in a plaid jacket watches a boy with a device in his hands.
Girl looking down at friends phone.
An adult sheep standing up.
a goat eating gross . two small goats sitting nearer.
A young giraffe that is bending over next to its parent.
A giraffe bent over to reach the ground, while standing.
a man white T shirt and drink.
man on left.
the food item on the left side.
A chocolate flavour cake with a choco chip on it.
The donut that is fully visible.
A full donut.
the man facing the camera smiling.
A man in a suit with very short hair leaning against a mirror.
white transit bus number 4.
White bus with bus card on red sign in front driving past a white truck.
A girl with glasses.
A woman wearing glasses shaking hands with another woman.
a man is playing football along with a woman.
A player wearing a shirt with the number 16 on it.
The tangerine between the apples.
orange on top of oranges under the apples.
A red haired boy with glasses and a blue shirt.
A child in a blue shirt and glasses.
A red double-decker bus.
A BEAUTIFUL RED DOUBLE DECKER BUS ON ROAD.
woman with back to you.
A woman walking on the sidewalk past a subway.
A slice of pizza closest to the handle of the cutting board.
A woman with short black hair in the background.
A woman in a red shirt with dark hair.
a lady in a red shirt holding a bear.
the table where the park guy is sitting in the right hand picture.
white table with food.
the man with no shirt.
A man on the beach holding up a kite.
The lady is holding a wii remote laying back on the couch.
A woman holding a Wii remote.
A duck swimming after another duck.
A bird that has a dark top and white bottom following in back of another bird on the water.
Man with clasped fingers on the right of the photo.
A person sitting on a bench with folded hands and a skateboard on the ground to his right.
bananas closest to camera.
bananas on left.
The brown coffee table.
A dark brown wooden table top.
A large pale green train car.
A green train.
A baseball player standing at home plate holding a bat.
Batter.
woman smoking a cigarette crossing the street.
the person in the middle wearing a white hat.
A bowl and fork can be seen beside a plate of oysters and formaggio.
A refree behind the wicket keeper on the baseball ground.
The umpire.
The back end of the chair that the woman is sitting n.
The backing of the couch behind the woman's head who is sitting.
The man in the blue shirt in the middle.
Baseball player in blue jersey.
A pink umbrella.
A zebra lying on its right side behind another zebra.
A black and white zebra laying on the ground behind a second zebra laying on the ground.
A white man sits in a chair and holds his phone up to his ear.
a man seeing.
The woman in the black clothing who is holding a small dog.
A dark haired women holding a puppy while sitting at the table.
The zebra is running out of the bushes.
a zebra leaving a bush.
The chocolate covered yeast donut with nut topping.
The donut with the chocolate and nuts on it.
white dishwasher, under the counter to the right.
door of the dishwasher.
The rear of a black Subaru Legacy with a yelklow license plate.
A black car with a yellow license plate.
The bicycle with a basket on its front.
Front of bicycle with wire basket attached to handlebars.
A GRAY COLOURED COOKING OVEN.
The silver door oven.
An older woman with a vest sitting on a bench next to another older woman.
An old woman with blue shorts.
The seat on the right.
chair bottom right.
Computer keyboard.
a white computer key board.
the front most zebra.
zebra in the front.
The taller giraffe eats from an elevated metal basket.
Tallest giraffe next to baby.
This is a cup with a light brown drink in it.
A cup filled with brown liquid.
The top clock.
There is clock on the wall watched by tourists.
A giraffe standing in front of another giraffe.
The forward most giraffe.
A black keyboard.
A black computer keyboard on a table.
A giraffe with a long neck looking away.
A RED DOTTED TALL GIRAFFE.
The arm that the bird is perched on.
A arm with a parrot on top of it.
A man in a grey shirt and brown pants.
A blonde headed man with an red wrist toy.
a man holding a glass bottle is looking at someone's phone.
A man wearing a black and gray striped shirt.
A male with a cap, white t-shirt, and blue shorts.
man watching.
The legs of a child sitting down.
a pair of legs in plaid shorts.
a soft backpack.
guy on phone's bag in the right hand picture.
A bright teddy bear.
A golden brown teddy bear in between a larger bear and a dog.
The slice of pizza closest to the cup.
Two pizza slices on a white plate beside a white cup containing coffee.
Someone holding a black camera flip phone in their hand with food in the background.
a hand holding a black remote with a screen.
person with red helmet on bike.
the back of a person standing on a bicycle.
A gray weaved rocking chair.
A gray wicker rocking chair.
A parking meter with the letter B on it is seen in front of the shop window.
A picture of a black parking meter with the letter b on it.
the leg.of a woman wearing jeans and a shoe.
a person wearing blue jeans and black shoes.
Woman wearing green apron.
The woman with the pink shirt and green apron that is stuffing the bear.
back legs and tail of adult elephant behind the baby.
tallest elephant in the back side.
A boy in red shirt doing some tricks in a skateboard.
The skateboarder in red.
man eating watermelon in the image.
A lady wearing black pants and coat and cap eating water melon.
A man in a baseball uniform and cap throwing a ball.
the player throw over the ball.
a redhead woman holding a pink umbrella.
Woman with red hair under a pink umbrella smiling at the camera.
black umbrella in graden.
Umbrella covering man laying on ground.
CHAIR.
Vintage looking chair with picture on back at a table.
A man in a black shirt and jeans sitting on a brown couch playing the wii.
a man is smiling while playing WII with a friend while sitting on an ugly yellow couch in a dirty room.
The lighter colored umbrella.
An umbrella held by the lady next to a couple of drinks.
A taller sheep in front of the two smaller sheep.
adult sheep.
A very long submarine sandwich.
A long sub sandwich.
bench of table by part of the wall taht has OVE, on it.
A wooden bench parallel to another bench.
A man in a red sweatshirt, jumping in the air off a skateboard.
A guy in a red shirt and jeans going a trick on a skateboard.
The right half of a long sandwich with banana peppers and green spices on the side.
The stool in the background.
a stool in the kitchen.
A white bird flying above the water.
A CUTE FLYING BIRD.
a person in a green coat on a snowboard in front of another person.
A man with green court claim faster than other one.
a shorter giraffe.
giraffe behind other giraffe.
The man in the blue shirt.
A man wearing blue riding an elephant.
A boy wearing a blue shirt.
child wearing blue shirt sitting on ground.
A piece of bread with raisins.
square blue bowl.
Groom with goatee and white rose on his lapel.
man in wedding cermony.
6 oranges with a small tomato perched on top.
A small tomato in the middle on top of a group on oranges in a basket.
sheep in between two sheep's facing head towards front.
goat looking back at camera.
statue of an old man in a blue overcoate.
statue of salty looking sea captian with white bears and long blue coat on pointing up and left.
A young girl in a blue shirt, shorts, and a helmet stands in front of a horse, next to another horse and two other people.
person on the left.
a chaild was sitting on hourse.
The rider of the black horse.
A bed's sheets furthest from the mirror.
bed in the right side of the image.
A girl wearing pink and blue going skiing.
A lady with a pink and blue ensemble.
A red bus that looks empty.
bus with american aparal advertisement.
The monitor on the right hand side infront of the keyboard .
the freestanding monitor.
The pink suitcase on the right.
The pink suitcase that is next to the blue ones.
Skier flipped upside down.
A man doing a flip over the snow.
A boy standing up near a microwave.
A kid wearing an orange and grey shirt using the mircowave.
A blue and white bus with a woman in white inside the door.
A white and blue bus with tinted windows.
woman looking interested.
A woman sitting near a man.
A catcher crouching in front of the umpire.
The catcher behind the plate.
man wearing a black shirt.
A man in a black shirt staring at the plate of food.
A man in white dress wearing black spectacles.
A white male man wearing a white top and black pants riding a bike next to a man in blue.
A bike with a black and yellow side cart.
the motorcycle that is attached to the sidecar.
A sportsman with 13 number jacket trying to catch a disc.
A MAN IN WHITE JERSEY WITH NUMBER 13 RAISING HIS HANDS.
designed white umbrella.
Light blue umbrella with blue speckles.
A red train.
the red train.
Bowl containing chicken carrots and cucumbers.
A bown filled with baby carrot, cucumber and cauliflower.
A brown plush teddy bear with another smaller plush bear on its lap.
Large bear with small bear propped against it.
A man wearing a vest, slacks, and a baseball hat.
A man pitching a baseball.
The empty brown chair on the left>.
A chair sitting at the empty table behind the group of people.
The taller giraffe walking behind the shorter giraffe.
A tall giraffe walking with the small giraffe.
THE RIGHT HAND.
Hand using touchpad.
a man in a black suit with a red tie.
A man with a red and silver power tie.
brown horse in front running.
The horse in the lead.
yellow square glazed donut.
A square pastry with yellow glazing.
Plate of fruit.
a frut on tabule.
a woman wearing a black shirt.
person in black shirt playing the Nintendo Wii.
The top rightmost man.
The man holding the kites in the top right square.
man with red shirt that is on upper/right of the collage.
the bitten piece of fruit.
a wooden cutting board with a piece of mango on it.
zebra on left.
a tall zebra.
A police officer with yellow jacket at the back.
The motorcylce behind the other motorcycle.
A man with a hat kisses another man.
A woman in white sunglasses.
baseball mascot.
baseball mascot with giant baseball for a head and a blue and black hat on.
A girl in a pink and blue princess dress with a red coat.
a woman in a red jacket.
A woman in a black and white striped shirt holding a birthday cake.
The woman in the black and white striped shirt.
The older man wearing a rash guard carrying a surfboard.
Man with surfboard under arm.
donut front left.
The plain glazed donut.
A person in a jacket and jeans walking away from a motorcycle.
This is a guy in blue jeans and a red jacket.
An arm in a black suit sleeve holding a bottle of wine.
A man in a black suit pouring wine.
the back of a wooden bench.
The slatted back of the bench.
pizza on the back of tray.
pizza with tomato sauce.
A boy in a green shirt sitting at the table.
Little boy eating with another little girl on a picnic table.
the white cow in the right hand picture.
White color cow.
The horse to the left of the water bowl that is facing the camera.
The horse to the left of the water bowl that is facing the camera.
A man in a black shirt and beige pants standing with legs spread behind another man.
Legs in khaki pants.
A black couch positioned in front of the TV.
A leather sofa facing the television.
The brown bag in the woman's lap.
Brown purse in the woman's lap.
A blue and white neck tie.
A blue and white polka dotted blouse.
the front part of a bicycle,  where a man is riding.
The front half of a bicycle being ridden down a street.
The man in a suit is on the phone.
A Man with sunglasses and a suit talking on his phone.
Dog in passenger seat.
An alert, tan dog, sitting in the passenger seat of a car.
A bowl of hummis next to some mushrooms and carrots.
blown with lighter brown substance  mostly out of frame.
The boy in mid air catching the frisbee.
boy in air catching frisbee.
Older man getting ready to blow out candle on cake.
Older gentlemen at a table smiling at a dessert with a candle in it.
Broccoli next to other vegetables.
A stalk of broccoli next to a carton of blueberries.
A built-in microwave oven.
A microwave oven.
A empty green chair at a table.
An empty chair placed in front of guests posing at the dining table.
a little teddy bear.
the small bear in the right hand picture.
cat not sleeping.
A cat, with its eyes open, laying with a pet brush.
woman with the tatoos.
A woman with blonde hair.
A man with grey shoes, a baseball hat, and a badge hanging from his neck.
man with hat and glasses.
A yellow tent with a black pole.
A big outdoor umbrella that is partly green.
A person in a green sweater facing the window.
The girl with longhair and has her back towards the camera.
an elephant walking between two other elephants.
An elephant in the center of a group of three elephants.
Young girl in the purple dress wearing pink sneakers and white tights.
A girl in a blue and white dress.
A large boat painted to look like a fish with teeth and named Godzilla.
large graffetti yacht.
a blue painted attracting race cycle.
An indian gentleman wearing a suit with blue tie.
A man in a suit and tie.
The old school fire truck with a blue engine top.
An antique fire truck with a ladder on top of it.
An empty seat on a train beside a woman.
An empty chair.
A taller giraffe.
The taller of the two giraffes eating leaves.
Umpire standing in a gray and black uniform with the number 35 on his sleeve.
A referee in black standing behind a catcher on a baseball field.
A black and white patterned bowl filled with water next to a kitten.
Bowl containing water watched by a cat.
The woman is wearing blue talking to a friend.
the lady behind the shoulder of the man who is about to eat the salad.
fork on left side.
The fork on the left.
woman on the right trying to get up from falling.
A boy in a dark jacket is skiing in an old black and white photograph.
The fluted glass bowl containing the croissant.
A clear bowl containing a salad and cheese sandwich.
A yellow casserole dish filled with food.
a yellow dish.
Man wearing a light blue shirt and googles on his brow.
A man with a blue color shirt.
A man behind the striker.
The umpire.
The driver of a car wearing glasses.
A man wearing glasses.
The horse that is the shortest.
A horse standing next to a young girl with glasses.
portion of cake behind fork tines.
A piece of dessert on the table.
A beige chair to the left of a brown leather ottoman.
A chair with a leather ottoman in front of it.
A girl in a pink shirt playing wii with a group of boys.
A young girl playing Wii.
MAN ON RIGHT.
A man in a collared shirt standing at the end of the counter.
A black bicycle is ridden by a woman in a plaid jacket and a girl with a pink jacket in a child seat.
The bicycle the woman and child are riding.
girl with sunglasses.
a woman in a white shirt and sunglasses to the right of another woman.
A blurry car with a big red streak on the back from the lights.
a dark car drives through a green light.
A yellow/green and green/black vase.
yellow and black pot.
left hotdog in the right hand picture.
empty table in front of girl in yellow.
the box under the meter.
The bottom black part on the parking meter.
The green bench that the older man is sitting on.
a green bench sat on by a man.
a brown sofa with 3 pillows and a throw on it.
BROWN COLOR LONG SOFA HAVING THREE RED COLOR PILLOW.
the person with the clock sign.
a boy carried a poster.
a man wearing blue shirt looking at a laptop screen.
A black shirt and a blue shirt on the backs of men.
A black table where a woman with hotdogs are sitting.
The front of a train.
a old train.
A zebra in a sunbeam.
zebra on the right flicking its tail.
A baby zebra standing near adult zebra.
a little zebra standing next to a big zebra.
A large gray US Air Force plane.
A large grey plane sits on the runway.
The woman standing beside the woman in blue.
A person in a white tshirt, standing behind a woman in a blue shirt.
an odd shaped blue white and red table sitting in corner of room.
A man standing and watching a throw.
A baseball player watching the pitcher trow a ball.
A blue caoch in the livingroom.
A blue couch.
a fighter jet.
A large aircraft with an open cockpit.
A white chair with brown seat.
white chair with brown seat cushion.
The hand holding the remote controller.
the hand holding the controller.
a big size mango in the plate.
A pear on top of a paper plate.
a girl with a white remote.
Little girl holding a Wii controller and biting her lower lip.
An Asian woman wearing a mickey mouse shirt holding a red hair dryer next to a toddler.
A lady putting hair sprayer on her kid.
Giraffe standing in front of the other.
two giraffes passing each other.
A baker in a green shirt and glasses wearing a grey apron.
The man holding the pizza for the camera.
A white umbrella with gold color dots on it, & a pink color dress lady holding it.
clear umbrella.
this is a little girl wearing a blue dress and it appears that she licked some of the frosting off of her cake.
A little girl with her finger in her mouth, wearing a purple shirt with white flowers, looking at a piece of cake.
The snowboard of the rider in the front.
A couch that holds a fold out bed.
A man sitting in a chair wearing a maroon and brown striped shirt.
The man in the striped polo shirt.
The man's hand holding the knife.
A man and a woman holding a knife.
The man on the left in the plaid shirt.
A man looking down at his phone who is wearing a plaid shirt.
An Air Canada airplane.
An Air Canada plane.
elephant in the front side of the image.
first elephant standing next to log.
An umpire that is crouching behind the catcher and half of the image of him is cut off.
umpire behind catcher wearing all black.
The woman in the yellow shirt.
A woman in a yellow shirt.
It is giraffe eating plants by bowing its neck down.
giraffe on the left.
the fish in the back on the far upper right corner.
the meat in the background.
old woman holding cake.
old lady holding the cake.
Apple Macbook with a sticker on the cover.
silver laptop in front of the man wearing blue t-shirt.
a black man cutting cake.
a men in purple shirt celebrating with his friends.
Child reaching for cake.
A black haired toddler reaching for cake.
A spoon whose handle IS visible.
A baby sheep laying on the ground.
A lamb beneath its mother's head.
A woman in black clothes playing tennis.
Tennis player in black dress.
A asian man in a plaid shirt touching an elephant.
the man touching the elephant's neck.
A white pelican standing in front of a group of logs.
A pelican standing behind three other pelicans.
hot dog with olives.
A partially eaten hotdog with green olives and mustard on it.
A tennis player wearing pink cap in reversed position and blue shorts.
a person wearing on red hat.
hand holding plate.
A hand holding a dessert plate with pink flowers designs.
The dark colored food in the container next to the carrots.
The darkest food in a container.
the giraffe behind the fence.
The empty part of the blue plate on the left.
A young lamb resting in the grass next to an older sheep.
A man in black shorts and a black sweatshirt reading a book beside a dog.
person reading a book to a dog on the floor.
large floret brocolli on right side of plate.
floral brocollet on right side of plate.
A sink full of water in a spa bathroom filled with flower petals.
A white bathtub with water and rose petals in the water.
a white bus with leven 44 on it.
White two level bus with Leven 44 on front.
black strap behind a womans back.
A fanny pack strap over woman's shoulder.
Young man in a white dress shirt and grey pants holding a beer while playing Wii.
a man in gray pant holding a controller.
man eating a slice of pizza.
The man who is eating pizza.
A man in a green shirt hauling bananas on a dolly.
the man pushing the cart of plantains.
A couch set across from a tv.
The biggest couch in the room with a floral pattern cushion and a double window behind it.
Man standing in white shirt.
a man with a white shirt and jeans moving in a picture so he is blurry.
man playing in ground.
Catcher.
a large model replica of a fighter jet.
A plane on display with red stars and camouflaged paint.
pizza in the forefront.
A pizza on a pan in front of two other pizzas.
The empty bike next to the white moped.
bicycle with no one on it.
zebra laying on grass looking towards left.
zebra on grass facing left.
woman in white blouse.
Woman with computer wearing a white shirt.
third elephant in the line.
3 elephant from back.
The tennis racket of the woman in the long sleeved shirt.
a tennis racket.
A MAN SEEING THE PIZZA ON THE DINING TABLE WITH HIS COLLEAGUE AND WEARING WHITE COLOR SHIRT.
asian man with glasses and white button up shirt.
The pitza that is very near to the puppy.
Full pizza which is near to the drink.
A blue suitcase sitting in the back of a car.
A blue suitcase.
young child wearing a white dress.
A little girl wearing a white dress holding a tennis racket standing next to some other children.
a black dog cuddling against a man's face.
A black colour dog lying down on a man.
yellow and grey train entering station.
A modern, yellow and silver passenger train, stopped at a train station.
A black car being transported on a truck.
A black car on a tow truck.
A man in a  white polo shirt is standing up.
a man speaking into a microphone at a tennis club.
A white horse standing by its owner.
A white horse being held by a man with a hat on.
two men standing on sidewalk, one looking at cell phone.
A man in a black sweater looking at his mobile.
sheep on left.
A sheep that is missing a patch of hair.
A white table in front of people in red.
A table with food and place settings.
bench under woman.
The back of the bench that the girl is laying on.
Container Lorry.
A semi truck caught in heavy traffic.
A bearded man in an olive shirt focused on a laptop screen.
the man in the green shirt with a hand on his forehead.
blood orange.
A circular type of fruit with a dark red filling.
a white speed boat.
A boat with two men and a dog on the river.
Catcher behind the plate wearing red and white.
baseball catcher.
the player holding the frisbee.
woman in white holding a frisbee.
A young child wearing a blue sweater decorated with stars.
A boy in a blue shirt looking at a birthday cake.
the metal pan in back.
green vase.
A white vase placed on a table with purple flowers within.
a man in a red tee shirt rollerblading.
A man in red t-shirt does skating on the road.
A sad looking baseball player holding a bat in the dugout.
A baseball player holding a bat between his legs.
a zebra with a mostly white face behind another zebra.
The zebra is the background.
a man in a green shirt playing wii.
A person in a green shirt and camo shorts.
A zebra stares to the right of its companion.
a zebra behind the other.
A woman sipping a glass of wine.
A woman with dark brown hair in a black and white dress.
A bathroom counter has 2 dark brown bamboo trays on each side of it.
A white bathroom sink with brown racks.
A young man in a black shirt.
a man with a black shirt on.
A head of brown hair watching the sheep be sheared.
A piece of chocolate cake that is on a white plate with a small brown bowl of something in it.
A slice of chocolate cake on a white plate with the corner of a wine glass.
Man in hat on a motorcycle.
A man in black uniform riding a motorcycle.
A man standing with black suit.
A formally dressed gentleman stands beside an ornate blue-and-white cake and matching cookies.
A brown horse with a black mane.
A brown horse near a white horse in a field.
A white sofa chair in a library.
person stepping foward.
the bike that the woman in the yellow top is holding.
A bike on the bridge in front of the other bike.
The man in the red shirt and white helmet watches the guy skate.
The skateboarder with the red shirt.
woman in the white dress.
A woman in white holding a plaque.
The brown and white cat on the man's groin area.
the orange and white cat on the top right.
A man with black hair sitting closest to the remotes.
The man on the left.
The woman in the middle is wearing a big black hat.
woman in black hat and black shirt holding chocolate sauce.
The giraffe standing nearest to the trees with its neck horizontal to the ground.
the couch in the middle, facing the length of the coffee table.
A white couch in the middle of the furniture.
The baby elephant.
The smaller younger elephant drinking water.
A man wearing black glasses.
A young man wearing glasses and a black and yellow plaid shirt operates a laptop.
larger giraffe standing in the middle.
A giraffe standing up.
a man with blue checked shirt.
A brown skinned man in a blue plaid shirt having a conversation with another man.
A boy in a green shirt sleeping on a bed.
The toddler in the green pajamas.
A young blonde woman stares intently.
A teenaged girl dressed black at the extreme left side.
A baseball player in a green shirt standing at a base.
The first baseman stands with his foot on the bag as the runner leads off.
A man with an American flag on his sleeve.
A POLICE MAN LOOKING AT LAPTOP.
A blue van next to the sidewalk with people riding bikes.
a blue color maruthi omni van is parked on a road.
a woman wearing glasses and a red hat pretending to brush her teeth with a giant purple toothbrush.
A girl in a red hat with an oversized toothbrush.
A grey couch in a living room.
a dark green coach.
The yellow cushioned chair to the right of the round table and the left of the brown and yellow chairs.
The yellow recliner that is facing the fireplace.
A clear glass with a black straw to the right of the pitcher.
glass with black straw.
wine bucket.
A silver cup that may contain something.
A chair to the right of a table.
Chair without arms beside table.
A guy who is wearing orange color shirt.
The left most person.
A woman wearing a tan jacket sits next to a child.
A woman wearing an embroidered jacket.
The top most sandwich.
The bottom bun of a sandwhich half.
A man in a grey and yellow shirt with a tennis racket.
the man with ash color jersey.
girl sitting on couch with two dogs.
A lady sitting on a sofa holding two dogs.
The first sheep in the background facing away in the image.
a sheeps butt.
A bird looking up with his beak open.
this is a singing bird next to a non-singing bird.
A white parasol with leaves on it.
A white parasol with leaves on it.
A giraffe in the background and to the left of another giraffe.
the giraffe in the back in the right hand picture.
the chair not being used by anyone.
A empty tan leather love seat.
A man in a blue hat walking next to an elephant.
The man in the blue jacket and a hat.
woman sitting at table.
A woman in a red dress.
A device whose keys buttons are blurry.
A red mini van on the ground.
The red VW Beetle.
The child in focus, swinging the bat.
The boy in black shoes holding the bat.
The second horse, the one that is grazing, that is slightly to the left of the horse in the foreground.
A horse eatting grass in the middle of two other horses.
THE PLAIN RED COLOUR SHIRT MAN IS DISCUSSING THE OTHER GENTLEMAN.
The green bus.
its a green color bus.
The person on the right side of the couch.
A man sat on the sofa wearing green trousers.
A MAN SKATING THE TABLE.
A man skateboarding in blue jeans and white shirt .
A lady in orange teashirt is wearing a white cap.
A woman playing Wii with another person.
The giraffe behind the other one, being fed by the child.
the back giraffe in the right hand picture.
A long glass vase that is skinny and clear in appearance.
wine glass stem.
The urinal at the lowest height.
the lowest urinal.
The tennis player with his racket closest to the ground.
Tennis player that has tennis racket by his side and is wearing a white hate backwards.
Short giraffe standing next to a tall giraffe.
the short giraffe standing beside a taller fellow.
A man dressed in black sprinkling cheese on a pizza with a young girl.
A father wearing a black baseball cap sprinkling cheese on a pizza while holding a white plate.
A white pillow behind a multi color smaller pillow.
The white pillow that the yellow pillow behind the dog is laying on.
A pizza that is sliced up into triangles and missing a piece.
A strawberry dessert with a piece missing.
A silver motorcycle on the far left.
The motorcycle just behind the trash receptacle.
The black truck next to the black car.
Black truck with extended cab driving down the street.
A baby in a high chair.
The baby with light hair and an orange bib sitting with a white tray in front of him near an older child and a woman.
cycle park near the bench.
A bicycle leaning on a bench.
The book on top of the pile where the black notebook is.
a black 5 subject notebook.
A man wearing a brown suit and glasses.
A person standing in the snow, next to someone who is holding an umbrella.
The person that is standing on the left under the umbrella.
A woman wearing a yellow hoodie and blue jeans with a hole in them.
girl in yellow hooded jacket.
The rear of a car made by Suzuki.
a red Suzuki minivan that is next to a blue car.
A kid holding a stick in cold weather with snow.
Boy filming snow boarders.
The back of a man's head wearing a white hat and white shirt, behind someone dressed as a zombie.
A man in a white hat is walking away.
a table with two lit desserts on it.
Table.
the front most piece of cantelope.
heart carrot in front of the other.
A guy wearing a white sunglasses.
A lady in green is on the right side.
A male tennis player wearing white jumping to make his hit.
a tennis player in the tennis court.
A black chair in front of a table with donuts and soft drinks on top.
A dark green curved park bench located in a mulched area.
the bench that doesn't have the cat on it.
The pizza the man is putting cheese on.
A man in a pink and white striped shirt sitting on the side of the couch.
man in pink and white striped shirt.
The dog that is sitting up.
A dog sitting up and looking at a pizza.
person on right.
Man standing on a beach with no shirt and khaki shorts wearing a baseball cap.
A bowl full of seeds as a side.
a bowl of fried rice near a green dish.
a ladies purse and traveling bag beside a park bench.
A beige purse attached to a suitcase.
bottle of soda on bottom shelf inside of refrigerator with a red cap.
There is soft drink bottle in the refrigerator.
a man holding an umbrella.
A MAN HOLDING UMBERLA IN ONE HAND AND DOG IN ANOTHER HAND.
A giraffe standing beneath a canopy of straw.
Giraffe in enclosed area eating out of basket.
Stalin holding a hotdog with a picture of a man in the hotdog.
A hotdog is being held by hitler.
Back of black old school truck.
A old time vehicle with barrels in the back.
The white bowl with the spoon in it.
a bowl of food with a spoon in it.
man in a black jacket laughing at another man.
The man in the black jacket and blue stripped shirt.
The chair, hardly visible behind the cat's left and right shoulder.
Chair behind the cat's head.
a girl wearing a black coat and standing beside horse.
A girl with blonde hair holding some horse reigns.
Person with the red helmet on his back seat.
the cyclist with his feet on the road.
The screen furthest to the right.
computer monitor on far right of the desk.
A man doing a skateboard trick.
A man in a brown shirt and denim jeans jumping on a skateboard.
a chair.
A chair in the back sitting next to a potted plant.
A large bottle of red salsa in the side door of a white refridgerator.
the jug in the fridge.
man wearing black beanie and blue long sleeved shirt.
man in blue checkered shirt eating pizza.
The white slatted chair,  to the left of the laptop,  in front of a window.
The dining chair with the full back showing and most of the wooden seat.
An empty side of a table with two glasses and a cell phone.
the table the women are taking a pic of.
the bench facing left on the left part of the photo.
backpack on the back of man in front wearing white shirt and blue jeans.
the backpack of a man walking among a group of other people.
A piece of bread on a blue and white plate to the right of the other piece of bread.
The roll to the right of the other roll.
a black color table with bread sandwiches.
The wooden table that has the plate of sandwiches on top of it.
A roof over the boat.
The boat with multi colored roof carrying three passengers.
A young Asian boy holding a stuffed animal.
child on left.
black chair in corner.
a black recliner chair.
A small kid is wearing full black color dress.
a young boy in dark clothes sitting on a table in front of a cake.
Tall man in suit with blue shirt smiling.
A man in a suit with a blue shirt.
Two black skis covered in snow of a person with a blue jacket on next to a child with a black and blue outfit on.
The person with the brown shoes.
A person's legs wearing khakis and brown shoes.
A wooden table holding a muffin, a banana, and a white cup.
There is glass beside banana and cake on the table.
A man feeding a group of cats.
A man wearing white pants feeding many cats.
couch with 4 pillows on it.
A large white couch facing away.
The chili dog on the left.
A hot dog covered in chili sitting on a plate to the left of two other similar hot dogs.
The bird with the beak opened up.
A bird specimen to the left.
A baseball player in red on first base.
Boy on defensive team in red playing baseball.
A woman with curly hair in a white shirt with roses on it.
A woman is sitting at a table.
A suitcase that is the second from the right.
The third black suitcase from the left in a line of 4 black suitcases.
An empty brown chair with flowers in front of it.
A wooden chair back at a table with a vase of flowers in front of it.
the brown sofa at the left most side.
the light colored couch.
The marble tiles underneath the plates.
table.
A tawny horse bending to eat grass with two other horses nearby but in the distance.
horse with sideways profile eating grass.
brown horse whose back is only visible.
A white four door hatchback vehicle in the street.
white car partially in the sunlight.
clock on left side of tower.
clock face to the left.
The man in a blue shirt with white shorts throwing a frisbee.
A young blonde man in a blue t-shirt and tan shorts throwing a green frisbee.
An orange drink in a plastic cup.
the clear container with a spoon in it.
An outdoor brown wooden park bench.
the bench where the people are sitting in the left side of the picture but only in the right hand picture.
the sporstman wearing white trousers.
A baseball player in a black shirt, tossing his bat.
reg fries and sandwich in the plate.
BLT on a plate with fries that has one half still untouched.
a hand grabbing a plant in the corner right.
An arm in front of a girl in a purple shirt.
The left bike of a police officer.
This is a green and blue motorcycle close to the camera.
The white car that the top of the cell phone seems to be in contact with.
TWO CARS BLUE AND WHITE IN COLOR ON A ROAD.
A couple of pillows which a guy is laying his head on.
A green and pink pillow.
A motorcycle with a yellow license plate and a white compartment.
The man with the red beard.
man i cream shirt.
The shorter half of a cooked carrot.
A white SUV.
A light colored car behind a woman's bare arm holding up an umbrella.
An ostrich walking to the right.
The bird that is on the right of the picture.
The polar bear whose head is behind the other polar bear's head.
polar bear laying on right.
A child's arm on the far right resting on the fence.
The outstretched arm of an onlooker waiting to pet a docile giraffe.
A table between two couches with candles on it.
leather tabke.
The glass of wine closest to the camera.
A glass of wine in front of another glass of wine.
The flyer with 'Planetary Assault' on it.
A flyer that says Planetary Assault.
A man in the background in a long sleeve shirt.
A man in a black shirt in the kitchen of a pizza parlor.
an older woman sitting wearing a red shirt and green plaid pants.
The lady wearing the red shirt holding a teddy bear.
The suitcase far from the camera.
A black suitcase with a silver zipper.
Boy in the middle among three boys.
A boy wearing a hat standing between two others on skids.
A man in a suit offers a trophy to a stay player.
A man in a suit holding a trophy.
The man on the right.
A man wearing glasses and an orange shirt standing in the background.
A man wearing glasses and an orange polo.
a bowl of eaten cereal.
a green plate with a spoon and oatmeal on it.
The bike being help up by the woman in the black hat.
a bicycle being held up by a woman in a black hat.
A man staring at a surf board with a painted sculpture on it.
a person wearing grey color shirt and white colour shot.
The tabe of an outside cafe that has a drink, white napkin, white plate and a sandwhich.
The tabletop that has a plate and glass on it.
a horse in a field walking while another horse eats.
Brown horse with a blonde mane and dark brown tail.
A boy in a suit and red tie is holding a piece of paper standing in the grass.
An adult wearing black coat holding paper in his hand.
An old man in black shirt and white hair is holding a cycle with kites and other playing things in it.
Man on bike with a gift basket and multi color tent.
The red ketchup bottle.
A bottle of ketchup on a table near some hot dogs.
giraffe bending.
A giraffe eating grass from a feed box.
A brown cow to the right of the other brown cow.
A container with a strange liquid in on a table.
a plastic bottle of dressing.
zebra running in front of other zebra.
A zebra is running in front of another zebra with its tail curled up.
glasses near bowl.
The zebra in front of all the other zebra.
the zebra closest to the camera.
A MAN LEFT HAND OPERATING HIS BLACK COLOR LAPTOP.
Left hand on keyboard.
central giraffe.
The giraffe in the middle.
A blue color car parked at parking lot.
A navy blue colored car parked in front of a building.
Man in black shirt and blue jeans standing next to a woman.
man in gray shirt.
A dark blue bottle with a label that has a bar code.
A tall blue pear shaped vase.
an expanse of table above the bowl.
A yellow wood chair with spindles on the left side of the table.
The high backed chair the furthest to the left.
Toilet in between two toilets.
the middle toilet.
a bed with a backpack sitting on it.
A bed with pink floral set.
A man wearing a red jersey and white pants holding a mitt behind him and balancing on one foot.
A pitcher.
A man in a suit and tie holding up a picture of two ducks.
a man in a suit holding a picture.
A light blue umbrella shielding a cat from rain.
A white umbrella under which a cat is taking refuge from the rain.
the chair the woman in blue is sitting on.
front chair on left.
aeroplane in airport.
an aeroplane is resting in the airport along with another planes.
A player preparing to catch the ball.
A baseball player wearing White.
One and a half speckled Bananas sitting on a bowl of pecans.
Two bananas sitting in a bowl.
A pizza with onions.
A pizza.
The child getting a haircut being held by the man in the red shirt.
A child getting a haircut.
A man with dark hair and a pink dress shirt and gray pants.
The person standing extreem right wearing pink shirt.
A dead bird between two other dead birds.
A bird with cotton stuffed inside of it.
Single person chair alongside the wall.
Top of a brown sofa chair.
The part of the toilet that holds the water in reserve.  It has a candle sitting on it.
A white toilet tank.
A white chair on the side of the table closest to the cat.
The white chair on the left.
The dark brown cow.
black colour cow was eatting grass.
The bunch of bananas.
A group of bananas.
The red truck going off the road.
large red truck.
mini floral beds.
a row of bears and some plush beds.
white color boat in the front left side of the image.
tall fishing boat docked behind the bicycle with a milk crate on its back.
A boy with a phone near a train.
Man holding a cellphone.
A chair with a bald man in white on it.
A brown and green wedding cake being picked upon.
A chocolate and green cake that is laying on a table.
a boy was playing base boll.
a child swinging at a baseball.
A patterned arm chair.
A chair next to a TV.
a shirtless boy in grey shorts.
a boy in grey shorts.
A person wearing a yellow and orange ski suit skiing with three other people.
A person with a lime green jacket and red pants on skis.
A chef that is wearing gloves and looking down.
A chef wearing a white uniform cutting meat on the table.
a BMW.
The beige bmw car.
The legs and feet of a person skateboarding on a concrete yard.
A person riding on top of a green skateboard next to two girls.
A man in a black shirt and black baseball cap.
a man in a black hat with glasses looking at a motorcycle.
A desktop computer monitor.
The monitor on the extreme right.
A two seater couch.
A white couch in the living room with a blue pillow on it.
man right side.
The man in the black shirt and jeans in front of the plane.
glass bottle behind the cats ear.
a black plate of brown chinese food behind a cup of fries.
A white shirt on the nearside of the road.
A white sleeve.
A person with a snowboard wearing a white jacket.
A player wearing a white jacket and grey pants tying skiing boards on his legs.
The sandwich standing next to the man's thumb.
cupcake with an H on it.
The cupcake to the right of the others.
The green grapes are in a red box that is in a box.
A few quantity of green colored grapes in a red box is shown in the image.
A man with a helmet skiing.
Someone wearing a blue helmet.
laptop bag in the middle of a chair.
The black book bag between the other two bags.
A bowl of beef, noodles, and other food items.
a bowl filled with food stuff.
The bear sitting in water on the left side.
A bear with it's mouth open.
A pile of green apple peels and cores.
peelings laying on tagle.
food that is left and to the back in the tray.
A baked apple on the top left side of a pan of baked apples.
A pink and white toothbrush sits on a bathroom sink.
White toothbrush with pink stripes.
the trailor on the right closest to the stairs.
a bus hidden by other vehicle.
A black glass with some kind of drink in it being served with a sandwich.
the glass behind the white cloth.
cup of coffee in table.
A woman getting her hair brushed in the middle of 2 other girls.
A woman getting her hair brushed by children.
A cheese pizza beside a book with only one slice missing.
woman on the left side with racket in hand.
female asian tennis player on left side.
man in background wearing tan pants.
legs of person in background.
The bus on the far right.
the man lying next to the lady.
Man lying on bed.
A green lounge chair.
Wooden sofa placed away from umbrella.
The motorcycle that is riding towards the camera with the guy in the blue shirt on it.
The motorcycle on the right coming towards camera.
banana in front of other bananas.
A plantain farthest away from metal dishes.
Brown crackers in a bowl.
the bottom left tray with orange food.
A woman pushing a dolly full of luggage.
Woman pushing bags.
A four door sedan parked in a snowy driveway.
The white car in the driveway.
The young man with Jeans and a sweatshirt on who is holding a wii remote control.
guy in gray hoody playing wii.
green colour umberrla in the beach.
A green and white parasol sits on a beach between two other parasols.
the zebra leading the group.
The full body of a zebra.
a well dressed Asian man shaking hands.
Asian politician shaking the hand of a man.
A woman holding a tennis racquet.
A lady posing with a tennis racket.
An elephant walking to the left.
The elephant standing alone away from the other elephants.
A burned half of a sandwich.
A tosted bread slices in a plate which was over toasted on the borders.
The yellow banana above the other fruit.
This is a bruised yellow banana.
From the bottom right the second guy on a laptop.
a man with his mouth open, typing something on his laptop.
man with curly hair and glasses, wearing a jacket looking at his phone.
A man with glasses is looking at his cell phone.
a man sitting on a chair.
man sitting on the brown color couch.
a base ball player playing.
Player numbered 26.
A white, red, and blue vehicle in front of a white van.
The 24 hour recovery truck.
The seat in which a lady is sitting.
A train seat with a woman sitting on it.
A banana that has a crying face.
Banana with the tape measure around it.
A silver motorcycle behind another motorcycle.
The gray motorcycle on the far right.
Man wearing red hooded sweatshirt, playing Wii.
The person in red.
A man holding a controller.
Donut that is filled with yellow cream.
the filled pastry in the man's hand.
person in black fleece.
A woman with a black jacket walking away.
person in red shirt.
An arm with a purple sweater on it.
a girl in a pink shirt.
woman in pink sweater.
Woman in black floral dress.
Woman in a black flowered dress sitting on a cot.
Green patterned chair on the right side of a table.
A dark green chair located in the library.
A statue that resembles a toilet seat outside.
a green and white toilet.
White mug with coffee in it.
coffee cup left.
The zebra to the far right of the group.
The zebra standing alone without touching the other zebras.
A cow grazes on grass, you can see majority of its neck.
the side of a cow.
The elephant behind the other one.
left barely visible elephant in the right hand picture.
a mixc on banann.
the banana in the left.
A black backpack with two orange pens.
black backapck on the red table.
The boy with sauce on his face.
A young boy in a blue shirt with pasta sauce on his mouth.
The man in the striped shirt.
A man in a striped shirt making a swinging motion at a video game.
Man with his girlfriend in the pool with their dog sitting on a surfboard.
Man who is touching the dog in the pool.
White pickup truck parked on the side of the road.
a pickup vehicle.
urinal on far right of row of urinals.
The urinal farthest from the back wall.
A man in winter gear doing a trick on a red pipeline.
person in green pants and green hat on a snowboard.
cow in back on right.
a cow to the right of two other cows.
A man in a white v-neck tshirt stands talking on the phone.
Man in a white tshirt and camouflage shorts talking on his cell phone.
A slice of supreme pizza being cut by someone.
Man wearing tan holding papers.
A man wearing a tan shirt and holding some papers.
A boy in blue skateboards at night.
A boy in red shoes doing a skateboard trick.
A brown horse standing to the left of two blindfolded horses.
A brown horse with a dark head.
Beans are in the bowl.
Bowl of bacon bits on a table.
The man in the black jacket.
A man wearing a black coat.
The bus in the front.
the black and white air bus.
The outermost left hand giraffe. The giraffe is facing in the left direction, as well.
shortest giraffe.
Male tennis player with light red hair wearing white clothing.
someone with a tennis raquet.
The elephant at the front of the line.
an elephant in front of a line of three elephants.
The seat that is smaller and closer to the camera than the other. It is to the lower right hand side of the umbrella. It is the one directly in front of the camera.
A giraffe with its rear facing the zebra.
the giraffe on the right that is facing left.
Man in a brown tshirt.
A man in a brown shirt.
A person with a back pack walking in the rain and using an umbrella.
The woman with the black and white umbrella is walking towards the lady wearing black and white boots.
chair with stuffed animals.
Dark brown leather and wood armchair.
a boy is jumping.
the person in the air.
man siting.
man in black shirt drinking from a bottle.
The horse of the man in red.
A black horse that is leading the pack of other horses.
A person in a purple shirt standing behind a red bowl.
A woman in a purple sequenced outfit.
an orange just above the prawns.
orange standing on end with stem end visible.
The book with the word 'Daughter' on it.
a book named  _ETIC'S DAUGHTER under.
A man getting out of a plane.
the man stepping off of the airplane.
A pile of books on top of the cd's.
The white book underneath the other white book.
table.
Clock face with black numbers that tells the time of 2:26.
large yellowed clock at top of machine.
the nearest computer monitor.
giraffes.
Two giraffe standing by some trees facing opposite directions.
A brown couch next to a brown table.
The brown sofa next to the blue sofa.
The chair on the right side of the lamp is empty.
A hot dog being eaten by a man with glasses.
hot dog on right.
a boy wearing a white shirt and hat carrying a surfboard under his right arm.
A man holding a surf board wearing a baseball cap on a beach.
A man in a white shirt and tie autographing a tie.
A man wearing a white shirt and green tie signing a tie.
A silver slip phone that the man on the right side is holding.
Grey flip phone with keypad facing camera.
man's hand with ring on it.
a persion sitting on left chair.
teddy beat in cop or guard uniform.
The teddy bear dressed as a police man.
A man wearing a plaid shirt smiling at the camera.
A man in a plaid shirt looking at the camera and standing up.
Bird with wings open.
Bird with wings up.
man on far right in black shirt.
A man in a black shirt who is halfway cut out of the picture.
A deck railing with small table underneath.
A table that is holding the square planters box on it.
a knife next to fork.
The whole knife seen on the plate.
A man in a black snow suit laying down in a snow mountain.
Man in navy colored snow suit laying in the snow.
The second from left to right of pieces of delicious looking bread.
2ND BREAD FROM LEFT.
A man standing in a white boat.
A white boat.
The elephant mostly blocked by the other one.
Elephant in back of prominent elephant.
The girl on with a polka dot scarf.
Teenage girl smiling while ice scatting.
Backside view of a boy in a grey shirt.
A boy in a gray t-shirt.
A giraffe, standing to the right of a zebra.
A boy in a orange shit swinging a baseball bat.
the child playing base ball.
A baseball player in a red and white uniform with a red helmet who just got done swinging the bat.
A baseball player in a gray uniform with a red helmet who just swung the bat.
A cake.
A cake shaped like a train.
portion of the table left of the donuts.
The counter top under the drinks.
counter top under the glasses and bowls.
a table top.
An empty chair that is to the left of the main sitting down.
A black chair to the left of the dog.
A little girl with a wii remote sitting on the couch.
girl with wii controller.
The train with a black engine trimmed in red and pulling passenger cars.
Black and red train engine with the numbers 031010-2 on the front.
A child baseball player in jeans holds a baseball glove.
A kid playing baseball in blue jeans.
a black pot with a plant in it.
Giraffe's head.
The face of a giraffe looking right at the camera.
Guy with black pants and shoes next to a dog on a skate board.
Black pants.
The gentleman that is standing behind the cow, he is to the outermost right hand side of the picture.
A man in a suit to the right of two other men.
A drink closest to the napkins.
A plastic cup of water with a red straw and a diagonal sitting slice of lemon.
Brown couch sat on by an older man with beard.
Couch being sat on by man with beard.
A bench near the garden.
A bench in front of a tree.
Beige cat with a leash around his chest.
A white cat on a red leash.
A man in a green shirt and blue shorts reaching down.
a man wearing a blue bandanna, green shirt, and blue shorts.
the pizza that is by the fork.
A PIECE OF PIZZA.
a man in white polo shirt, wearing eyeglasses.
A man in a white shirt holding a tennis racket next to a young man.
elephant on left side.
An elephant with small trunk is walking together with another elephant.
snacks in a table.
The white cake has a purple, white and pink checkerboard on it.
BUS SEAT.
The chair in which the dog is sitting.
The bored looking woman to the farthest left.
The woman in the left side of the picture.
A happy man wearing a gray suit.
A tall man in a suit.
A yellow teddy bear next to a plaid teddy bear.
A yellow stuffed bear laying next to a blue plaid stuff bear.
man on left wearing white shirt.
Man on beach with white t-shirt.
Middle bowl.
A Chinese side-dish in between two other bowls.
Baseball player holding a bat looking off into the didtance.
A man in a Boston uniform holds a bat.
macbook with screen powered on.
laptop in the front.
man on left holding frisbee.
person on left.
A large table with a white tablecloth full of drinks.
a large table with a green bottle on it.
black bag next to large suit case.
the black color bag beside which is a big black color bag.
The skis the person in the Fanta jacket is holding.
skis being carried by a kid.
the jet with 718 on it.
Plane labeled 718.
A man holding video game controllers wearing an orange shirt.
a man in an orange shirt holding a wii controller.
Right Half of the Table Top undersandwhiches that have multiple children pictures under the glass of the top.
this is a table with pictures of people on it.
A man wearing red shorts playing frisbee.
a man wearing red and white trunks jumping into the air.
One head of a dual parking meter marked 67.
right head of parking meter.
A group of four red apples.
One apple sitting on top of 2 apples.
A black BMW stopped at a crosswalk.
A black car to the left of the cycle.
Young girl.
A LITTLE GIRL WITH TENNIES BAT.
A woman in a brown jacket, riding a skateboard.
An Asian woman with a brown jacket, grey hat, and black pants skateboarding.
The little girl wearing blue.
The shorter child in the darker blue shirt.
baseball player holds bat.
a man in black shirt.
the boy.
A boy with curly hair and brown pants.
the black bowl with something yellow in it.
a baseball umpire.
A man wearing a black shirt and umpire mask.
A girl riding a horse in front of a fence, standing in the grass.
a girl riding a horse without a sadle.
Person in grey sweater and white socks.
person wearing gray shirt and dark gray pants sitting on couch.
the slice that is straight across from the closest one.
A piece of food that is behind the others.
a striped head kitten.
cat sleeping near to the blue pillow.
Angry-looking woman.
A giraffe eats a carrot behind a wire fence.
The giraffe eating a carrot.
A man holding two rib sandwiches.
a man wearing a black shirt.
A lady wearing a black jacket and blue jeans walking her dog.
A woman in a black jacket walking a dog.
The woman on the left.
A woman with blonde hair and whose right hand is visible.
A buzzard bending down.
A vulture with its head near the ground.
This is a train with many people getting on.
a blue, white, and grey train labeled #2.
man in white shirt whose hair is only visible.
A brown purse strap crossing diagonally across the back of a woman in a gray sweater.
A strap across of the back of the woman in gray.
man in safety vest.
A road worker holding a stop sign.
A hot dog in a bog to the right of two other hot dogs.
A lady with a brown color sweater.
the younger lady in the maroon sweater.
a chair with laptop.
a chair with a laptop in it.
A man in sunglasses and a grey tshirt trying to catch a frisbee.
A man in a grey t-shirt and dark shorts trying to catch a Frisbee.
The left horse.
A light brown horse standing in front of the dark brown horse.
The lady tennis player without a hat.
a woman wearing a white tank top shaking hands with one wearing a cap.
The zebra eating the grass on the left.
A zebra leaning over into the dirt.
Skis in the child wearing black's arms.
The snowboard the boy on the right is holding.
A baby elephant.
SMALL ELEPHANT STANDING ON DIRT.
A young boy with a man watching elephants.
little boy wearing a plaid pattern shirt.
skis being worn by man with yellow stripes on his shoes.
A car directly behind a zebra.
A dark car with it's brake lights on behing a zebra.
the woman petting the horse on the head.
The woman in the dark green jacket standing up.
A bed with white linens holding a woman.
the white bed.
Woman with a tank top behind the silver bottle on the right.
the back of a man without a shirt sitting in an airport lounge.
The wine glass farthest from the plate with salad on it.
glass on left.
Right arm on a black laptop.
Right hand of someone working on the black laptop.
There is a man standing in the upper corner of the picture.
The smallar giraff behind the big one.
A smaller giraffe behind a larger giraffe.
a red motorbike.
The red moped was manufactured by Honda.
A black motorcycle labeled 77.
The motorcycle that is only half visible.
The man's face seen above the elbow of the man in the blue shirt.
the stout man in the middle.
The middle horse among the three.
horse in the middle of two other horses.
Dirty toilet next to black garbage bag.
The toilet with a garbage bag on one side and another toilet on the opposite side.
The zeebra following another zeebra.
A zebra to the left of two other zebras.
A woman in a pink shirt.
the girl wearing pink.
A woman in white shorts.
A woman in a visor shaking hands with a woman in black.
A man's plaided shirt.
portion of checkered shirt seen behind the fork.
A man in a green surf shirt with a Hyundai logo on it, holding a yellow surfboard.
The man in the green shirt carrying the yellow surfboard is walking the beach between men in a white shirt and one in a blue shirt.
A old women wearing a red shirt and red shoes.
woman wearing red shirt white pants and red shoes.
The elephant living with its child.
An elephant with people on its back.
a men wearing blue shirt with white t-shirt & eat the pizza.
The boy on the left with the pizza in his mouth.
center glass that is shortest in height and has least amount of liquid that is clear.
the brown pot on the right.
A male skateboarder after he landed his trick.
right most skater.
a young elephant eating tall grass.
elephant on left.
Arm in dark sleeve.
The person in black in the background.
white and blue kite.
WHITE , BLUE AND BLACK COLOR KITE.
An elephant with its trunk out towards another elephant.
A ELEPHANT TRY TO FIGHT WITH HIS FRIEND HOLDING HIS TONGUE UP.
A fire wood place in the living room.
A black fireplace.
The cupcake in the background that is in the middle of the other two cupcakes in the background.
The laptop in front of the man who has his hand raised.
a freezer case with bananas on the right side.
fridge in the middle filled with fruit.
A gray metal bench near a blue sign.
The gray bench in the back on the left.
The girl in the pink dress that is holding a kite.
Girl in a pink and white dress.
A person bent over a motorcycle.
Food with smiling face on the Left.
A man dressed in all white swinging a tennis racket on a tennis court.
A man dressed in white holding a tennis racquet.
A man folding his hands.
A wooden dining table chair.
Wood chair on the right next to another just like it.
the baseball player in the background.
The player behind the other player and next to the man in the suit.
man taking selfie.
man with glasses holding phone up.
Black Range Rover.
Two giraffe standing by each other.
A giraffe to the right of another giraffe.
A man in a black coat between two elephants.
Man in black jacket standing between two elephants.
a truck with the side doors open parked beside  pop up tent.
big white truck.
The green plant is beside the girl.
A green bush in a black pot.
A red chair under a child in a green shirt.
A red chair with a child in blue jeans kneeling on it.
A sandwich cut in half on a wood board inside a plate.
Half a sandwich to the left of another.
A silver laptop with a black keyboard.
A tall hispanic man with dark hair wearing a blue soccer uniform with his hands on his hips.
A soccer official stands with his hands upon his hips during an apparently paused moment in the match.
A woman dressed in black and white sitting next to a man at a table.
A girl whisper to his husband very closely.
A man wearing black color dress is having something in his hand .
A man in dark clothes eats cookout food with his fingers.
the zebra in the middle.
Zebra in the middle.
yellow train.
A dark yellow train engine.
an elephant walking toward the camera.
An elephant with a broken tusk.
white cup in the right side of the image.
A coffee cup kept on the table and the fork near to it.
The left face of the clock.
A clock on a tree with another clock along side of it.
The blurry chair on the left.
picture of bar chair in front of the guy wearing black.
A giraffed sitting on the ground.
A giraffe sitting on the ground.
The white car is parked beside a broken meter.
a gray car in a road.
A container of baby carrots.
Several baby carrots.
A cup containing ice water standing next to a plate with sandwiches.
The glass of water.
scooter wih dark coloer helmet box.
motorcycle that man is sitting on with brown shirt.
The woman on the phone.
A woman talking on a cell phone.
A zebra standing in an enclosure with other zebras.
Large zebra standing second from left in open field.
The catcher in front of the umpire.
A boy in red and white baseball uniform crouching down on his knees.
the orange to the right and under the whole orange.
The woman on the far right working on the machine.
a bunch of banana.
A bunch of bananas in a wire basket on a table with other fruits on it.
A monitor has a picture of a girl's face on it.
The girl image on the monitor.
The bench the dog is tied to.
the bench next to the dog.
Black SUV behind a white motorcycle in a showroom.
a black car behind a white motor cycle.
the carrot in the very back.
A person wearing black pants.
A pair of legs wearing dark pants and pointed shoes.
An asian girl getting ready to bat.
a woman wearing a helmet and holding a baseball bat.
A red-and-black backpack laying amid a haphazard pile of luggage.
This is a red and back bookbag lying on the floor.
butter knife laid on plate.
The knife on the left of the plate.
BOY LOOKING AWAY FROM CAMERA.
Torso of the boy holding kite.
the zebra in the back.
The fender of the motorcycle.
The left side mirror of the motorcycle.
A young boy playing soccer in the rain.
A kid with black cleats playing soccer.
A girl in brown shoes and a bright pink sweater about to kick a ball.
A little girl wearing a pink sweather and pants kicks a soccer ball.
A woman with long grey hair with a teddy bear in front of her.
Woman with long grey hair holding a brown teddy bear.
A man with a brown coat and a tan cap stands on a rug.
A man wearing a hat.
man with beige baseball hat standing in front of coffeetable.
the computer monitor in the corner.
a white computer monitor on the desk.
A girl is carrying a big piece of parachute with her.
A large sail that is used for kite boarding that is being carried behind a man with a kite board.
The table top area next to the napkin holder.
The table top area next to the napkin holder.
The skinnier black suitcase.
A girl in a pink helmet on the back of the bike.
the girl in the back in the right hand picture.
The board the dog is on.
wakeboard that dog is on.
A beige couch behind two people.
a woman and a man standing holding wii remotes.
The face of a 24 hour clock with roman numerals.
a team of 8 kayak rowers.
A blue motor bike with the front wheel popped off.
A blue & yellow dirt bike on a jack in the shop being repaired.
the left zebra with tail wag.
Zebra's rear behind other zebra's head.
It is the Warriors number 19 girls soccer player going after the soccer ball.
the warrior player nearest the ball.
A guy in black on a skateboard.
A man performing an ollie on his skateboard.
A double-decker buss between a single bus and another double decker buss in a parking lot.
PASSPORT APPLICATION AIR BUS RUNNING THE ROAD.
A person in an orange top.
woman wearing pink outfit.
A kid.
A girl eating something.
A baby mule.
The baby horse is dark brown and tan.
A slice of cake placed on top of a glass plate.
The slice of cake on the plate next to the fork.
A silver four door car is closely behind a large truck.
A silver car stuck in traffic behind an orange and yellow truck, next to a man on a motorcycle and a herd of oxen.
the tree on the left.
a young man jumps on a skateboard.
A man in a grey shirt riding a skateboard.
half cut sandwich on the right side of plate.
right sandwich half.
a parking meter to the right of another meter.
A parking meter to the right.
A white long  table with a plastic bag on top of it.
A long white table with a plastic bag sitting on it.
a women in suit.
the woman in a white jacket.
A small chair pushed up against the coffee table farthest from the window.
A toy horse on the left side pulling a carriage.
A toy horse whose hind legs are seen.
The white ramekin in the upper right.
A white bowl behind a bowl full of brussel sprouts and carrots.
a old man was seeing in phon.
an elderly man looking at his phone in front of a sign with a plastic bag at his feet.
black table nearest to you.
chair behind man with white shirt on.
The women on the chair is drinking.
lady with the cup.
A man in a blue suit and red tie at a table.
A middle aged business man in a blue suit with a red tie is sitting at a table with a wrapped gift in front of him.
Three yellow suitcases stacked upon each other, labeled "Trucker Luggage".
A part of the window where you can see the reflection of a car.
a tie which weared by a person wearing head phone.
Black tie on sailor wearing sunglasses and headphones.
player in white uniform during the anthem.
A man in a white uniform.
The red bus with only the back end visible, in front of the bus labeled J322BSH.
The umbrella in the middle, held by the black man.
A delicious sandwich cut in half on a plate with soup and donuts.
sandwach half near the soup.
A white and blue boat with a man in it.
The white boat docked near shore.
the color umbrellas at upper right.
The bed that is next to the woman that is laying down.
The white cloth between the woman and the blue wall.
A traffic light that is lit up red.
A bicycle just behind the motorcycle.
There is one blue color bicycle is standing on the floor beside bike.
A man swinging a baseball bat.
A Basket ball wearing light shirt and dark pants striking with his bat.
Keyboard all the way to right.
The black keyboard to the right of the laptops.
An adult zebra at the bottom of the photo.
The zebra is standing closest to the camera.
A large city bus on the shoulder of the road.
A bus on the side of the road with cars all around it.
a little girl feeding a sheep.
a girl feeding sheep.
A sheep with a black face.
Three goat like animals in the wild.
A dog with his tail up in the air.
A dog with it's tail in the air.
The man in the number 19 jersey.
A jumping man in a white and blue shirt.
the woman on skis with a red jacket tied on her waist.
A lady wearing black pants with a red jacket tied around her waist.
baby goat with head resting on back of other baby goat.
The lamb on the top left.
The boat filled with people.
Boat from its tip up until the gray item the man is sitting on.
An aeroplane landing on the runway at the beautiful time of sunset.
A large airplane sits on a runway.
A truck with a ladder, street sign, and traffic cone in the back.
A truck with a Buckeye sign on it.
A foal.
a foal with the mother close by.
Silver car beside tiny truck.
A white car.
the kite that is being held and facing the camera.
A red, three-tailed kite with a phoenix emblem on it.
A computer monitor on a table.
A dim desktop monitor sitting on the backside of a white desk, with a written document showing.
little boy wearing blue.
a small boy wearing blue being fed by a man.
A tennis racket held by a bearded man.
A yellow red and blue tennis racket.
Two pillows on the couch.
Two pillows on a sofa.
the backside of a horse with a black tail.
A horse's dark grey backside and tail.
the couch with the white remote control and camera on it.
A WHITE REMOTE AND A CAMERA SITTING ON A COUCH.
A giraffe that is behind some shrubbery.
A giraffe hiding behind a bush.
An elephant partially obscured by a green fence.
An elephant behind another elephant.
The back portion of a red booth in a restaurant.
the red booth cushion behind the woman.
A woman wearing a blue shirt feeding a giraffe in a zoo.
A WOMAN WEARING BLUE T-SHIRT.
A woman in a blue shirt.
Woman in navy blue crouched next to tennis court.
A large white horse in the foreground of the picture.
A white horse with a red ribbon in it's braid.
A vase containing a red glass tulip.
Light blue glass bottle with red rose straw on top.
A kid wearing blue clothes, holding something in red color in hand and playing wit two more children.
little boy on the right in a blue shirt.
the old man with a beard on the right.
An old man wearing color coat is looking at the man beside having a paper in his hand.
a yellow bus next to the gray curb.
Yellow pained Passenger Bus.
An orange glimmering in light making it look darker and lighter in spots.
A bottle of Chateau Terra.
A bottle of Chateau Terra wine.
Snowboarder who is over the dark area.
A snowboarder in between two snowboarders.
man in white shirt and jeans.
The unknown person putting his hand in his hip and he wearing white colour shirt.
the white chair at the front of the picture.
A white chair facing the window.
A person sitting furthest away from a man giving a presentation.
person in the front of picture.
The woman feeding the giraffe.
A baseball player swinging the bat at the baseball.
The man hitting the baseball with number 8 on t-shirt.
left most half of the benches.
A brown bench on a city street, to the left to another of its kind.
A intrigued and curious person with a long sleeeved shirt.
A man in a black shirt.
A silver laptop.
silver laptop computer.
The pink donut nearest the remote.
The pink donut in the back row next to the chocolate one.
A black and white coloured cat is sleeping in the corner of the bed.
a cat is sleeping.
the chair near the bowl.
Grey chair in front of white dinner table.
An elephant carrying a man on it.
The elephant which has a man with cap on it's back.
A large dish holding carrots and other foods.
everything i the lunchbox the lid would cover.
A girl with a bat swinging it.
A girl in a green shirt.
A young brown cow.
A brown color calf.
a baby elephant.
A small elephant standing next to another bigger elephant.
A horse with a black face.
TALL BROWN AND WHITE HORSE STANDING STRAIGHT AND LOOKING AHEAD.
A dog with white head and brown over his eye.
Brown calf thats head is covered mostly in white.
a woman in a green shirt and white skirt playing tennis.
Woman.
A blue train next to a red train.
blue train.
A white pickup truck with the back full of items.
A white truck that has a full bed.
A blue foldable chair.
The blue and yellow train, on the second track.
A yellow and blue train that runs underneath what appears to be an electric area.
A man in a white shirt bending over a desk.
A MAN BEND AND SEE SOMETHING IN HIS TABLE IN FRONT OF MIRROR.
The toilet the cat is closest to.
The head of a horse with a white mask on.
Green arm chair in a living room.
A green sofa chair to the left of a wooden table.
A yellow train with a rounded top.
The train on the right has 2 lights lit up.
Brown bag in woman's lap.
A brown bag in a woman's lap.
A white love seat with four pillows on it sits in front of two windows.
A sofa sitting between two windows.
the bottom half the sandwich on the left.
The half of the grilled cheese on the plate on the left bottom corner of the table.
A skiier in a green jacket standing by his friend on a snowy mountain.
A green and Black skier.
The boat to the direct right of the white car.
the large white boat next to the car.
The backside of a zebra with a swishing tail.
Zebra butt nearest tree.
A man wearing green sliding to a plate under a jumping man in white.
A man sliding on base with a green jersey.
A square donut with yellow glaze.
Squared donut on a white plate with cheese on it.
A mans arm reaching to serve rice on his plate.
Hands holding a plate.
The pair of skits next to the pole handles that are lying down.
a woman in a plaid shirt holding a planting pot.
the girl in check shirt.
A round brown donut with sugar sprinkled, sitting under another donut.
A donut have a hole in it placed below one more donut.
Sofa couch under the left hand of the person.
The couch part the mans left arm is touching.
A grey motorcycle next to a blue motorcycle.
a silver moter cycle parked beside a blue one and a orange one.
A man with a beard sitting with his legs crossed and holding up the peace sign.
man on left with peace sign.
A Giraffe standing along with other giraffe near a pond.
The giraffe the is pointing directly to the left and is second from the front.
TABLE CLOTH.
table underneath the pizza.
cargo carts of a train furthest away from the station.
the cargo car of the train on the left, right next to the signpost.
First dining chair.
a bar stool  at the end of the counter.
A man without glasses.
a man without glasses who is holding a brown donut.
The last two fighter planes in the back of the group.
The last two planes going up in the air.
A white van in the dark.
A white cargo van behind a woman wearing pink and black.
This is an elephant in the middle. There is an elephant on either side of it.
The elephant that is rear facing to the camera and has a single person on it wearing a hat.
a women stand  near a man who taking food.
Woman in a black garment and apron standing at the table behind the man with pizza on the table.
A LADY SPEAKING IN FRONT OF TWO OF THEM.
A short haired woman wearing a black jacket and white shirt.
man in black shirt to right of phone.
man watching something.
blue boat in background.
A light blue fishing boat, with two men holding on to its railing.
a blue metal chair with a woman sitting in it.
Metal seat with a woman sitting on it.
The center hamburger.
a man wearing glasses and cutting someone's hair.
A man cutting another man's hair.
The lady infront of the podium with short hear wearing a tan jacket and blue jeans.
a woman standing at the front of a room giving a presentation.
black motorcycle on left.
the bike on the left.
The plaid jacket of a player to the right of a band-mate plucking a stand-up bass.
shoulder of the man on the left picture edge.
A man wearing white shirt is ready to eat.
A white toilet with a linear design on the side.
A green sofa is being sat on by people.
A young girl with a low pony tail wearing a tank top with designs and words on it.
A little girl with a white shirt with text on looking at a horse.
White flowers with baby breath accents sitting in front of a counter.
A bouquet full of white flowers.
a food on tabule.
A sub sandwich.
A young man on a skateboard with a backwards hat giving two peace signs.
The boy crouching lower on the right side.
A red car.
red car.
big bowl on left.
Dish of pottoes.
A delivery truck.
Bird in profile on bird feeder.
A bird with full view.
The white tablecloth in front of the man in a blue shirt, who's turned to see the woman standing.
The table of the man in the blue shirt clapping his hands.
A bottle with a red and blue label hides behind the hamster.
A bottle of beer.
A hand with a wedding ring.
HAND WITH RING ON IT.
The red parked motorcycle.
A parked red motorcylcle with no one on it.
Small child taking a treat from an adult.
A girl in a black, yellow and green dress reaching for some food.
A man in an Air Force uniform that is holding a clipboard.
a man in the military in a white shirt.
A leather and wood sofa between two chairs.
The two seater chair near the mirror.
A young, smiling blonde haired boy in a grey and red pullover holding a Wii controler.
A boy  wearing a olive green jacket standing behind a girl.
The giraffe on the right hand side.
The giraffe in front of the other.
A man in a purple shirt playing Frisbee.
It is a guy playing frisbee and wearing a purple teeshirt with numbers on back and black shorts.
smaller piece of a split sausage.
The man on the back wearing a white, red and yellow jacket.
a man in the black healmate.
girl holding drink.
A woman in a black dress holding a drink.
the biggest giraffe.
The two giraffes to the left of one giraffe.
samall vase.
A vase with a painted woman on it leans on another painted vase.
The bus whose doors are open.
An old white work van with blue stripes.
A horse with a green cribbing.
A horse with the green lace in his mouth.
The horse in the backround that is looking away.
The little girl with the bear tied to her back.
Baby with a teddy bear tied to their back.
LONG TABLE.
the wooden table on the right side of the room.
A full brown cow looking out.
a cow.
Center pile of fur with red and blue spots on it.
A sheep with green and red color marks on its fur, crouched on the grass.
boy in green shirt.
A boy in a green shirt playing tee ball.
A random arm on the left side with a blue short sleeve.
The arm of a person wearing a striped blue shirt.
The woman with her hair in a bun and a black striped shirt.
Woman in a black and sheer-black striped shirt watching a presentation on a projecter screen.
A man with a white outfit and a tennis racket with  blue handle.
Man standing with raquet in white shirt on near side of net.
A baby elephant.
baby elephant.
Two hands putting sugar in a coffee.
Person adding something to a drink.
A chair, pushed into a white table, in front of a coffee maker on a black counter.
The black chair at the table that is closest to the coffee pot.
A hot dog on a bun with ketchup.
A hot dog with ketchup on it, but nothing green.
A cat's reflection in the mirror, looking up.
the reflection of the cat in the mirror.
woman in a black shirt watching volleyball.
A woman in a black shirt behind a man catching a ball.
the groom.
A couple sitting on a colorful bench in dress up clothing.
The woman in the pink shirt.
women playing game.
person in pink shirt behind person in dark glasses.
A lady in pink behind the sticks.
The chair on which a man has both his hands raised up.
A skier in a pink helmet waving at the camera.
A man wearing a grey jacket waving, to the left of two other people.
A Portugal airplane sitting at an airport with a truck under its wing.
A white plane with 'PORTUGAL' on its body.
There is a brown colored chair back of standing man.
An orange armchair behind a man standing in blue jeans.
Brown haired man with no shirt and aring on his finger.
A bare chested man looking in a mirror in a bathroom.
a man in a gray shirt holding a flashlight looking into an oven with another man and woman also looking into the oven.
A loveseat sits in the living room, facing a garage.
Brown leather arm chair.
balding chef.
A male cook, at a resturaunt kitchen bent over finish up an order.
A guy in a grey shirt sitting alone.
A man wearing a grey shirt getting ready to enjoy his delicious pizza.
the lady using the laptop.
a woman on a laptop.
A black Trek commuter bicycle.
A mountain bike.
A woman in a white tank top eating a salad.
woman with ponytail and sunglasses on top of her head.
A boat anchored to the dock with an oar on the seat.
The man with the blue and white jacket.
A linesman stands in the background at a grass court tennis match.
A man wearing a Chicago uniform that is looking straight ahead at the camera.
the baseball player on the left.
blue wine glass.
A blue glass to the back left of a white plate.
The fold up chairs in front.
A row of collapsible lawn chairs in multiple colors.
A man in a suit with a silver bracelet eating food while holding a napkin.
A man in a black suit holding a napkin while eating something.
The wooden table on the bottom left side of the picture.
A small wooden table with a lit lamp on it.
A woman laying down next to a cat.
A woman laying next to her cat.
The wooden frame of the chair the cat is sitting on.
Light wooden chair.
A red color box is on the tray.
A trolly which is covered fully.
blue umbrella on right.
A blue umbrella has chairs and tables underneath it.
Far right dark brown polo pony.
The horse on the far right.
A blue bus turning on a street.
The meal with chicken patties and broccoli.
A container with chicken nuggets and broccoli in it.
A comfortable checkered chair close to the door.
A couch near a wooden wall.
the slice of bread on the left of the photo.
Corner of white bread on far left of sandwich.
The man in the middle.
A young man with a baseball glove and red Atlanta Hawks T-shirt.
the vase in the left.
The container on the left of the table when looking straight at the picture.
The older of the two girls.
girl on left.
The woman on the right.
The girl with the racket in the photo on the right.
parley.
A white bowl filled with parsley.
A dining table with chairs.
wooden dining room table surrounded by cloth-seated chairs.
A girl in the background wearing a red shirt.
a person in a red shirt.
An orange pumpkin cake sitting on a square tin foil sheet about to be cut by a woman.
the cake meant to look like a pumpkin directly in front of the woman.
Large propeller plane landing on a runway.
A white airplane.
A man in black shorts holding a towel.
The man with the yellow and white towel.
The woman with the blue hat on.
the woman with a black hat.
The drinking glass that is mostly obstructed by the glass of the candle.
The glass the person is dipping the food on the end of the fork in.
A marine in uniform holding his bride in front of the wedding cake.
man in uniform.
A jet plane flying between two fighter jet planes.
A military plane, in between two other smaller planes.
THERE IS ONE WHITE COLOR AND YELLOW COLOR BORDORED BUS STANDING ON THE ROAD.
Yellow City Bus.
The man.
An Asian man in a tux with a concerned look.
plate on first picture.
the top left square.
There is an elephant standing farthest right in the picture.
Half of an elephant's head on the right side.
The little girl with th blue shirt.
The little girl holding a tennis racket.
A baseball player wearing the number 24 jersey about to hit the ball.
a man with 24 on hin.
A man prepares milk shake with the help of hand blender.
A man wearing glasses blending a drink.
A buttefly shaped park bench.
bench made of butterfly wings.
The horse in the left.
the horse that is on the left.
the pink umbrella behind the girl.
Pink flora table umbrella, upper right hand corner of picture.
A black chef in a hotdog place.
A black man behind orange drinking cups.
A young girl wearing a pick jacket standing behind a fence.
Girl wearing pink jacket.
A boy on red jacket eating food.
a young child in a red coat eating food.
A woman in a brown pullover sipping a glass of white wine.
the woman on the far right drinking.
The man who is pointing his thumb at the woman behind him.
A man showing expression using his thumb.
A man in a suit.
A man holding a Coca Cola.
A bear soaked with water with its' front left paw raised.
the dark brown bear in the water.
A black man in a red shirt.
An African American tennis player watching another player return a ball.
A bowl of ranch dressing surrounded by vegetables.
Ranch dressing dip with a plate of vegetables, mushrooms, carrots, and broccoli.
A large piece of red luggage on the floor.
The red suitcase on the floor.
The tall black suitcase directly behind man in striped shirt and cap.
A trolley suitcase which is near by the man.
the food in the skillet.
Pizza with olives and red sauce in a cast iron pan, being lifted with a spatula.
A man wearing a black shirt with Stewie Griffin on it.
The man on the right.
A happy young girl bites into a piece of fruit.
A cute girl eating a green apple.
the man in air on the far right picture.
A long piece of sliced carrot.
A black and grey keyboard.
A Computer Keyboard on the table.
The lady throwing the frisbee.
A blonde woman about to throw a frisbee.
A woman holding her child while the child pets a horse.
A woman holding a baby.
A piece of broccoli that is farthest to the right from the others.
The singled out piece of broccoli laying to the right of the rest of the broccoli.
A yellow train with the name pacificnational.
A yellow train.
tennis racket held by a woman.
The racket being held by the woman.
The bottle.
The chair which is above the dog.
the bus seat over the dog.
The mobile phone with a number 2125 towards the top right side.
A gray, feature style cell phone with a blue screen lit up next to a slider style cell phone.
The teddy bear on the left.
The teddy bear with short fur only.
A fireman dresses in his uniform walking away from the scene.
A firefighter walking on the street.
A empty spot of a pizza pie showing the wooden block.
a slice of pizza partially removed from the rest of the pizza.
The vehicle in front of the red car.
A dark car in front of a red car.
The rye sandwich half that doesn't have a bite taken out of it.
left portion of sandwich closest to pickle.
A man in white catching a frisbee.
A man in dark jeans is catching a Frisbee.
Gray mother tabby cat laying on couch.
A large tabby cat laying next to a kitten.
microwave facing the other way.
microwave in middle, with white back.
a small bowl in third from the right.
A white candle-holder with a shape that widens upward, between a wider holder to its left and one that flares toward the bottom on its right.
A fork that is closest to the cellphone.
A bunch of broccoli next to other veggies being sold by a street vendor.
A large pile of broccoli at a farmers market.
pizza with blob of white cheese in middle.
pizza onwhite.
The black backpack.
a black back bag.
a girl in a white shirt.
A white female in a white shirt and dark patterned board shorts.
cucumber and tomato sandwiches that are by the cup of cream, bottom right of tray.
the two triangular sandwiches next to the butter.
A blonde dog standing on brown brick stones.
A tan colored dog standing on a stone walkway in front of stairs.
An older lady with glasses with her arm outstretched holding a white video game motion controller.
the old lady who is playing wii.
the man between the referee and batter.
A baseball catcher in front of a baseball umpire.
refrigerator doors decorated by pictures and magnets.
A silver refrigerator containing pictures and magnets.
A zebra with its head up and another zebra behind it.
A common zebra meanders around a grassy plain.
A man in a polo shirt and khaki shorts talking on a telephone.
a man  holding a phone to his ear.
A falling horse.
A brown and white horse falling.
The person with a book in her arms behind the lady holding the phone up.
a tall glass of beer on a table.
a glass of beer.
the toilet has it's seat up.
Toilet on the left with both lids up.
A skier wearing a red jacket and carrying a red and gray backpack.
A woman in a red jacket, wearing a backpack and carrying skis up a snowy hill.
Moss ball planter with green and white leaves growing in it.
Roots of a plant that is wrapped up.
There is a man on he screen of the television.
A man in a red shirt on a computer monitor.
The pizza on the plate.
A pizza with onions.
vase on right in the back.
An old and artistic looking vase.
man standing next to dog holding something green in hand.
The man throwing the frisbee.
A cow walking.
A black and white photo of a cow.
the man in the black shirt.
A man in a black shirt.
A man in shorts sitting on some steps.
Worker with shorts, vest and black cap sitting down on some stairs.
man in image on right.
Man holding tennis ball about to serve, to the right of other tennis player.
A man wearing a collared green shirt.
An older man with a green polo shirt eating at a table with two others.
Black wicker chair with chrome arms.
The empty chair on the left.
A black and white zebra with spiky zebra hair.
Zebra standing in front of brown posts.
A brown horse in front of another.
Horse farthest from building.
A man with white shorts and dark top standing between two tennis players at a tennis court.
A man in white shorts and a black shirt with a necklace on.
The picture of the bear that's located in the upper right corner.
The upper slice of sandwich on the right plate.
the less toasted of the two sandwiches.
A woman on a wakeboard in a black suit behind the other woman.
A woman with a black wet suit top.
The horse on the left closest to the water.
a dark brown horse walking on the beach.
A boy in a white shirt on a skateboard.
The guy in white riding the skateboard.
A man holding a TV remote control.
A man with khaki pants holding television remotes.
A green container of food between two other containers.
Bread and potatoes in a green bowl.
A smiling man wearing a striped tie.
The man on the left.
Half of a green apple with the seed in the middle.
the apple half on the right.
A ship.
Large ship.
A bus waits behind another bus at the bus stand.
bus far left bottom corner.
cup with a laughing cat on it.
a coffee mug with a cat on it.
The woman shown laughing and sitting on the chair.
A woman sitting down and smiling.
Fruit salad in the plate at the dining table.
bowl of peaches.
bowl of cat food.
The bowl that the two cats are eating food out of.
woman with tennis racket case.
Woman with white jacket and a tennis racket case.
a blue suitcase sitting on other items of luggage.
blue piece of luggage on top of pile.
metal suitcase with long handle on wheels.
A dark brown and metal wheeled suitcase.
The bench facing the camera.
A bench facing away from the trains.
the bent over giraffe.
A lighter colored giraffe whose leaning its head into branches.
bed with dogs on it.
A bed with a dog laying on its back.
A giraffe to the left of the other giraffe.
A slice of pizza with the crust closest to the computer mouse.
A piece of pizza which is very close to the mouse.
A bald man in brown coat with grinning face.
A smiling man with a bald head and brown jacket.
The back end of a double Dekker bus with the lion King advertisement on it.
RED DOUBLEHEADER BUS ON ROAD.
fry closest to bbq.
brown chair right side.
A brown chair facing away from the TV.
an upside down apple beneath an orange.
A reddish planter filled with soil and plants just beginning to emerge.
A blue mug at the top of a stack of mugs.
two stacked small blue cups in front of two tins.
Pizza waiting to be cut.
A full piece of pizza with fork and pizza cutter on it.
The Rocker chair with the green cushion, next to the all wooden chair.
A chair in a family room, near the door.
a man wearing a white hat.
Man preparing to catch something.
A boy in a blue bathrobe standing on a blue chair holding an electric toothbrush.
A boy holding a brush.
A boy wearing a white shirt and black shorts.
Man making motions with his fingers wearing white shirt and black shorts with number 15 on the leg.
woman wearing black shirt and black pants.
a woman wearing black that is in the background behind the child.
The purple dressed girl sitting in the last.
the girl in a pink coat.
A young woman standing infront of a horse with a yellow t-shirt and a moustache painted on her face.
A woman in a yellow shirt.
Bed with the pillow in it.
The bed with the brown pillow on it.
stationary black motorcycle ridden by someone wearing dark boots and clothing.
A black motorcycle with a man in black sitting on it.
A girl in a grey hoodie is trying to fly a kite.
girl with blonde hair and white pants.
A cup of coffee to the right of another cup of coffee.
The coffee cup on the right.
picnic table top as seen in the last photo of the sequence.
The table top in the last step of the man converting the table.
a skateboarding boy wearing a blue knit hat.
guy on skateboard on ramp.
The couch with the yellow pillow.
Black leather couch with two pillows.
Man.
A man with a watch on his wrist.
food with a plate kept in a table.
A plate of food on a glass table.
the white sheep on the right.
A white sheep.
A white bowl of red soup beside a sandwich in 2 wedges, and a silver spoon.
A bowl of soup and a sandwich.
an empty patch of black floor.
The black chair in the very bottom right corner.
A finger with a long nail.
The finger.
The pair of legs that belong to the person who's face is completely hidden.
The mysterious floating legs in front of the gamer.
the part of the sofa behind the dog.
a black couch on a wooden floor.
The black leather chair.
White toilet on the right side.
A toilet with the top in the tank underside facing out.
The yellow snowboard being held by the man in the center.
A yellow and green snowboard being held in the air by a first place winner.
A leg of a colored guy with green and black sneakers on.
The leg of the person on the far right.
a man in a grey pullover.
A short, balding man with glasses in a grey sweater.
The back of a girl wearing a pink and white sweater.
A man walking in opposite direction of a boy taking a picture with his phone.
just the horse on the left.
A double decker bus.
A double decker bus in a garage.
A green handled serving utensil in pizza pie.
the pizza slice tool.
The blue motorcycle.
A blue parked motorcycle in the grass.
A brown and white horse carrying a girl and walking along a beach.
A spotted horse with a girl with a pink jacket on its back.
A red, blue and yellow train carts in the middle of a field with brown trees and brown grass.
A goods train with red engine passing through a field.
The part of the couch beneath the legs of the man without glasses.
picture of lady bottom left.
The view of the person where part of the skin of one arm is visible.
A plain cheese and pepperoni pizza.
The pizza on the left.
A man in a red shirt inspecting a parking meter.
A man in red opening up a parking meter.
A horse to the left of another horse.
The black horse on the left with the reigns attached.
A giraffe without its tongue sticking out.
Second giraffe is looking at the lady's hands.
the woman handling bread.
This is a woman with curly hair eating a sandwich.
The yellow and black surf board sits on top of a red and white van.
A man whose reflection is showing in the mirror.
A man in front of mirror, and a tooth brush in mouth.
A Blond woman wearing glasses, a black visor and red shirt.
The woman with a visor in her hair.
blue train.
the train.
Chinese food rests in a blue dish with broccoli and tiny corn.
A dish of food containing broccoli, mushroom, beansprouts and corn.
A man in black walking near horses.
The man in the black leather jacket with no hat on.
The bed that is partially shown.
the white bed to the right of the table.
A man wearing a Calvin and Hobbs shirt standing up to play a Wii video game.
A man wearing a white shirt and jeans with paint on them holding a Wii controller.
the catyou can see it's eyes.
A cat with its eyes showing.
elephant on far right.
The tennis player not wearing a mustache.
A tennis player in all white with racket in left hand  with just handle showing.
Small child plays with toy on sofa.
A baby boy standing in front of a sofa.
Luggage belt with a man in yellow standing on it.
The long, low, flat transport vehicle with a yellow rail.
A man wearing a green cap.
the man with a green hat and white shirt.
A little girl opening a drawer.
A small child in a dress opening a kitchen drawer.
Man with child, catching a frisby.
A man in a t-shirt holding a baby and catching a blue frisbee.
Table set for a young boy's birthday with a Thomas the Tank Engine cake.
A table with lots of glasses and a Thomas the Tank Engine cake on it.
The back of a yellow train car with its two red lights on.
Yellow train taking off.
It is a polar bear standing at the edge of a pond with another polar bear resting it's paw on its head and nose at its ear.
An adult polar bear receiving affection from another adult polar bear.
A man with spectacles wearing navy blue t-shirt.
A laughing man holding a Wii remote.
The standing man in the other room.
A man standing in front of a chair has his back turned to camera.
A Zebra facing right.
the front most zebra.
The blonde woman who is standing back and has on a colorful shirt.
The blonde woman who is standing back and in a colorful shirt.
a blurred pic of a fire engine in an intersection.
The fire engine that can be seen from the side.
A giraffe lying on the ground.
A giraffe sitting on the ground.
The teal seat bottom.
a blue suitcase barely being seen.
The headrest of the man in the background.
Chair behind the donuts.
The headrest seen behind the donuts.
clock reflection.
A black signboard with a telephone number written in gold font.
placemat with gold trim.
White paper placemat.
A brown harness racing horse with the number 7.
A racehorse harnessed to a cart wearing the number 7.
The sink on the left has the cat sitting inside of it.
SINK TO LEFT CAT IS IN.
The black color hip pouch in the hip of the man in white t-shirt.
The black fanny pack on the man's waist whose wearing a white shirt.
The man in the blue shirt whose head is out of the shot.
A man wearing blue pants and plain white shirt and is away from two other people about to slice a cake..
Two dark blue train cars.
The black train engine.
A woman wearing a red striped shirt standing next to 2 dolls.
A woman in a red and white striped shirt between two teddy bears.
A woman in a blue shirt frosting a cake in front of woman holding baby.
The girl at the counter is icing a cake.
a red suitcase with a white bag on it.
A leather love seat behind a table.
The couch sitting in front of the window.
An orange to the right of another orange.
An orange being held by a boy to cover his eye.
tan suitcase man is sitting on.
Pale yellow suitcase with a wide black zipper in the center.
The man with the blue shirt sitting next to the man with the white shirt.
A MAN IN GREY SHIRT IS SMILING AND SITTING WITH HIS FRIEND.
boy in a blue shirt and grey pants pitching a baseball.
a boy was playing.
A laptop that is showing a cartoon.
A laptop displaying a cartoon image with a green background.
A television screen with a cartoon playing.
Cartoon tv show.
A girl with blond hair and glasses.
A young girl with glasses sitting at a table with an adult.
The stands.
metal bleachers sitting behind a man.
Brocolli florets closest to the camera.
bunch of broccoli in front of the meat.
a big man next to a woman in pink.
a fat old white bald man wearing glasses.
The elephant on the left.
face of an elephant without a bird on its head.
Man in blue shirt.
A man with long hair wearing a blue shirt.
Black and silver bicycle with basket and rack.
A black bicycle with a basket attached to the front.
The broken black umbrella.
A black, wrinkly umbrella outside.
A bird with a smaller beak than the other bird in the picture.
A bird with gray feathers and white throat.
A pretty woman with dark hair and a blue sweatshirt sits on a bench.
A mother sitting in the bench with her child.
A person standing by the street.
A person holding a bag standing on a curb.
A black & white color cat watching through the window.
black-and-white cat.
A woman in green feeding a horse.
A young girl with face paint and red hair feeding an apple to a horse.
A white dog ihn the grass field.
The black and white dog.
skier in orange coat in the right hand picture.
Skier with black pants and orange jacket facing another skier in a green ski suit.
A zebra standing in front of another zebra.
Young zebra in cage in front of another zebra.
The sheep that doesn't have it's face showing.
the horse further from the man in blue.
horse on left.
the half of the sandwhich in the back.
a plane landing.
A girl with her friend wearing a blue dress and sunglasses holding up an umbrella.
A woman holding an umbrella.
The little girl with blong hair sitting up on the couch holding something in her right hand.
A GIRL BABY.
Military flight number 854 in yellow handle.
Two airplanes in a field with yellow wings and red and white striped tails. One in numbered 001 and the other 854.
A man in between two other people wearing a camouflage toboggan.
the middle guy in the right hand picture.
Black chair in an airport in which a passenger sitting with his luggage for his flight.
A BLACK COLOR CHAIR NEXT TO THE WHO A MAN SITTING AND HOLDING TEDDY BEAR TOY AND TRAVELLER BAG.
A woman wearing floral dress preparing food in kitchen.
breast area of a woman in floral design shirt.
The elephant on the left had one foot on the back of another elephant.
An elephant who is standing on one leg.
A green and red pot statue with crossed arms.
A ceramic jar formed into a person crossing their arms.
Two men walking down the beach holding surfboards.
Two people in wet suits walking along the beach carrying their surfboards.
A bowl of carrots with dip in the middle.
Small bowl of carrots with hummus in the middle of the bowl.
A man sitting cross legged with his laptop.
A woman in a black shirt on a laptop.
A man in a gray shirt watching a skateboarder.
a guy with a brown shirt and blue jeans.
man wearing jacket with striped sleeves.
A man wearing a black jacket and jeans holding an umbrella in the rain at an outdoor market.
A square white flower pot.
The square plant pot behind the round pot.
Chair the person on right is sitting on.
A white old fashioned scooter.
mint green antique scooter.
giraffe on right.
The purple bear behind and to the right of the yellow one.
The pink stuffed animal in the background.
A white bowl containing vegetables.
the bowl with salad.
Man wearing red eating a donut.
A WOMAN WEARING RED COLOUR T-SHIRT EATING A SWEET.
The backside of the biggest elephant.
Back of an adult elephant with two baby elephants flanking it.  One baby elephant has spikey brown hair.
The woman on the right with her face in her hand.
A woman with her hand over her face.
Cow inside of a stall.
The head of a dark brown cow.
A tennis player in a blue shirt.
Woman in blue shirt looking at blonde woman.
A large, entirely black, cow.
The black cow in the background looking away.
The train in the middle of the tracks.
The shorter of the two trains.
left most apple in the image.
A red apple on the left side of another and underneath another apple.
A man wearing a red and white scarf.
A man looking at the camera wearing a red and white striped scarf.
A jockey with a diamond green helmet riding a horse.
This is the man in 2nd place.
A giraffe farthest from the water stares into the distance.
A giraffe looking into the distance that is to the left of another giraffe that is looking at it.
A red couch with a gray laptop and pillow on top next to a pink couch.
red couch on left.
A man in a swimming outfit water skiing.
Man facing away from camera wakeboarding.
laptop monitors on right and front one.
A red snowboard held by a man with another man upside down.
a red snowboard on a man's feet.
Baseball bat being held by Boston Redsox player.
A black painted wooden baseball bat.
An elephant standing infront of another and wrapping its' trunk around the other's face.
THE BIG ELEPHANT IN THE LEFT.
A brown and black dog laying on the blue blanket.
dog on left.
A woman carrying a gray bag.
A lady in a blue shirt sits on a brown bench holding her purse in front of her.
The sheet the back baby is laying on.
white sheet.
The cup of coffee on the right.
A beverage sitting a tray next to a pastry with yellow frosting.
batter no. 10.
man batting at the plate.
A man jumping in the air to catch a yellow frisbee.
A man jumping up on top of a neon colored Frisbee.
the back horse in the right hand picture.
A white and a brown horse standing in a field.
A horse and a foal.
Woman with a camera.
woman holding camera.
A bighorn sheep standing on the rocks right above another bighorn sheep.
A ram with short horns standing above a ram with longer horns.
The chocolate piece of cake.
A slice of chocolate cake.
A bunch of red apples.
A baby elephant.
An elephant with it's mouth open.
A wicket keeper who is sitting and ready to catch the ball.
the catcher.
A teenage boy wearing a black tie standing to the left of another young male.
A man standing in front of door wearing purple colour shirt.
A yellow apple in the middle of the other two apples.
A yellow apple between 2 other apples.
Pizza in the background.
A pizza on the back of the tray.
A tan couch will pillows.
A tan sofa couch with sun shining on it.
A bed on which a boy is sitting.
The bed sheet the boy is sitting on.
The baby with the pink tooth brush.
the baby girl.
baby elephant.
A small elephant is curious.
A silver truck is parked behind an old truck.
The front of a white truck parked behind another truck.
the car with the food in the trunk.
Commercial catering truck on the street with a girl standing on the street carrying a purse.
Back of chair the toddler is sitting on.
Chair back by window.
A girl with her hair pulled back in a black shirt playing the Wii.
A lady in a black color dress.
A black and silver stove top.
an electric stove with a flat top.
A bicycle is besides the BULLET bike.
The bicycle that is leaning against the armrest of the red bench.
Woman in blue skirt and black sweater holding a pink umbrella.
The woman wearing a purple skirt.
the sofa on which the man is sitting.
the couch in which the man is sitting.
The blue shirt umpire is keenly watching.
empire wears a blue shirt and gray pants squats behind  a man.
A clock on the wall with numbers 1 through 12 on it showing a time of 1:30.
A clock on wall showing time 1:30 PM.
Woman in blue pants and white shirt holding surfboard.
Woman in a white shirt and blue pants.
Smiling woman in brown sitting next to a man.
A woman in a brown shirts plays video games with an older man.
a black smudge in the top left corner.
A man's leg only visible.
a fridge door.
A white fridge door.
a woman holding a remote wearing striped pants.
A woman in a green shirt sitting on the couch with a boy to the right and a girl in the floor in front of her.
Traffic intersection lights is covered in snow.
Stop lights covered in snow.
Pole on a green umbrella.
Green umbrella and its pole.
The back left side of a white car and black tire behind a black metal sign.
the rear of a white toyota camry.
A skier wearing a blue and black outfit.
A person in a black and blue coat.
A metal bowl of brown sauce.
the bowl with brown sauce in it.
train.
A train as view from the rear.
A young man wearing glasses.
A man in a green and white long sleeve shirt leaning against a counter.
A woman sitting down on a couch looking at a MacBook laptop.
A woman on a couch using a laptop.
A lady in a black suit.
A woman in a black suit eating a sandwich.
a black and white tv on the back.
An old TV monitor beside a man.
A skateboarder jumping in midair.
A man wearing a yellow helmet while skateboarding.
The man in the top hat.
old man sitting next to his wife in a horse-drawn sleigh.
A CHAIR WITH BEIGE COLORED CUSHIONS IN THE CORNER OF THE ROOM.
A chair with a white cushion and a matching ottoman.
A Train is standing in the platform.
electric train  in track.
The little boy playing the game.
A young child with curly hair holding a Wii remote.
A boy on a skateboard.
A man bending towards front and trying to skat on the board.
A girl with red hair and blue shirt looking at a guy in a gray shirt.
a girl in a blue tanktop.
A sandwich in the person's left hand.
the sandwich that is facing horizontal in the man's left hand.
Bowl of strawberries.
a white bowl of strawberries.
A silver motorcycle on the right.
A motorcycle, all you can see are the headlights of it.
a bus was in green colour.
green bus underneath sign.
a frisbee player standing behind the man with the frisbee.
a man looking at the man with the frisbee.
Bed at the waiting room.
A large bed with pillows.
A woman in a pink hat, dark jacket, and boots looking at her cell phone.
A woman wearing a pink hat, blue jackets, leggings and boots looking a her mobile device.
bench under players on left.
a green bench that three players are sitting on.
The woman on the left wearing a black top, eating a slice of pizza.
A woman about to eat a slice of pizza.
the player running to base.
The back of a baseball player running.
Partially taken chair inside a family home.
man in the right most side the image with black jacket.
The man to the right of the water glass.
The carrots.
A guy with glasses wear a DC hat.
A man wearing a blue shirt and black sunglasses.
A person in a black helmet riding a red motorcycle.
A man in white and black riding a red motorcycle wearing a black helmet.
A green chair with a brown stain on the seat.
an empty green chair and a shadow of the person taking the picture.
A women wearing a red shirt looking at a cell phone held by another women.
A woman seeing.
A dog running with a pink frisbee.
dog holding a frisbee.
the wooden chair to the left.
The chair to the left of another chair.
A stool who barely has any legs visible.
white stool on the left.
a black bag that is closest to you in this photo.
Black messenger bag sitting ont he ground next to an old mountain dew bottle and several other pieces of luggage and brown bag.
The white bowl on the lower right hand corner.
The bowl of creamy white stuff with the blue flowers on it.
a brown and blonde horse with a cop on it.
Man in a striped blue shirt with a red tie.
The man wearing the tie.
A man with glasses and a striped shirt.
the guy with his arms on the table.
A pink donut.
a fake pink doughnut.
A lamb walking forwards.
A baby lamb.
The cat laying on the white blanket.
Cat lying on a white blanket next to his owner while the owner sleeps.
An orange that is to the left of another orange.
An orange sitting to the left of another orange.
A small child in a red coat.
a little boy in a red jacket learning to ski.
a green vase on a wooden shelf.
green vase holding flowers.
A toddler or baby holding its arms up.
a baby in a bib.
A bowl of vegetables on a table.
A green mixed green salad.
A boy wearing blue and white striped socks and red shorts.
A boy kicking a soccer ball.
Black SUV section to left of tree.
A child sleeping.
baby laying on bed.
blurry motorcycle.
The back tire on the motorcycle to the right.
a man in a gray shirt holding a blue coat.
A man in between two other people holding ski poles and some blue cloth wearing yellow boots.
lady in the left side with black jacket.
A lady in brown fuzzy winter boots, black winter jacket, and a grey and red winter hat looking down.
A open red umbrella stuck in the sand.
Red umbrella with the number 7 on it, placed at some lawn chairs at a beach.
Clear wine glass sitting in the middle of the table.
A wine glass sitting on a table with a faint residue of red wine at the bottom.
YOUNG LADY WITH BLONDE HAIR SITTING ON BENCH.
The woman in red sitting on the bench.
A man wearing a  blue shirt, gray cap, and glasses.
The man in the brown cap, glasses, and blue shirt.
A person doing a trick on a skateboard.
A skateboarder performing a kick-flip.
The table that the plate is on.
A red and white checkered table with two wooden chairs.
Attractive, country style, red-check round tablecloth.
A giraffe sitting in the middle of a grassy field and looking straight at the camera.
the right giraffe.
giraffe on the most right.
A giraffe to the right of other giraffes.
A open red umbrella with a person laying on a towel in front of it.
The top of a red umbrella on a beach.
a big travel bag.
A trolley bag kept on the bottom of the luggages.
The woman in glasses sitting at the table.
A woman with glasses and a purple shirt is having a meal.
A very long brown couch.
large brown sofa behind table.
2 cat beds.
two cats in their beds.
A brown and white zebra eating grass.
Zebra eating grass from the ground.
A young man on a skateboard in a skate park.
a skateboarder.
A pair of skis held by a woman in a red jacket.
The giraff standing behind another giraff.
The left giraffe.
A baby in the arms of a woman.
An infant being held by a woman.
A pair of potted plants.
the potted plant with long green leaves.
a metal and black taped baseball bat.
blurry baseball bat behind a batter.
The giraffe only half shown.
Shot of giraffe but only the left shoulder and leg.
closed umbrella second from the left.
The second umbrella from the left.
A smaller laptop sitting next to a larger laptop on a desk with other gadgets.
A piece of broccoli.
A broccoli in the plate.
green plant on top of the sandwich.
dill garnish.
The elephant in the middle.
The middle elephant of the group.
The old man have a pad.
An older man wearing a yellow shirt and grey shorts getting a plate of food.
An elderly woman with grey hair, holding a black and white dog.
elderly woman in red jacket petting dog.
The giraffe that is standing closest to the stone wall that is facing the camera.
A giraffe out on the shades.
A large military style dark green helicopter.
A LARGE HELICOPTER SITTING IN A HANGAR.
The man eating the banana.
A man have brown cap with red color in centre and he eating banana.
this is an umbrella that happens to be behind the man.
a white parasol on the left.
A young woman with a colorful umbrella looking at her cellphone.
the girl holding the phone.
A man in black standing at baggage claim.
a man in a black vest by a baggage conveyer.
a black cat.
A cat staring at its own reflection.
the lighter cow at the very end.
The head of the cow furthest from the camera.
A white Delta plane stopped at a boarding area.
A Delta airplane is parked at the jetway.
A woman dressed in white holding a small child.
A mother holding her baby.
The black vase with flowers.
A empty part of the vase with no plant.
The folding chair where the woman is sitting next to the boy in glasses.
ICE SKATING MAN.
a man standing next to a woman with goggles on his head getting ready to go skiing.
BOUTQUET OF BEAUTIFUL FLOWERS SITTING ON TABLE.
A bouquet of mostly pink flowers on a table.
A female tennis player on the other side of the chainlink.
tennis player behind the fence.
A giraffe looking at the foresty area with rocks to the right of them.
A blue and yellow train in the middle of two other trains.
A black and yellow train with British flags on the front.
Orange and yellow train parked at the station.
A train engine with no cars sitting at a depot.
Girl wearing a pink dress.
A girl in a pink dress.
White and black stovetop with black burners.
the stovetop.
A woman wearing a blue shirt assists a chef at a grill.
A woman working at a grill directly behind a man working on the same grill who is holding a spatula.
A cat sitting very near and to remote controllers.
The gray cat on the right.
a black dvd case underneath another dvd case.
Two tall flower vases closest to camera and in center of table.
three vases that flow right together.
white cargo truck in background behind group of people.
A white box truck with a light on top.
a woman in a dark blue outfit playing tennis.
player on left.
Girl in the left playing tennis.
White tea cup with flowers on it.
A tea cup with small flowers on it that sits behind cake on plate.
a little girl playing a video game.
A young blonde girl in a short dress playing wii.
Man wearing a suit with a pink tie.
the person with violet tie.
a yellow couch with numerous purses and bags sitting along its three cushions.
A couch with material on top.
a white bed being laid on by a dog.
The bed that the dog is laying on.
boy wearing red coat and blue jeans.
the man in the red sweatshirt.
A gray sheep standing in a field with another sheep near by.
A sheep standing in the field.
The man standing up and pointing.
A woman standing next to a golden fire hydrant.
A woman next to a fire hydrant.
The middle of three touchscreen smartphones with a lime green case.
TABLET WEARING GREEN COLOR SILICON POUCH.
A boy with birthday cakes and candles.
A person in a red sweater.
A GIRL SITTING THE SOFA FRONT OF THE TABLE IS COOLDRINKS.
A young girl in a white shirt sitting at a brown table with salt, pepper, and silverware on top.
a woman.
A girl wearing a gray sweater holding game controller.
A cat that is curled up tightly.
A zebra running at the back of a small pack.
zebra third in line.
A large white vehicle with an orange light on the roof and a blue sign on the side.
The vehicle behind the sign has a blue square on it.
A lady wearing a black T-shirt talking on the phone behind the bus stop.
the woman in the reflection.
Mannequin facing the window and wearing hat.
The menequinn waering only the yellow underwear. no skirt.
skateborder in white shirt.
A skateboarder with a blue helmet.
The lady in the blue shirt.
The man in a long sleeved shirt on the left side.
White boat docked at the harbor.
A large white ship named the "New Hope.".
The skier on the left.
A female skier in a grey top with a while bandanna over her face.
A female is carrying a candle-lit cake.
A lady in a black shirt holding a cake with candles on it.
A woman holds an apple in front of a man with a bow.
A woman in a black dress holds an apple with an arrow in it.
a girrafe facing left.
the front most giraffe behind the bird.
A man in bluejeans and a black sweater.
a man was sittin on chair watching tv.
Adult male wearing a blue shirt, gray shorts, with sunglasses on his head, standing behind the child.
Man in the blue shirt and shorts behind the young boy.
A blue and black bus next to a green and black bus.
Small piece of a light blue bus.
The second largest zebra with its head and front legs visible.
A small bowl of soup filled with broth sitting on a dinner plate.
White bowl with soup.
left skiman standing on snow.
The skier with the silver helmet that is standing.
The car parked closest to the fence.
A blue color car is back side of tennis court.
The full size view of the vase.
The vase on the left hand side.
a brown horse standing near a tan horse.
dark brown horse facing left.
measuring spoons with salt in them on a table next to bowls.
A large sofa to the right of a loveseat.
the man holding the yellow frisbee.
THe man with the frisbee.
A white man wearing a suit, tie and glasses.
A man in a suit wearing glasses and a hat.
man on far corner of couch pointing towards tv.
The man leaning forward.
Empty plate waiting for dish.
An empty white bowl at the edge of the platter.
A dining table with people sitting around it and eating.
man standing beside bed wearing white shirt and black hat.
An Arab man with a black hat and long white shirt.
A man wearing white pants and white sweater is holding a black umbrela.
a man sitting on a bench.
man in the picture.
A older man with balck shiny shoes posing for a picture.
A man with a grey shirt working on the laptop.
A man in a grey shirt using a laptop to the right of another man.
A sparse tree standing behind a pillar.
the tree to the left of the silver pole.
The black car in front of the blue car.
a big sofa in the living room.
A COUCH WITH CUSHION ON TOP IN A LIVING ROOM.
A woman with brown hair setting at a table writing on a tablet in her lap.
Woman in grey shirt near window.
A yellow taxi, which is to the left of another taxi.
the yellow cab closest to the buildings on the left.
A woman brushing her teeth.
a woman brushing her teeth while a man takes her picture.
JUICE GLASS TUMBLER WITH IN THE TABLE.
An orange juice beside a pizza.
A baseball player sliding into the base.
A baseball player in white uniform with the number 41 one on the back of his shirt.
A white male with a white shirt holding a purple tie.
the man holding the tie up.
little boy getting his teeth brushed.
A blonde boy with an orange shirt.
A man in a striped shirt sitting down.
person sitting on right.
glass table.
A clear glass table with a glass cup being held above it.
man with black shorts and blue color t-shirt.
A man holding a corgi.
Plant in the center of the table.
Flowery plant centerpiece.
A bowl of small tomatoes next to the corn.
grape tomatoes in paper lined bowl in middle.
Yellow sunflowers, yellow and white daisies in a black vase.
A large vase containing an assortment of flowers.
The woman who is wearing yellow clothing with a white jacket.
A blonde woman in yellow is carrying her skis.
The brown dog whose tail cannot be seen.
A brown dingy dog looking up at the owner.
The man sitting on the right side of the train car with green pants on.
A person in a hat sitting next to the door.
The back half of a red and white fire truck.
Woman wearing white dress with flowers standing near barricade.
woman in purple looking at camera.
woman sitting in bench.
The little girl in blue.
A kid in a blue shirt holding a cup.
A blonde-haired woman carrying two bags up a flight of stairs.
A blonde girl walking up the stairs.
a mom brushing her baby's teeth.
the woman in white t-shirt.
a boy hand in spoon.
A child holding a fork and knife.
man in blue jacket without the backpack.
the smiling man between the other two skiers.
hotel bed with items on top of it.
The bed has something black laying on it.
a light blue fridge.
A white refrigerator with the word smeg written across it.
A container of dip between an open faced sandwich and a salad.
Salad dressing in a white bowl.
The front bus.
A large red double decker bus.
A book by Kurt Vonnegut below another book.
A thin book underneath another book that is partially opened.
The black suitcase.
A black piece of luggage between two men.
A sky chefs truck is seen in the bottom right corner of the screen.
a woman in a white dress with light colored hair.
A skiier in orange ski shoes with red, white and blue pants.
The skier with orange ski boots.
Person in green shirt across from young boy.
A woman handing a paper to a child.
A man in black playing Wii.
A man in a black t-shirt playing Wii with another man.
White and blue toothbrush beside another toothbrush.
A blue and white toothbrush.
A girl with black tops sitting on the bed.
the dark haired woman sitting crossed leg on the bed.
Catcher of a baseball game kneeling down and wearing a uniform.
#5 man.
A DOG HOLDING THE PLATE CROSSING THE RIVER.
wet brown dog with frisbee in mouth.
a giraffe feeding in a tall tree.
A giraffe extending its head.
A man dressed in shorts on skis.
PERSON ON THE RIGHT.
A piece of broccoli lying crosswise on another piece.
A whoman eating.
a lady trying to eat a food.
A giraffe with a closed mouth.
The giraffe that is taller.
a pizza closest to the hanging utencils.
the pizza in the right.
armchair nearest the door.
a brown wicker chair with red cushions next to an open doorway.
A yellow traffic light on a TAXI sign.
A ellow light that says taxi.
The side of the mattress, not the top of it, but the side showing how thick it is.
A mattress with a pink blanket over it.
A Nice taste of pizza served on table.
The plate with the pizza on it.
The first vase with flowers in it.
A grey cat behind a white cat.
This is a darkly colored cat with green eyes.
A ship in the near distance sailing to the shore.
A boat letting off steam.
giraffe in front of barn door.
A giraffe closest to the door.
The man with the green dragon on his shirt.
A man catching a frisbee.
A plane standing on the field behind the other plane.
Fighter plane behind another.
The top of a white pop open tent covering at a market on the sidewalk.
The white tent top.
A man in a purple shirt playing video games.
An older man playing wii tennis.
A silver Honda Pilot appears to be stopped in traffic.
A GRAY COLOR CAR FOLLOWING TWO CARS IN THE ROAD.
The vehicle on the right.
black car.
A park bench being used to hold up two bikes.
The bench faces the water.
A lady in black shorts taking a picture.
woman taking a picture.
Woman holding two hot dogs in each hand.
A woman holding the hotdogs.
A Toyota truck with a white license plate near its front grill.
The front of a Toyota truck with a sticker on the windshield.
the grey chair against the window.
an adult giraffe eating to the right of a baby giraffe.
giraffe eating above baby giraffe.
mother and a baby lying on a bed.
Woman lying next to a little baby.
Adult playing wii.
A man playing a Wii game with a child.
peeled banana.
Back of woman playing tennis in white dress and white visor.
Woman playing tennis far right of court in a returning stance.
A man wearing ear buds and holding a surf board.
A skateboarder.
A guy playing Wii.
A man in glasses playing a video game with two other people.
a black bicycle being ridden down the street.
a cycle in road.
A man standing near a woman.
a man han in glass.
The gentleman wearing the head phones and looking at a camera.
boy in blue decorating cake.
A boy in a blue t-shirt icing a cakke.
pizza with 5 slices left.
An empty chair at a set table.
a black chair.
A woman in all black that appears to be Hillary Clinton, looking at a war memorial.
woman on right.
A colorful table cloth having food items on it.
Flowered tablecloth visible in front of and to the side of the pizza.
The stoplight facing the right.
a set of 3 traffic lights to the right of another set.
BROWN CHAIR WITH CREAM COLORED CUSHION.
A man in a red shirt playing tennis.
A tennis player in a red shirt swings a racket.
A dinner plate with beef.
A plate with one patty.
A blue vase behind another blue vase.
A blurry picture of a blue case with a plant.
Several pairs of skis propped on a rack.
car immediate behind to the bald man.
A grey metalic painted car that is parked behind the man with black dress.
Table near window.
the back table in the right hand picture.
a table with a blue cloth, holding various dining items.
a large table with a blue tablecloth.
A seated man wearing a black coat.
pin stripe black suit jacket.
The smaller giraffe.
The smaller giraffe that is the camera side of the fence.
A flower vase with a red ribbon.
The vase of flowers at the very right of the group of flower vases.
A Grecian urn with the a man on a horse in a glass case.
A vase picturing several men and a single horse.
A white car in the lot.
white and red colour cars was on parking ariea.
A plant on the floor near a fan.
The plant closest to the couch.
the truck leading the way.
The lead truck.
A black luggage on the very bottom of the cart.
The black suitcase is on the bottom of the luggage cart.
The tallest giraffe in front of the other two giraffes.
Three giraffes in an enclosure, two are standing, one is lying on the ground.
A person in a white shirt bending over.
Darker colored man with white shirt.
A white toothbrush.
The head of a toothbrush in sticking out of a jar.
The bottle with the 2006 sticker.
bottle of wine with green label.
A man wearing a white t-shirt who is playing tennis.
A man in white shirt playing tennis.
A man on skis in the snow.
A man on skis with ski poles.
A medium sized urinal in the middle of two others.
Out of three urinals, this one is set at a middle height.
A woman holding a copper triangle and blue scissors.
A woman in a red jacket poses.
A GREEN AND YELLOW SKATEBOARD WITH WHITE WHEELS.
a yellow skateboard.
A toddler in a blue tutu walks along side her Daddy, who has just arrived home from deployment.
Little girl standing next to the soldier.
A man in a white shirt wearing glasses and holding a baking tray.
a man in a white shirt.
A woman playing tennis.
A woman playing tennis.
A blue and red tie.
A blue necktie that the man with long black hair and glasses is wearing.
man in black on right.
A man in black looking at a group of three men.
the bus on the right.
A White and Blue city bus.
Jacquard patterned chair.
The chair fully visible and infront of the laptop in the centre.
A man carrying skis in a pink and purple outfit in front of two other people.
person in pink and purple right side.
blue transit bus.
Blue bus with Arriva on top side driving past a brick wall.
A blue classic car driving down the street.
An old blue car with a surfboard on top driving down the street.
A toddler sitting in a stroller with the red coat on.
A baby wearing a red shirt and blue pants in a stroller.
The zebra that is further from the camera.
A zebra leaning down to graze.
The person in the middle.
boy with dark hair wearing royal blue coat and t-shirt.
The black phone on the blue box and at the left of other two.
Cell phone to left of other phones.
A green couch with several decorative throw pillows on it.
The light green couch with green pillows on it.
A truck right beneath the "Glass" sign.
pick up truck in front of door with word GLASS on it.
A child in a red and blue striped shirt.
young boy in blue and red t-shirt sitting behind an infant eating birthday cake.
A brown bear.
A brown stuffed teddy bear that is on top of a white teddy bear.
the police bike in the left bottom corner.
The knife to the right of the bowl.
A dark silver knife.
Big elephant on the right.
elephant holding branch.
White leather couch on the left side of the living room.
There is a santa's hat on the off white/tan colored couch.
A man with his back facing the camera with a black jacket.
A man, standing, in a black jacket and facing away from the camera.
A red chair with a black and white throw blanket.
A chair with a blanket draped over the side.
A slightly overweight older man pinning a sheep down.
A large man in black tank top and blue jeans bent over shearing a sheep.
A little girl wearing a blue hat and a yellow t-shirt in the backround.
A child wearing a blue hat and a yellow shirt.
Pizza cutter slicing a small pizza.
A pizza is being cut by a pizza wheel.
The cycle standing in the middle of other two cycles which is on stand.
A red Bicycle in front of the lady without a driver.
Blue and orange wetsuit on woman.
a woman surfing.
A man holding his arm up.
A man raching for the sky.\.
a sweet foo in an orange bowl.
The snack in the orange container.
a lady with stripes on the back of a motorcycle.
lady dry humping biker.
A skateboard that is perched on top of a ledge and being used by a boy.
A skateboard.
giraffe facing camera.
The giraffe on the left that is facing foward.
The bed on the right with a multi colored striped sheet.
The cot on which a man is lying with striped bed sheet.
A white van to the right of another white van sits behind a carriage.
the van that is parked to the right.
A woman wearing a blue jacket holding a tennis raquet.
Woman in a blue sweater.
A drink sitting next to a blue plate.
A glass filled with a drink.
a young boy in the background, wearing a black vest and yellow sweater, holding on to an object in his right hand.
boy wearing black vest.
the man in the or broad picture.
A man in a purple tie to the right of another identical picture.
small cow laying down.
The front most cow to the right of other cows.
This is a man in a blue pinstripe shirt holding a wine glass.
A man wearing a striped button shirt.
horse in the middle of two others.
A black horse that is standing in the middle of the other two horses.
A man in a pink shirt with a number 8 on it.
The man with the 8 on his chest.
The skis of the jumper.
Skiing blades  on a man's feet.
A WOODEN CHAIR FACING THE DESK.
a wood chair by a desk and window.
two people on bench.
Two women sitting on a bench.
A white sheep standing in the pasture next to a sitting sheep.
the front most goat.
Man in a yellow shirt and khaki pants faced away from the camera on the left.
Khaki pants standing behind the woman with the dog.
a kite flying above a circular kite.
The kite above the round kite.
bed that is closest to the camera.
bed on the right.
The wrought iron chair in the background.
The chair in the the top left corner.
An outside chair that is not occupied at a restaurant.
bike which man is sitting on.
A bicycle without the front bar.
A sheep being held by a man in a hat, and another in a brown shirt.
the goat nearest to the camera.
A vase between two pairs of smaller objects.
The biggest vase,  on the top glass shelf.
the sitting  table  kept on ground.
a bench on the side walk.
A bride with red hair sitting on a bench.
woman sitting on white bench in white dress.
the car trunk in the foreground next to the colored bannister.
The back of a black car parked against the pole.
Man washing his hands in a public restroom.
Man watching his hands, not his reflection.
The blue ceramic vase.
A blue decorative piece sits on a brown table.
a lap in the lap of a man.
A laptop and some hands.
a food on tabule.
A slice of pizza with three olives on an otherwise empty pan.
long sausage in bun with onions wrapped in paper.
A large hot dog.
The car in the back row that is on the far right side.
a horse in brown color is riding with a boy.
Brown horse with saddle with young jockey is present in the image.
A player with white t-shirt, watching his team mate defending the football.
A brown leather stool the man is sitting on.
the brown thing the man is sitting on.
the car on the left.
The rear of the SUV facing the giraffe.
The silver laptop on the right.
the tallest giraffe.
The giraffe furthest to the right.
A large brown sheep next to a smaller white sheep.
Sheep eating grass to the right.
Girl with black pants and white shirt laying in a hammock.
A girl laying beside a younger boy laughing.
The photo of the man with glasses.
the ad behind the laptop with the man with the glasses.
the boy who is #9.
A boy in baseball uniform with a 9 on the back.
A creme and green color double decker bus.
An orange double-decker bus displaying Ipswich.
blue canoe with tg 14 tag.
A boat with blue trim and a sign that says TG 14.
the bird creature that is standing to the right of the other one.
bird in the middle.
A white swivel monitor.
A desktop computer monitor.
The giraffe farthest back in the group, who is looking forward, just in front of the giraffe looking off into the distance.
A monitor with a mostly black background.
A computer screen with one window open.
A white dog with black spots playing in the snow.
Black and white dog playing in the snow.
the giraffe closest to the camera.
The partially visible woman with short black hair to the left of the couple.
the girl standing towards the left with white dress in the left most side of the image.
A person with black t-shirt, standing in front of bathroom mirror with brush in his mouth.
A reflection of a man brushing his teeth.
A man holding a can of red bull.
A man leaning into his friends wearing a black sweatshirt and gray pants and holding a red bull can.
A white colored truck parked near two other vehicles.
The front of a white bus parked in a parking lot.
The bigger zebra standing with the baby.
The adult zebra.
Man playing Shuttle who wearing White T-Shirt.
A man serving a tennis ball.
The doughnut at the bottom.
A white photography lamp and the man standing under it.
watch.
A clock on a building is ticking.
A butter knife laying on a slice of vegetable pizza.
a butter knife.
A first yellow color banana is ready to serve.
The farthest left banana of the bunch.
black SUV behind another.
black svu behind the man.
THERE IS ONE PERSON WEARING RED DRESS IS WEARING SKATE BOARD ALONG WITH ANOTHER PERSON.
man on left side ready to skate with red shirt.
husband of that lady.
A man wearing a white shirt.
The ultimate frisbee player in the white shirt.
a man in a white shirt and black shorts jumping for a frisbee.
A fat old man wearing blue shirt and with a brown cup at a dining table.
a fat man in a blue shirt.
All of the boy wearing a blue shirt, black shorts and dirty shoes.
A young boy inside a house holding a Wii controller in both hands.
A woman reaching into a cupboard.
A woman wearing a black top opening the cabinet.
a girl with a red frisbee.
A child holding a frisbee at waters edge.
A hotdog wrapped up with eyes and sitting higher on the plate than the other hotdogs.
blue stuffed bear.
A blue stuffed animal bear, with lighter blue feet.
the airplane facing left in the right hand picture.
The large jet in the back of the Alaska plane.  It also says Virgin on it.
A glass of orange juice near other breakfast items.
A glass of orange juice next a cup of coffee and a plate of croissants.
the man looking up in athletic sneakers.
person wearing blue shorts and t-shirt flying kite.
large tan horse on left of smaller horse.
The big light brown horse.
green plants in the park with the arm of a woman in red.
A calf walking walking behind a man, nearest to the curb.
The animal closest to the grass.
A gray remote behind a black remote.
three brown bananas with two stickers.
The plantain that is in the middle of the two that have stickers on them.
A man in a button up shirt standing next to a motorcycle.
a man standing in a parking lot.
The smaller giraffe.
The shorter giraffe staring straight towards the camera.
Person with grey shirt on wearing bracelet.
The arm of a person who is standing near someone showing a plate of pasta.
Man holding a flip phone taking a picture of him and his date,.
A man holding a cell phone.
This is an out of focus man in a white shirt.
BACK POSITION OF THE MAN IN WHITE COLOR DRESS.
Painting of a black haired woman.
The drawaing of a woman with black hair, hands up, looking to the right.
A gentleman with blazer posing to the photo.
A man in a gray jacket with a dark tie.
A woman in a striped blouse playing video games.
a lady palying game on tv with remote.
a dark brown wooden dinning table.
A big Brown diner table.
A long brown dining table.
the chair on the right.
Chair back pictured behind beers.
A man skiing with one arm up in the air.
A man in black overall with white buttons skiing.
man wearing green shirt and blue jeans sitting on bed.
A man in a green shirt.
A man in a blue hat skateboarding.
Guy on skateboard in white tank top.
A shorter, smiling woman dressed in a black commencement gown and cap.
A woman wearing a motarboard and graduation robe.
A TOASTED GREEN BROCCOLI IN THE FIRST PLACE.
the food that is to the left.
MAN WITH BALCK AND WHITE CHECK SHIRT SHOWING THE RESULT.
Older man in plaid shirt throwing a paper in the trash.
A gray cow grazing with two other cows.
The greyish cow on the left.
The round pizza on the right.
White platter without brown food on it.
Empty plate on left.
A black Samsung laptop next to a white Apple computer.
A black Samsung laptop on a table with a green circular sticker on it.
A light brown table.
round wooden table with food on it.
woman.
A woman laying in the bed with a man watching something a the laptop.
A white horse with a man in a white shirt on its back os drinking from a fountain.
A white horse drinking water.
the baby zebra is standing beside his parent.
A baby zebra standing by its mother.
a blond male child wearing a green and white checkered shirt.
Little boy on the side of the road playing with a water hydrant.
A green palm plant.
palm tree in pot.
A child standing in front of a woman while holding the woman's hand and a tennis racket.
A small baby girl holding a tennis racket and her mother's hand.
A blue and white bus on the road.
Travel express bus, silver.
A curious zebra walking towards a mother and son.
A giraffe looking at a woman and her kid.
A man wearing spectacle help his child to play with the toys.
woman hand hanging the things in wall.
Part of booth chair that has beer in front of it.
A public bench behind a large pot of yellow and indigo flowers.
A park bench next to some flowers.
The bus labeled 6033 in front of the yellow trolley.
The white MUNI bus in the foreground.
A woman holding a striped towel.
Woman on the right holding a towel.
A glass of a dark beverage.
A clear glass of dark colored liquid.
A young man in a blue shirt sitting on a bench.
a man wearing a blue shirt.
A black and white minature horse pulling a small carriage.
a black and white horse pulling a cart with a man in it.
a person in an orange jacket throwing a frisbee.
A person wearing an orange jacket throwing a frisbee in the woods.
The motorcycle with the yellow tag.
A motocrycle facing the opposite direction of other bikes.
Yellow car parked on a hill with tinted windows.
A white sedan parked at a slight incline.
The right upper front part of the apple.
An apple in the top right of the photo.
Two grizzly bears fighting in a river.
A large brown bear with its mouth closed.
A man using a butane lighter to light candles On a white frosted cake with red raspberries.
man lighting cake candles.
The elephant in the middle with the backside facing the camera.
The elephant behind the mother and baby.
A guy on a skateboard.
a man ollieing on a skateboard.
a sausage on the right.
a sausage on the right.
The guy in a brown shirt.
a man with a glass.
man with brown t-shirt.
bike in the left top of the image.
The furthest left motorcycle.
A bench upon which a man in white shorts and a black shirt is sitting.
bench being sat on by man.
the back sofa in the group of three.
white linen table cloth.
A table with many people around it.
Number 16 player.
soccer player in blue.
A container of meat and broccoli.
The dish with the flax seeds.
The outline of a chair at a restaurant.
The back of a silver metal chair in a restaurant.
A boy wearing green pants playing a video game.
A boy in a blue hoodie and green pants.
A bowl of blueberries.
bowl of blueberries.
A skateboarder.
A long haired man riding a skate board.
Red dirt bike parked on the dirt.
A red motorcycle with its kickstand holding it up.
The suitcase on top of all the other suitcases.
a medium sized suitcase on top of two other suitcases.
The shorter plant to the top of the couch, but not including it's reflection.
The left most palm tree behind the couch.
HAND HOLDING REMOTE.
A hand holding a remote.
The clear vase and the flowers that are on the left.
The purple and white bouquet on the left.
Man walking with yellow and white wakeboard.
a man holding a yellow surf board.
blue train.
A blue train on the tracks.
This is an old bus.
a blue and white bus sitting outside.
A yellow trailer.
Yellow flat trailer with many wheels.
A small piece of pink meat across from a bigger piece of meat.
smallest chunk of meat.
A horse who's face can be seen.
The horse looking at the cycles.
Cake behind chocolate cake.
A cake without a cherry behind a cake with a cherry.
Tall person on a paddle board by an elephant.
a man standing on top an elephant.
The portion of the train to the right of the sign.
An umbrella with a hello kitty design.
A black and white picture of an umbrella.
The nearest seagull.
the painted seagull in nearer than the other seagull.
A woman wearing shorts and a white sweater pushing a baby carriage.
a woman wearing a sweater and shorts pushing a baby stroller.
the top oven that doesn't have the light on next to the cook.
A woman with her hair down eating a meal.
A woman with dark hair worn down.
an old truck behind a tree.
truck behind the tree.
A cage of white and black puppies.
A small white plane is on the ground in front of the larger plane.
Small white plane with its tail propped on an orange crate.
A white hotel bed by the window.
A bed.
Old red truck.
red truck.
the man in the jacket.
Man with short hair is taking off his jacket while sitting on a bench.
a clean plate with fruit design.
A plate with no food on it.
a red colour bus in the bustand.
A orange color irizar bus standing.
an elephant behind another elephant.
right side elephant.
The taller giraffe that is next to a shorter one in the front of it.
A brown bird standing above two other brown birds.
A little brown bird behind the two another bird.
A large pot of cooked stew on the table.
A bowl of corn and carrots soup.
man with beard.
A man with a beard.
Chair behind woman in grey.
A black folding chair on a hardwood floor.
An impressionistic painting of a man with coat and hat holding flowers.
Man in painting.
A black umbrella.
The umbrella.
A dark grey tie to the left of three other ties.
the tie on the left.
wine glass closest to black clip.
a chair behind a grey laptop.
Empty chair at the corner of a wall with a plant next to it.
The bowl with the food in it.
A mixture of veggies with dressing.
stainless steel fork and spoon.
a fork and sponn.
The boy in the orange coat and black beanie.
young boy wearing orange coat and black cap.
A silver laptop keyboard and touchpad.
Silver keyboard from a MacBook laptop showing part of the screen and trackpad.
The end of a bed right behind a desk, with another bed to the left.
A blue camouflage kite.
There is a kite flying in the air.
The clock face on the left.
A starwars backpack.
A star wars kids back pack.
The upper level seating bench in a gym.
Boy in blue t-shirt at a skate park.
The umpire.
the umpire is wearing a black shirt.
the man whos head is hidden in the right hand picture.
A kitchen worker behind the dish of food.
A man holding a plate, with an eating utensil in his mouth.
A man with a spoon in his mouth.
The skis that are under the seated child in front.
Skis on a man pushing a boy in a sled.
The sandwich half in the center of the plate.
hoggie sandwich that is closest to purple bowl.
A brown cow standing between two other cows.
A picture of a brown cow in the middle of a total of three cows on the grass.
Toothbrush that is not a reflection.
A green toothbrush in a bathroom.
hand resting on rail.
two fingers and a thumb touching church pew.
Salomon cross-country skis placed together on the ground next to a skiier.
ski on the ground beside the man's gloves on the ground.
2 floor bus in the front side.
A red double-Decker bus moving on the road.
a beautiful woman enjoying street food.
A young woman in a city enjoying a hotdog with everything.
Man wearing a black hat sitting on a bench.
A man wears a black hat and sits on a bench.
woman in white shirt playing game.
Right most girl playing games.
A woman sitting in a wheelchair outside.
A woman in a black shirt sitting in a wheelchair.
A smiling woman at a party.
An older lady in an live shirt smiles.
Top part of the bed, buried under personal belongings.
colourful bedsheet on sofa.
the guy on the left in the right hand picture.
Man holding phone.
The little girl with the furry boots is sitting on a horse.
A kid on a white horse.
batter in white uniform.
batter wearing a white outfit, blue hat and holding a bat.
the dark shirt behind the girls.
A reflection of a kitten looking into a mirror.
A white cat seeing with two eyes visible to us.
bed to the left.
bed to the left.
A white teddy bear .
A tan teddy bear wearing a green vest.
A woman in green in the mirror.
An adult in a green shirt.
A baby brushing his teeth.
A baby brushing it's teeth.
A man wearing a white shirt and glasses.
Man leaning with glasses and bandana on.
a man wearing a black shirt.
A man wearing a black t-shirt with his back towards us.
A woman's turquoise jacket placed on the chair she is sitting in.
A yellow bike is in the back ground.
Orange motorcycle in the background.
A parking meter on the right of another parking meter.
right meter.
A skier in mid air on the slopes wearing a black coat.
A skier in the air making an x with his skis.
The woman with the high white socks.
A girl wearing white knee socks.
Two people on a mortorcycle.
A girl sitting in back.
A motorcycle with a man in a helmet on it parked behind a horse.
A woman dressed in black.
a woman dressed in black.
the person driving.
A person wearing a helmet and riding a red motorcrycle with a passenger behind them.
Sumo player holding a bat preparing to swing at a baseball.
A summo wrestler holding a bat.
the dog that is closest to the pillow and top of the bed.
black dog that is on the bed above the other dog.
The girl wearing the black dress.
The woman standing next to the man.
A mug of light-colored beer with an orange wedge in it.
Mug with light colored beer.
Man on the left with glasses.
The man wearing glasses.
A white and black tractor trailer.
A white VW cabover truck.
a wood table top with a pizza.
BROWN COLOR TABLE HOLDING THE PIZZA.
a blue stop sign.
A blue stop sign.
Two pieces of broccoli on the bottom left of the plate.
A woman, in a picture, sitting on a bench.
A picture of a girl on a white bench.
A motorcycle with an attached side-car.
A motorcycle and sidecar.
A large brown urn is being decorated by a woman.
A large urn is on a green table and the lady is drawing on it.
a white travel bag.
A white fabric piece of luggage.
Bride in wedding dress holding white flowers while walking with groom.
woman in a pic of married couple.
The striped couch nearest the fireplace.
Striped couch nearest the white lamp.
A vintage biplane.
An old air plane with people in front of it.
The small car.
Black and white car.
a man with glasses eating a hot dog.
man with glasses.
A bowl with a dark brown food in it.
The small silver bowl with orange liquid in it.
Black young cow in front of brown cow while grazing on grass.
Black calf eating grass.
a giraffe leaning to the side of the photo.
A giraffe is behind the another giraffe.
Black motorcycle parked next to the blue motorcycle.
A black Triumph motorcycle.
This is a zebra in front of another one.
zebra in front of another zebra.
A giraffe leaned over looking towards another giraffe.
The brown and white cow that you can see the most of.
Army green Mercedes truck.
A green truck in front of a line of other trucks.
A blue bicycle.
The blue bicycle that the woman is riding.
The boys reflection in the mirror.
a little boy in blue.
a red couch next to a big man.
the chair that the gentlemen in the gray shirt is sitting on.
A man making a silly face.
a dude with his teeth showing.
the bus behind the people with umbrellas.
The yellow cab.
the yellow cab.
The arm of the adult sitting next to the boy.
The person in the red shirt.
The player on the right.
The woman hitting a tennis ball to the right of an identical woman.
A BLACK CAR RUNNING IN THE ROAD.
A black car stops at the stop sign.
The racket the girl in the white hat is holding.
A tennis racket being swung by lady wearing a visor.
two cows right side mama and baby.
mother cow nursing her baby.
A young man with  a green cap carrying a brown bag on a skateboard.
Young Asian man wearing green cap and messenger bag on a skateboard.
elephant on the left.
there is an elephant on the left of the other elephant.
Two giraffes in a field together.
A giraffe with another giraffe on its righthand side.
Young boy in gray shirt that is swinging a plastic bat.
A concentrated young boy swings a yellow bat at an incoming ball.
a man wearing glasses holding a laptop to the right of a woman leaning over his shoulder.
a man in a black shirt.
A boy skateboarding off a wooden ramp.
this is a guy riding a skateboard.
Close laptop.
A closed green and white laptop.
Blue fabric in the left lower corner of the second picture.
The leg of the person wearing jeans.
The food on the wrapper.
the hands waring gray shirt.
A row of bananas down the center of toast.
the black teddy bear on the bed.
black stuffed teddy bear on bed.
half eaten pizza.
Uncut half of pizza in foreground.
airplane with gray wings.
Grey plane with letters and numbers NC 19238.
A little boy who is smiling and holding a plate of pizza in his hands.
A small boy with pizza smiling at the camera.
The man wearing a blue shirt and red hat.
man in blue shirt with red hat.
A man in a striped button down shirt with glasses on his head is sitting with his arms crossed at a large table with a woman and two other men.
A man sitting at the table wearing a striped shirt with his arms crossed.
The couch nearest the windows.
brown leather couch closest to the glass door.
The hotdog to the right of another hotdog and chips.
hotdog with no bun.
A shiny black leather sofa.
Th black leather couch.
woman walking past a window.
a person wearing a tan-colored cap.
A man with a small hat on, standing near the red rope barrier.
The blurry person in front of the fence.
Small bear looking down hill.
Young bear headed down hill.
a red bus with 101 on the top.
A red law floor bus in a parking lot.
A sideways traffic light.
Signal light on the road.
A truck with the number 13.
The pick-up marked 13.
the woman in the flannel.
A young girl sitting with her friend in the grass beside a bike.
A man with one foot on the train.
A man with a white beard and hat standing with one foot on a train.
The white kayak.
the white kayak.
A park bench in the background.
Hand written notes on the frig.
the refrigerator in the right.
a man with his back turned to the camera.
the man behind the girl wearing black jacket.
A man in an orange shirt and jeans.
A man in an orange shirt pets an elephant.
Motorcycle with the kickstand down.
The motorcycle the man with the blue shorts is riding.
A chef in a kitchen holding up the peace sign with both his hands.
an oriental chef making the peace sign.
3rd hot dog in row of 4 hot dogs.
The hot dog second from the right.
right most chair.
A bed with a white towel on it.
bed close to door.
A folded piece of pizza with red sauce being cut with a fork and knife.
A cut up slice of pizza.
The large boat on the far end with the tallest mast.
A boat sitting next to a smaller boat with a tall mast.
A young girl being potty trained.
A little girl in a teal shirt.
A big south African wild elephant follow another elephant.
a elephant following the herd.
Largest zebra in the middle that we see the most of.
a zebra with a baby zebra near it's rear end.
A batter at a baseball game with number 7 on his jersey.
The full back view of a baseball player at bat.
The  yellow food item located in the left bowl.
a bowl of something yellow.
A woman in sunglasses on an elephant.
The woman in the teal jacket and sunglasses.
An old Damaged Card in Junkyard Marked 12.
a rusted junk car with a white R painted on the door.
A blue plane flies tilted horizontally in front of a woman in a white bikini.
A blue and yellow jet flying directly in front of a woman in a pink bikini but not in front of a woman in a dark bikini.
Electric Engine Train Stand in a station.
A train parked on a track while a man stands on the side.
A cup filled with soda and ice sitting on the left side of the plate.
the dark beverage on the table.
dark brown head of long hair of human on the bed.
A wig that is of Burnett color sitting on the bed.
A man wearing black and white, driving a horse-drawn carriage.
Man wearing a black best.
A baby mountain goat climbing on another goat's back.
a children's book next to a sleeping child.
A book called The Little People School Bus in a crib next to a sleeping baby.
colourful parrot was looking very beautiful.
pARROT LOOKING FROM ATREE BRANCH.
A sailboat leaning to the right.
A sailboat in the wind.
AN OLD MAN IN BLACK COAT LOOKING THROUGH BINOCULAR.
A man in a black jacket watching chickens.
clock on right.
A clock face on the right side of the photo inside a triangular frame.
A snowboarder snowboarding with red snow pants and purple hat.
A person in red pants doing a trick on a snow board.
A white van labeled Stay Alive Drive 45.
a white police van.
A man wearing a red jacket and orange tie.
a young man with his wife.
The woman with the black jacket and brown pants.
A lady with tennis racket in the tennis court.
A black laptop with a blue screen.
A white laptop with a stamp that says SHIELD surrounded by three black laptops, on a yellow desk.
Baby horse with it's mom.
A small horse touching noses with a larger horse.
the motorcycle that is lifted onto its back wheel.
A motor biker doing a wheelie on his white motorcycle.
The giraffe in the bak.
A small, baby giraffe stands on concrete and looks down at a wall.
Food truck with a man in front of it.
A red bus parked along the street.
a television screen with an image of a man on it.
video displays in a hall.
The Television screen that is on.
A television with some program on it.
A monitor displaying lots of text.
A monitor to the left of the others.
The second from the right apple slice.
The two upright slices of apple next to the red bananas.
A woman wearing blue pants and a white shirt laying on a bed reading a book.
A man weraing glasses, a gray sweatshort with writing on it, sitting at a table.
A man in a Wisconsin University hoodie is sitting at a blue table with a nearly empty bowl in front of him.
A slice of pizza sitting on its side.
A slice of chesse pizza.
Oranges in a crate.
Open face sandwiches, one with salad on top and one with strawberries.
An assortment of small sandwiches on a white plate.
The van in white colour and had a flag of england.
the white van in the back of red car.
A teddy bear sitting behind the plate wearing a red shirt.
A bear in a red sweater that says fantastic friend.
A black haired Indian man facing a vendor in front of bananas.
A man in a white shirt standing by some bananas.
a person seeing the sea.
A surfer carrying a surfboard looking outward at the ocean.
A brown chair at a computer desk.
brown chair pushed under desk.
The end part of the refrigerator is showing.
metal fridge opposite sink.
A keyboard and monitor with a video playing on the screen.
A dekstop computer.
The green bus along the curb that is first in line.
a bus picking up passengers at a stop.
glass witha clear liquid and ice in it.
The clear cold glass of water.
Phone being held vertically.
The phone on the left.
right hand spoon.
spoon on right side.
An ash colored empty plastic bucket in a marble floor.
An empty grey cup at table place setting.
Red couch behind a man playin wii.
The second vase from the left.
a tall vase standing next to a glass basket.
A woman in black crosses the street.
A woman in a crosswalk with a black jacket over her head.
Two bikes on the street, behind to walking men.
A man named Dean Takko posing for a photo in a brown leather jacket in a tent.
a man with id card on his jacket is standing next to women.
A chair that a backpack is resting on.
A yellow book written by A.A. Milne.
A book sitting on a table in front of a group of four bears.
A green, white and red surfboard.
The surf broad that is painted green, white, and red.
A MAN RIDING THE HORSE RACE.
horse rider.
The beer with the foamiest top.
A glass of beer on the left side of the other glass on the bar.
the table and food area in which the food is palced.
The table with the pie and green placemat.
a man standing with his hands up.
Man with arms in air.
A dog with brown fur, with its head up, laying on a gray sheet.
Brown dog.
A frond plant sitting on the porch.
a unique plant that is near a black and white dog.
A bride covered in cake.
The bride in white with her mouth open.
dark colored horse with white socks standing on dirt road.
The horse in the rear that the man is riding.
The silver object behind the clock.
A candle holder.
A man wearing striped Apron.
one man is pouring juice from the bucket to the vessel.
The gentleman in the middle with a white shirt and a purple necktie.
A black man with a pink neck tie and holding a bag in his hand.
A knife rests in front of a cupcake.
the hot dog in the front with the most ketchup.
Hot dog with ketchup at the edge of the counter.
A cat with brown fur and spots mixed with a white front half and a pink collar; it is sitting on a bed near another cat.
A brown and white animal lying on a bed.
A BAG WITH US FLAG.
An American flag themed bag.
A man jumping.
man in suit jumping and clicking his heels.
The apple in the back.
Green apple behind a green apple close to cookies.
A train that is orange and cream in the front and blue in the back.
A long train.
lawn chair with the cushion on it in the top left of the photo.
The back end of a silver car with a red tail light.
There is a silver car parked next to the black truck.
a see through table.
A grilled table near the person with a laptop.
A horse with a red mask on its face.
The horse walked by #4.
A women holding a bag of chips.
A woman with a white shirt eating a bag of chips.
black suit case with white button handle.
large suitcase in the middle.
person wearing an old cap holding a camera.
A man wearing a white hat taking a photo.
A red train.
A red train next to Track D.
A blue double decker bus.
The blue bus.
the hotdog farthest form the camera.
The hot dog in the back.
this is a woman with a black coat standing next to a man with a black coat.
woman in a black coat smiling at the camera.
A wooden booth seat with a woman in it.
A man in a hood and mask has his hands in front of his face on a laptop video.
A person in a jacket on a screen.
Shepard dog on left in back window of car.
A dog with it's ears perked up looking out the back of a car.
Man with a beard.
The nearest man.
A computer monitor displays the time.
A monitor displaying 13:25 in the upper left corner of the screen.
a bird on the left of a vase.
A synthetic bird that's to the left of some synthetic flowers.
A person sitting on back of motor cycle .
A passenger on a motorcycle bundled in a blue slicker.
The truck is parked in the space.
White truck witha  red B logo on the side door.
A woman in green next to two women in gray.
The girl to the farthest left.
The girl on the right with curly hair.
a girl wearing green and black shorts leaning against a prop plane.
A brown chair sitting next to a yellow table.
A brown chair next to a yellow dining room table in a modern kitchen.
A woman wearing black color dress holding a bag on her hand.
A woman dressed in black standing under a red umbrella.
person in white and gray parka.
MAN IS WATCHING SOMETHING.
A person in a red shirt lying down.
The person sleeping wearing red t-shirt.
A white van.
A white panel van.
lawn chair with upright back to the right.
A white beach chair upright with a red tile on side arm rest.
Three open laptops and a man's hands holding a phone.
the laptop showing a twitter feed on screen.
A screen on the left hand side of the keyboard.
the monitor on the far left near the xbox.
An animal smelling another animal.
The chair with raised arms that has binders thrown on it.
An empty easy chair with binders on it.
A woman in black with short hair and glasses sitting behind a man.
red headed woman in background wearing glasses.
The wing of the plane that you can't see on the tarmac.
The wing of a plane, the rest of which is out of the frame.
A suitcase with papers on it.
A brown suitcase underneath a woman's bare foot.
Girl in black shirt on couch petting cat.
the girl in the dark shirt holding a cat.
There is one women wearing black dress is playing video game.
A Caucasian woman in a black shirt is holding a set of Nintendo Wii controllers.
Bag of oranges on a wooden table top.
A packet of oranges in white plastic.
The person in the khaki pants who is bending over.
a guy bent over in a kitchen.
A african american woman with red shir and gray pants caring for an elephant.
A man in a red shirt leaning over an elephant.
The zebra that is facing away.
The rear end of the zebra.
A woman drinking from a wine glass.
WomAn sipping from a wine glass.
a man wearing a red helmet and jacket.
A snow skater standing with his red jackets.
black leather chair.
The chair that looks like leather.
Orange closest to us underneath the one with the face drawn on it.
The top of a car with a cat on it.
A hood of a Grey car.
pizza on closer side of table, next to silverware.
Whole pizza near edge of table.
white plane in the front.
The white bi-plane leading the pack.
The girl with the red and white coat is going skiing.
Skier with red jacket and white helmet.
Purolator plane.
A white plane with the word Purolator on it.
A white wine.
clear wine glass with white wine.
The top of a black dog.
The top of a black dog, standing in front of the a woman's red pantsed torso.
the elephant that is walking away from the picture and whose tail is visible.
The elephant with its tail facing the camera.
Man on the motorcycle.
the man in black shirt and blue jeans.
A man in a dark-colored t-shirt petting a white horse.
A man caressing a white horse's snout.
A small laptop.
A laptop with a blue screen.
darker blue book.
A book titled: Essential System Administration.
An elephant facing the left.
The elephant locking tusks whose belly is seen more.
A man in a white shirt and a lanyard, holding a Wii remote control.
A man with hairy forearms and a receding hair line holding a toy steering wheel.
Mother bent over standing child while both hold bottom of blue pail.
Asian woman bent over helping a young boy feed sheep.
Half of a jar of red sauce  next to a laptop.
A jar of pasta sauce is on a counter.
the batter swinging at a pitch.
A man swinging a bat.
A man in gloves unloading luggage from a ship.
A man with black hair who is wearing a black shit and pulling on the rope.
the wooden cutting board.
the wooden board on the right of pizza.
a man in a striped shirt kissing a flask.
Man with a mustache and green and lighter green striped shirt drinking from a flask on a bus.
Toilet seat in the far right corner of the bathroom. it is closed. Additionally there is a blue bag attached to an unknown object.
toliet.
a laptop in the background of a picture of a dog.
A laptop in the background. It has a yellow wallpaper and has several windows open.
The smaller carrot.
a carrot on the right.
A black leather chair facing a window.
A brown leather armchair facing the window.
A bar chair, pushed up against a white counter.
A black and brown barstool.
A table full of different dishes, wine bottles and glasses.
A golden color horse on the side of the march.
The white police horse.
The chair by the window that is facing the door.
A woman wearing glasses and a black shirt to the right of a woman in blue.
Woman holding a blue Wii remote.
A light green color bowl with fruits.
A polar bear looking at the camera.
A polar bear that is directly facing the viewer.
The outermost right hand horse carrying the buggy.
A dark horse with white rear hoofs situated to the right of another horse.
The left piece of the sandwich.
The left half of a sandwich.
A silver sprinter van.
A minivan driving at night behind a car.
a baby girl wearing green coloured sweater watching pictures in a book.
A little, blonde girl reading a book.
Red and white umbrella on a man's head.
A HEAD UMBERLA IN ONE MANS HEAD.
a peach in a container.
A container holding a peach.
A zebra standing firstamong the 3 zebras.
The last person in a line of skiers.
The doll with a tag numbered 18 in the neck in white and red color.
teddy bear with read shirt and green and red bells on scarf on right side.
A snowboard a boy in a blue vest is riding on.
a snowboard.
The zebra in the back that is cut off.
A zebra in the background behind two other zebras, looking away from them.
The girl with long hair and wearing bracelets has a nice smile.
a brunette woman wearing a white blazer.
A car in front of a fire truck.
Black SUV driving on road in front of Salt Lake City fire engine.
a white dog leaning on a brown one.
the big white colour dog sleeping on sofaset  laying his head on another dog.
girl with number 10 jersey.
A woman wearing the number ten on a yellow shirt with black, blue, and white shorts.
A woman leaning over to cut another woman's hair.
A women doing a kids hair.
The person reading in the background.
A women reading a paper in a party.
a baseball player with his arm hanging down.
A elephant with the trunk raised near the fence, and four people taking a photo.
Entire elephant from tail to tip of trunk.
A man in a green shirt and grey pants.
A man is standing on grass and watching a woman catch a frisbee.
The chair to the right of the woman in the blue sweatshirt.
empty brown wooden chair with black metal poles in the bottom right corner of the photograph.
A black suv driving through traffic.
A black colored car crossing signal in front of grey colored car.
EMPTY CHAIR AND SIDE POSITION IS SITTING A MAN.
an easy chair coloured with yellow & white.
bottom half of pizza.
The half of pizza in the box.
A teddy bear that says I love you.
teddy bear.
A giraffe standing to the left of a photographer.
the giraffe on the farthest left.
A green police boat being towed on the road.
A green house boat.
A black laptop sitting on a desk.
A computer screen with a document open.
A guy scared of balls.
Guy with teeth showing swinging at a tennis ball.
a black cat is laying on some white and pink nike shoes.
A cat on top of grety and pink sneakers.
Cow at the rear of a moving group of cows.
cow walking behind other cow so head is obscured.
A white picnic bench with a cooler on top.
A white and red cooler sitting on the bleachers at a baseball game.
The taller zebra standing on the grass.
One of the zebras has its backside to the camera.
A black and white color taxi is stopped. the front portion only visible.
vacant motor cycle.
The parked motorcycle on the right.
A toddler runs behind a small dog.
little girl.
The cow with its eyes open.
A cow to the right of another cow.
A cart of luggage.
The suitcase on the cart that the child is not sitting on.
A computer monitor with dark screen and white text.
A light haired woman wearing a yellow bikini while holding a surfboard on the beach.
A young Caucasian woman on a beach in a yellow bikini holding a surfboard.
A woman with sunglasses is playing the wii.
remote carrying lady.
A white cake with blue stars and red stripes, with a man on top.
A three-tiered cake with a cake topper.
The blurry car off of the right shoulder of the woman with glasses.
A very blurry white car behind a lady carrying a brown handbag.
The strip of banan in the back.
The banana behind the ice cream.
a little girl rests on the lap of a woman.
A blonde baby.
Baseball player Dubee, #30.
A man in baseball gear with DUBEE written on his shirt.
The man that is just walking by in a black shirt.
A man in a black shirt.
A black and white photograph of a man in a suit with three children.
An adult man wearing a suit.
metal rail in the back.
a steel chair of dinning table.
A black laptop to the left of the black laptop in focus.
laptop in the background sitting on counter.
Executive chair opposite to laptop.
Black high back office chair.
The small elephant facing the camera.
The baby elephant facing front.
An Italian style pizza with vegetables.
A woman in the left photo.
the woman on the left.
A multicolored umbrella with water pellets on it.
a multicolor umbrella.
A tall orange and yellow vase.
a yellow and red glass vase.
A white boat carrying 4 passengers sailing on the water.
A boat  cruising in the water.
A man in a hat and knee brace.
A person sitting cross-legged and typing on a laptop computer.
An older man sitting outside and reading a book.
A man reading a book while sitting on a stone bench.
The banana the bird is standing on.
a banana is between the claws of a green bird.
a child with long dark hair sitting on a bench.
Little girl with long, brown hair wearing purple t-shirt and pink shorts.
A medium sized yellow/brown dog wearing a chain collar and fabric collar.
the dog with his back towards the camera, without clothing.
an elephant facing the water with part of its head obscured by a tree.
a green glass bottle with either water or some type of alcohol in it.
A green bottle.
silver container on left.
The metal bowl with brown grounds in it.
The table the food is sitting on.
a table with a plate on top and stuff.
a white plane.
old white airplane at a show.
a baby held by an older person.
A baby in black and white striped outfit being held.
a woman with blond hair smiling at her dessert.
A woman is laughing at dinner.
A laptop being used with a black, tan and white cat sitting behind it.
the laptop the man is looking at.
A person in the air on a skateboard.
A person wearing a helmet and white shirt performing a stunt in the air.
A black bird standing to the right of the other black bird.
woman on the right with a bunny on her shirt.
A WOMAN IN A RED KNIT TOP SITTING ON THE COUCH WITH HER HEAD DOWN.
jokey on right.
The rider in red.
The center crown of broccoli.
Stock of broccoli between two other stocks of broccoli.
A man wearing a blue shirt.
A man with the blue shirt and a black hat with a child upon his shoulders.
A GIRL SMILING AND PULL THE TRALEY WITH HER BAGS.
a women was smilling.
A slice of pizza to the upper left of the picture.
head of a giraffe touching another giraffe with its tongue.
giraffe on the left.
Blue umbrella with samuel Adams on it behind a man wearing sunglasses reading a menu.
A blue umbrella over a table directly behind a man in a black jacket.
train cars.
Gray commuter train that has a white door at the rear.
a horse pulling a red carriage.
A brown horse with a white face wearing a black and gold bridle, pulling two men and a dalmation.
a man was going on scating.
A man riding a skateboard.
This is a lady wearing a baseball cap, gray sweatshirt, pants and a white apron operating a doughnut making machine.
A woman in a blue cap, grey sweatshirt, and white apron.
A brown vase with mainly green plants.
The vase to the left of the vase that holds a yellow flower.
bed with blue comforter on the left.
A single bed with blue sheets and a book on it next to a similar bed in a hotel room.
A white chair with a little blond boy sitting on it.
a white chair sat on by a child.
RED COLOR T SHIRT BOY  IN THE TENNIS COURT.
a man in a red shirt with blue sleeves.
A rainbow colored umbrella.
A rainbow umbrella.
giraffe standing near to another giraffe.
A giraffe leans it's head towards another giraffe that's lying down.
A wood chair that has a boy in a red shirt sitting on it.
Chair occupied by boy with red shirt.
a red chair attached to a desk holding a laptop.
a chair near the table.
A woman holding a bear on a green chair next to a man.
the fatty lady in the image.
A large table with many bottles and dishes.
group of objects on table.
A bowl of brown meat to the right of the others.
white ribbed bowl.
A short person that is dancing with a taller person.
woman in shirt with swaures on it.
an iPhone with a blue case sitting on a royal blue background.
A cell phone which is in the left.
A plush dog face that is upside down.
A sign with STOP on it facing the viewer.
a stop sign.
A WHITE COLOR AND  BLUE COLOR SLEEVE.
A man skiing wearing a tan jacket with blue sleeves.
A glass with more orange juice than the other one.
A glass of juice to the right of a bowl of fruit.
The black cow that is standing in the group of 3 cows in the back on the far left.
A black cow with a white hair on the forehead.
black and white cow drinking water  and standing next to baby cow.
An adult cow greeting a young cow from behind a metal fence.
Boy in a white Abercrombie shirt with other boys.
The boy with the Abercrombie shirt.
a piece of cake on its side in front of another plate.
A slice of pastry sitting on a plate next to a blue fork.
The zebra in the back.
zebra in the back side.
catcher wearing blue protective gear.
A catcher wearing blue and baby blue gear.
The strap on the back of the woman in the black shirt.
The lady in black and her purse strap.
A dark leather lazyboy chair.
black couch on the right.
A woman in a black shirt holding a child.
Woman stands with Child and other woman on tree trunk.
A stove with soup cooking on it.
The stove, pot and bowl.
The half of the table is vanished.
The table on the extreme right of the photo.
A man in a purple and white tennis outfit swings his tennis raquet at an oncoming ball.
The man on the left swinging a tennis racquet.
the cheese tomato and basil plate.
A plate of fresh tomatoes and basil.
the big airplane that says british airways on it.
A large white commercial plane sits on a snowy runway.
A person in a black shirt and light pants watching somebody do a flip.
the snowboarder watching with tan pants.
A hot dog with one hot dog to it's left and two to it's right.
the hot dog that is second in line from the left.
couch in the right side the image.
The loveseat half seen in the lower right corner.
A blue suitcase that a man is sitting on.
a blue suitcase sitting on the floor.
A man in a black over coat cuting his food with a fork and knife.
A man in a black coata cutting up his food.
a beach chair in front of the the man holding a surf board.
A seat on the beach.
The brown and black horse.
A back of a horse and the head of his foal.
the rear end of the zebra in the back.
A zebra in the background, only the back end is visible.
a yellow color truk parked near white car.
The truck with no markings.
A dog attached to a bench by a green leash.
A grey dog with pointed ears faces straight ahead.
A suitcase sitting on top of three other cases.
A brown suitcase with stripes sitting atop three other suitcases.
A man standing in the kitchen.
The man in a flannel shirt samples some of the prepared food in the kitchen.
This is a pink tinted leather couch that is next to the coffee table.
A pink couch next to a black chair behind a wood table.
A piece of chocolate cake to the right of other pieces.
A half eaten piece of chocolate cake.
BURGER IN A PLATE WITH CHEESE.
First sandwich on the left just beneath the fork.
A yellow bike to the left of another yellow bike.
yellow motorbiked parked to the left of other yellow bike.
The side view of a wooden chair.
Chair that the cat is sitting on.
a black and white zebra with its head down grazing.
A zebra eating at the zoo.
A man lying in a bed.
A sick man lying on a hospital cot in a third-world country surround by 3 other people.
the boy with the horse wearing blue jeans.
the man behind the girl wearing blue jeans.
Plant that is 2nd from the right.
the smaller plant in the middle.
The bottom section of a plantain or banana tree.
The bottom two rows of bananas on the cluster.
A unoccupied white plastic chair with high sides.
Picture of a white chair.
The tootbrish behing the front one.
The Sonicare toothbrush on the left of the picture.
A couch is set against a grey wall.
A tan floral couch against a green wall.
Person wearing a white hat and white shirt.
the back of a man wearing a white hat and tee shirt.
ship in a horbur  a drawing picture.
Old river boat sailing in the rain.
Black motorcycle that is to the left of the man in the red jacket.
Black motorcycle with two bundles on the back.
An arm chair with spotted cushions.
A tacky animal print arm chair in a room with other tacky animal print items.
a doughnut with pink cream on it.
The middle part of an inflatable ice cream cone.
The strawberry pink swirl of ice cream on the bottom donut.
A table with a bottle of wine on it.
a brown table that has wine on it.
a green pickup truck with a garbage dump in it's trunk.
A mostly green truck with graffiti all over it.
A vase with purple and white flowers, and green leaves.
The bouquet of purple and white flowers above the cake.
A steel knife which is inbetween two forks.
A dirty knife sitting by a slice of pizza on a round white plate.
A white urinal with a blue stopper.
A men's urinal with a urinal cake next to a trash can and toilet.
white porcelain sinks in a public restroom.
small white couch in the middle.
A white couch sitting directly in front of a TV.
A small banana sits on the table torn from the bunch of bananas.
The stubby banana that is larger than the other separate banana.
A gray vehicle partially cut from the photo.
A grey pickup truck is parked in the snow beside a happy person who's about to ski.
Fedex plane in background, mostly obscured except latter half and tail.
Screen behind the silver laptop.
a small external display over a silver laptop.
the man in immediate back of man with red color jersey.
A man wearing a blue and green jacket chasing a soccer ball next to a man wearing red.
A woman wearing black pants and a white shirt with her arms folded.
The woman in black pants who is cut out of the picture.
The boy with long, brown hair who is sitting next to the boom box.
a boy sat on chair.
A duck spreading its wings.
a duck flapping their wings.
A man's left hand holding a metal sheet.
the person's left hand.
The keyboard closest to the camera.
keyboard of laptop.
A woman in black shirt holding a remote controller.
A woman in a black shirt and blue jeans playing Nintendo Wii.
A kitchen island.
Kitchen counter in center.
The end of the brown couch sits unoccupied.
The section of carrots on the far left side of the bowl with the fork.
an older woman with glasses playing on a wii.
The woman in the front.
A purple coffee cup with wording on it.
the mug with the words bayside skillet on it.
The Zebra furthest away.
Large zebra in the back with its tail in view.
The fuzzy grey bear on the card.
The bear on the card.
A piece of broccoli to the left of the fork.
cooked broccoli stem in a bowl with a metal fork.
The motorcycle that has the number 42 on it.
A bike with number plate 42.
A brown cat with black stripes sitting on top of a wooden toilet bowl seat.
brown and black cat standing on a toilet.
plan that the man in blue is resting his hand on.
the only airplane that the man has his hand on.
A women who is holding a white game controller.
A woman in a red top playing Wii.
A girl in a white shirt and red skirt holding a tennis racket.
A girl with brown hair, white shirt, grey scarf, red tennis skirt holding a tennis racket while smiling.
a man wearing a pink shirt standing on a surfboard.
A man in a pink shirt stands on a yellow surfboard.
A SMALL BOY SITTING IN A DINING HALL WITH HER MOTHER.
Asian child play with toy car, after finishing dinner.
The coach standing behind the fence.
Man standing behind fence gate.
A man in white paddles a boat for a group of people.
a man wearing a hat and a white shirt.
THE CHAIR IN THE SIDE OF THE OWEN.
A brown horse with a blue harness.
A white low-profile car is following a motorcycle.
A silver mustang SVT Cobra sits in traffic.
A white semi trailer driving through the snow.
The white semi with trailer facing the camera.
A woman about to cut a mans tie.
A woman red a red shirt cutting a man's tie.
Left umbrella.
an umbrella at a hot dog stand right above the hot dog sign.
boy covered up by instrument.
object to the left of identical object.
painted ornamental vase on left side.
a mans jeans.
The legs of a person standing behind the bicycle and wearing a pair of dark blue denim jeans with sneakers.
The empty rails.
Black table under a green umbrella.
A silver van with people facing it.
The slice with the burnt portion of crust.
a sliced pizza with other slices on a plate.
A guy in a field wearing a white shirt and hat swinging a bat in a grassy field.
A man in a white shirt and blue pants swinging a bat.
zebra in the back side.
A zebra eating in the background.
A red & yellow color bike in a racing track.
a baby girl.
Little girl under polka dotted umbrella.
The baby.
Baby with wide eyes.
parking meters in front.
An old parking meter on the side of a street.
A white and green airplane hovers above the runway.
Eva Air Cargo airplane taking off on the runway.
Young boy sitting on ledge.
little boy sitting with man.
The arm of the chair between the girl in black and the chips.
The sofa on which a woman is sitting.
the pizza directly in front of the girl with the cell phone.
PIZZA READY TO EAT IN FRONT OF A LEADY.
A wild female buffalo not facing the camera.
A yak closest to the fence.
A giraffe eating from a tree.
a giraffe eating leaves.
man playing palystation.
Guy playing Wii with the white shirt closest to the camera.
A woman wearing glasses and a blue purse.
A lady standing in black and white shirt and grey pant is wearing the eyeglasses having a shoulder bag.
The chair beneath the lady in the dark red and black blouse.
A wooden chair that an asian woman is sitting on.
couch in front of windows.
A green floral print couch with 2 brownish colored pillows on it.
The black computer bag behind the black purse.
A purse and bag on a chair.
A zebra facing towards us.
the zebra looking at the camera.
A girl in a bikini at the beach.
A WOMAN WITH SWIM SUIT WAS IN THE SEA.
A horse with a police officer riding it in the middle of two others.
The horse in the middle of the other two horses.
man wearing yellow shirt.
man wearing yellow shirt.
the horse closest to the black car.
Two dark brown horses wear ornate harness.
MAN WITH SPECTALES AND UMBRELLA.
Black and white image of a female shopping holding an umbrella.
A small boy in a red shirt holding a baseball bat.
A kid playing baseball.
Small boat holding plants.
A boat filled with dirt and plants on a river.
A dark glass of soda to the right of a plate.
A cup of cola sits beside a plate.
giraffe standing with neck straight.
The giraffe at the right.
A guy with a black hat and khakis is skateboarding in the street.
A young man skateboarding wearing a white-shirt with a patterned logo.
A man in black pants is skiing down the hill.
A man in dark clothes skiing in the snow.
The cow with the chain on his neck.
The black and white cow in the middle of the picture.
Elephant on the right.
Elephant  play with baby.
A baby giraffe walking in front of it's mother.
A BABY GIRAFEE WALKING ALONGSIDE THE ADULT GIRAFEE.
woman putting money in the meter.
A woman in glasses using a parking meter.
the person who holds the baby.
arms around boy in the right hand picture.
A glazed doughnut to the left of one with chocolate.
The bigger donut, in the back.
A collection of 8 oranges sits in the center of a bowl.
Oranges sitting in an unique bowl.
man in glasses cutting cake.
A man with glasses cutting a cake.
A man in a red jacket and black pants that is cross country skiing.
A skier in a red jacket.
the suitcase that is barely in the picture (black).
The dish with sliced fruit.
The bowl full of mixed fruit.
A skaetboarder.
a man on a skateboard leaning against a wall.
Women with a whit apron outside holding a plate.
A woman with a white apron and a brown coat.
The pizza on the left.
the pepperoni pizza, as it appears under the box.
large giraffe with head above others on left middle.
The giraffe directly behind the tallest rock.
Three animals and one of the zebras is leading the pack.
the zebra ahead of the other zebras.
the woman on the right in the right hand picture.
purple beach umbrella.
A purple umbrella.
A smiling woman wearing a dark blue jacket.
A woman in blue sweater, sitting on a pink couch.
a man throwing a frisbee.
Frisbee player.
A baseball catcher wearing a white shirt.
THE BALL KEEPER IS WAITING FOR BALL.
Someone standing in black jeans near a table.
A man whose black pants are seen standing on the side of a child.
a guy with his head down in front of a huge pizza.
A boy with his head on the table next ot a giant pizza.
The truck directly behind the clock.
The truck behind the clock.
white chair with arched back around a wooden and white circular table.
a white bear sitting down.
THE POLAR BEAR THAT IS SITTING UP IS RED.
skier in black holding poles with red handles.
The person to the right of the girl in green.
the man with the red bracelet to the right of the woman and the plate of food.
man wit grey color dress in the right side of the image.
smaller giraffe looking larger giraffe.
The shorter of the fighting giraffes.
toilet with close lid.
Zebra standing behind a zebra.
The zebra standing behind the first zebra.
The tail of an airplane flying in the sky.
a plane.
the man at bat.
A baseball player swinging a baseball bat.
A young boy is happily smiling because it is his 9th birthday and he gets to celebrate with donuts instead of cake.
a young boy in a red shirt smiling and laughing.
A girl standing in the snow.
A woman wearing a blue coat and a red hat holding skis.
black bowl with snacks.
A black bowl of food that is sprinkled with something green at the top right side of the screen.
A person wearing a blue hat, blue shirt, and blue shorts standing in front of the scoreboard.
the girl in blue standing against the wall.
A bike with a laid shirt on its seat resting on a pole.
Oranges in a glass bowl.
Labled oranges placed inside the bowl.
baby elephant playing with elephant laying down.
An elephant standing over an elephant that is lying down.
the woman standing.
A woman wearing a blue striped shirt.
Black computer monitor with an LG logo.
Monitor with picture of chair on a deck by a pool.
A red and yellow double-decker bus.
a white double decker bus coming down the street.
Jockey in dark red.
Horse jockey wearing a burgundy-blue shirt and riding a horse during a competition.
A man in a yellow t-shirt and grey shorts attempting to catch a white frisbee before the man in the black and red shorts.
A man wearing a yellow shirt.
A teddy bear wearing a sweater.
A teddy bear with a white sweater on.
fruit on right side.
A container with strawberries and pineapples in it.
An apple being held by a hand.
The plastic apple in the man's hand.
The yellow and black train on the track.
this is a yellow train pulling into the station.
The man with the black collar.
Man with a black collar.
The car driving through the city on the right side of the road by the sidewalk.
Yellow cab on the right of which we can only see part of.
The giraffe in the middle is the second tallest.
a black man in a grey shirt watching tv.
man in grey shirt.
Young man with blonde hair wearing a white shirt and dark tie in a ballroom.
The smiling person in the white shirt.
The back half of the cat in the bed.
The back end of a cat that is resting in a red bed.
A man in a grey shirt .
the man swinging in a gray tshirt.
The giraffe in the back facing right.
A giraffe behind another giraffe, facing the opposite direction of its fellow.
A lighter brown dog laying on the floor behind a darker brown dog.
the side of the brown dog lying down.
a grey color helicopter in ground.
camouflaged plane behind blue and white plane.
A small zebra in the front of the pack of zebras looking at the camera.
A small zebra facing the camera.
The top of a bunch of bananas in the top row of a 4 collage.
top of banana bunch near top of photo grid.
the police car above the stop sign.
A police car next to a truck.
ship with writtern POLIZEI.
The giant poliza boat.
A woman with long, dark hair.
a girl standing with a skirt smiling by herself.
the tree behind the man.
The tree going up by the Exit sign.
A woman standing between two men.
A woman with an anchor necklace.
a man walking through a door.
A man walking into a door.
the chair behind the person on the left in the right hand picture.
man wearing grey shirt and khaki shorts.
A man wearing a helmet and riding a skateboard.
The woman in orange with grey hair.
The woman in red standing up behind the couch.
A peson is riding on a bicycle that holds a skateboard and a dog.
the bike rider riding the bike.
The guy in blue athletic clothes with 1 on his back.
The man in the black short sleeve shirt.
A woman in a white coat skiing near two other skiers.
A skier in a white jacket, navy pants and black toboggan.
A fully-visible clock face that is indicating 10:50.
A clock face in front of a window with a time of 10:50.
The skis a lady is wearing.
the woman's skis.
the red leather case under the Blush magazine.
the red folder behind the magazine.
a serving of roasted broccoli to the left of seared meat.
THICK PLANTS ON A BLACK COLOURED FLOWER POT.
A potted green plant with a dog sitting next to it.
The brown horse with the pink letters.
a brown horse that says autism.
An plain with the words Bolivana de Aviacion written on it.
a white big plane.
brown color sheep behind a white color sheep.
A young woman wearing a polka-dot shirt looking at a laptop.
The woman in the black shirt with white dots.
A chef with earrings.
Chef with ear piercings.
A baby in bed.
The baby who is laying in bed with an adult.
A glass of water above and to the left of a plate with oranges.
A glass of water that is half full next to a plate of oranges.
Broccoli at the bottom of the plate.
Piles of bowls sitting on wood.
A couple of white bowels sit beside an area for preparing food.
a pizza is look correct triangle shape and garnish with coriander leaves more.
a slice of broccoli ham and mushroom pizza.
the saucer that is holding the au jus juice for the sandwhich.
A small white dish sitting underneath a cup of au jus.
Woman with hands on the pizza box.
Woman standing behind multiple boxes of pizza reaching for 3/8 of a pepperoni pizza.
a section of sandwich beside other food.
The stuffed food was very delicious.
A player stading behind a player who is catching the ball.
A person standig still.
truck in the front.
The truck in front that is being followed by another truck.
man sitting with green shirt.
An older man sitting on a wooden chair with a green T-shirt on and khaki pants.
the pizz piece above the plate.
Slice of pizza with cheese sliding off on the plate below it.
The chair the woman to the left is sitting on.
A wooden chair on which a woman with white trousers is sitting.
The computer monitor that has a white keyboard attatched to it. It is next to the bottled water and the coffee cup.
The monitor with a white note attached to it.
The car covered in snow.
The car between the truck and suv that is still covered in snow.
A blurry picture of someones side boob that is wearing a tan shirt.
A person out of focus.
A black chair with circular stitching along the corners.
The black chair with the golden colored studs.
A brown bird standing directly across an apple from a black bird and next to two other brown birds.
A brown bird standing, facing left.
A hairy arm with a strap around the wrist.
A man with hairy arms and a white bracelet on.
A table with onyl one half drank orange juice.
the zebra on the far right.
Right zebra standing to the right of the other zebras.
IMAGE 3RD FROM LT BOTTOM.
A close up of a milk chocolate covered cookie with drizzle.
The short woman holding an empty plate.
A woman with an empty saucer in her left hand.
A man in a brown shirt sitting on a dock.
A man with brown full sleeve t-shirt, simply sitting and starring.
An out of focus jar next to a pizza on a wood cutting board.
Glass to right of pizza.
A man dressed in pink watching a tennis player.
A man in white, standing at the edge of the court, with his hands behind his back.
A bed nearest the window.
A yellow pillow beside two white pillows.
man standing in the left side of the image.
shoe horse maker stands with arms wide for photo.
black car parked at the side of the road right next to parking sign.
The seat portion of the bench in the photo.
Extra long bench.
the rightmost chair.
Brown chair in the middle of the window.
the back bowl with he lettuce in the right hand picture.
salad.
The clear vase on the left.
A clear vase half full of water.
The yellow and red bus.
the red and pale yellow bus.
Glass of water on a table.
Clear glass full of water.
A man with a blue shirt and a cap.
A man in a black baseball cap.
The pizza in the foreground of the image.
Half of a pizza on the plate is gone.
A half pizza to the left of the others.
the person who is holding a green colored bag with black shirt.
A GIRL HUGGED BY HIS BOY FRIEND HOLDING A SUITCASE IN HER LEFT HAND.
the second slice from the left with 2 more slices to the right.
a tv underneath the clocl.
a tv.
A giraffe plays behind a larger giraffe.
Giraffe in the background eating hay.
A tennis player wearing a white shirt and shorts.
Tennis player dressed in white saying hi to other player.
Woman with a cigarette smiling while man next to her is having trouble with an umbrella.
A young woman with a cigarette.
A man wearing a safety outfit of yellow and orange.
The man wearing the yellow and orange vest and yellow shorts.
a blue car.
A blue car.
A tiny beautiful little brown bird sitting on the edge of a bird bath in someone's yard.
A young girl in a pink dress and a pink bonnet.
A woman in a pink dress and bonnet.
An elephant with his trunk extended.
A baby elephant reaching up to a man.
arm of someone with a cellphone in hand taking a picture of a laughing woman.
A hand holding a black cell phone.
A girl in red in the left photo.
A tennis player in a red shirt in the left frame.
A woman in profile with a black dress and a gray umbrella.
A woman in black holding an umbrella.
A chestnut horse with a white blaze on its face.
Smaller and younger of two horses.
Dark broccoli head near brown item.
An open tool box next to a smaller toolbox.
A large case full of electronics.
A tree in the background behind two people.
A woman who is wearing a white cap.
the woman on the right in the right hand picture.
a red train with depot on it.
The bus that says DEPOT.
A blanket spread on a wooden floor and with pillows on top.
a bed on the floor.
skiing woman right behind woman closest to the camera.
the blurry skiier on the left.
apple that is to the viewer's most right.
apple on the right in the plate.
The unbrella of the person in the navy blue jacket.
The umbrella that the man is holding.
A white mug with black lettering on a table.
a mug that says crest maine breakfast.
an empty sink in a kitchen.
This is a sink on a countertop.
Blue and white color ski board hold by a woman wearing a black top.
The blue and white surfboard being held on the left.
French fries occupy half of a white bowl.
A white bowl with french fries.
A full image of a filled glass to the right of a can of soda.
A half filled glass of soda.
The small giraffe to the left.
Military motorcycle in green.
A green motorcyle.
A red piece of luggage with it's handle extended, next to a black trash bag, and with a colorful cloth partially draped on it.
a red piece of luggage in an airport with a bagtag and telescoping handle fully extended.
a slice of apple farthest to right.
The bed nearest the bathroom.
A bed on the right side of a room with a white coverlet, red pillow and matching red scarf at the bottom.
A man in a white shirt and shorts standing next to a surfboard.
guy in a white shirt on the beach.
The bowl that the eggs on are in.
a white coloured bowl with some eggs in it is placed on the table.
A small child with a pink coat behind a child eating.
A girl in pink dress.
giraffe standing behind another giraffe.
A giraffe standing behind another giraffe.
half of a piece of fruit facing away from the shot.
Blood orange with the purple insides.
A main in a white t-shirt playing frisbee.
The man that seems to be shorter and is wearing black shorts with three stripes.
a man dressed in white uniform in the middle posing for a photo.
A man in a white military uniform.
The horse that the photographer is riding.
The mane and ears of a brown horse mounted by the cameraman.
The girl in blue in the middle.
A girl sitting indian style in the middle, wearing a white and blue striped sweater.
a man standing next to an elephant.
A man in a blue shirt.
The woman dressed warmly under the sign.
A young woman with a pleasant smile and a fur cap.
A man's reflection in the mirror.
A man smiling.
The guy in the middle.
An adult standing by a bicycle.
The person getting on the bike whose face is unseen.
yellow truck towing a big yellow trailer with I beams on it.
The yellow truck not including the yellow flatbed or its cargo.
A boy sits on the floor near 3 dogs.
A small child looking down.
a giraffe in the foreground of the picture.
The closest giraffe.
A row of cars on a city street.
The red car in the center and the two white cars on the far right center.
The leftmost police motorcycle in a row of three being ridden by policemen.
A police offer riding a motorcycle, on the left-most side of two other police offers that are also on motorcycles.
woman wearing yellow top and black shorts.
A woman in green and black dress with green cap holding grey bird in right hand.
A barber.
Man that is cutting child's hair.
A PERSONAL PROFILE PICTURE OF A MAN ON THE SCREEN OF A CELLPHONE.
A photo of a man on a cell phone.
A man being sprayed by water.
person sitting on the elephant.
umbrella in the middle of the others.
Second umbrella from the right.
Man wearing black hat while touching his left shoulder with his right hand.
A man wearing a baseball cap backwards.
The batter pictured on the fence.
Baseball player in advertisement with "University" in front of him.
pizza with greens.
The pizza that has tomatoes, mushrooms and spinach on it.
The woman holding the green fabric.
A woman in a grey cardigan holding a pastry.
a man with black hair.
man next to the woman.
Toppings on sandwich being held verticall.
Little girl in yellow tank top.
The little girl.
A baby looking at pizza while being carried by her mother.
A mom and baby pose for a picture together at the pizza shop while the hot, cheesy peperoni pizza sits nearby.
the backside of a brown cow.
A brown cow.
side profile of zebra.
Zebra looking to the right.
a giraffe walking toward the fence.
A traffic signal post with lights in L shaped manner.
A large white table with bowls of food and plastic crates on it.
The long table all of the food is on.
The girl who is smiling.
A tennis player facing the camera and shaking another player's hand.
A road signal pair with walk sign illuminated and a red sign without illumination.
A black metal street light with the Walk sign flashing.
umbrella with red , green blue, yellow and red showing in that order.
Umbrella on the right close to the photographer.
the chair on the right.
the chair closest to the camera.
an empty park bench.
A park bench, without anyone sitting on it, to the left of a large tree.
a bowl of cheese dip.
A metal pot with cole slaw.
A person's hand holding flowers.
An upclose hand holding a flower by the thumb while two kids walk down the sidewalk carrying their umbrellas.
THE ZEBRA IN THE FRONT.
A zebra in the scrub standing in front of another zebra.
A large pizza with a piece being removed.
A pizza pie.
A man in a white shirt and dark gray pants.
Man in tie and white shirt.
Lone giraffe nearest camera.
a baby giraffe away from some other giraffes.
black bull standing in dorrway.
A big, black cow in a doorway.
a leaf of lettuce at the top of a pile of fruits and vegetables.
The lettuce leaf sitting between broccoli and a shallot.
woman wearing black and white shirt.
A woman in a black, white, and red patterned shirt.
the largest monitor out of the three.
The computer screen with a blue and purple background.
A brown chair with a guy sitting on it.
a wooden chair with a man sitting on it.
A girl with full sleeve and specs on eyes, reading a newspaper.
The woman on the left in the black sweater.
A person with a red sweater is reaching their arm out.
A red arm.
A skateboard mid-air with the word READ painted on the bottom.
the closest skateboard.
boat that bird is perched on.
A boat with a bird sitting on it.
The surfboard on the left.
A white surfboard in a man's arm who is not wearing a shirt.
A black chair underneath a window.
the chair on the right in the right hand picture.
bigger giraffe with neck bent in more rounded fashion.
A giraffe with a very curved neck.
The wood chair in front.
wooden thing in the front of the picture.
The woman posing for the picture.
A lady with a red parka on skis getting ready to go down the mountain.
A woman wearing bangles smiling.
woman resting on hand.
teddy bear looking over toy fence.
large stuffed brown teddy bear sitting to the right of a green bird house, behind a ceramic bear in a jacket.
The black wooden chair in front of the glass door.
A black chair with legs not being used.
Downhill skier wearing white snow pants, black gloves and a helmet.
A skiier in a white and grey jacket.
the left piece of cake on the plate.
A piece of cake smaller than the other.
A woman in orange shorts holding a flying disc.
A disc thrower on the field with three other players.
Person in green jacket.
An excited skater in green jacket.
A skateboarder attempting to go down a railing on his skateboard.
A young man performing a skateboard trick down a handrail.
ELEPHANT WHO GET SOMETHING.
An elephant, extending it's trunk,  with a rider on on it's back.
A hand of a women holding a bird.
A hand holding an apple slice and feeding it to a bird.
A meal with the letters "SO" on it.
Slice of light pink-frosted cake.
The backside of a giraffe in a zoo.
The right giraffe with his head cut off.
a bowl of soup with a spoon in it.
A dark blue bowl.
a bunch of fish balloons on string.
Kite with fish shapes.
The yellow surfboard.
A yellow surf board.
the refrigerator behind the man in black.
An off-white fridge with a blue magnet near it's handle.
A cherry in front of another cherry.
A whole berry which is on the top of a pudding.
A young giraffe eating food from the ground and standing at the far left of picture.
A giraffe bending over and eating.
Indian American woman wearing two ponytails.
The person standing in front of a horse.
An horse which goes straight in the road.
The black horse which is ahead of the brown horse.
A bed behind a black suitcase.
A small white laptop computer with a black screen.
white mine laptop with a person viewing is present in the image.
A small plane with four men standing underneath.
A small plane with four people standing underneath its wing.
A player wearing a glove watching the bats man'.
A baseball player with the number 20 on his back.
A train with blue indoor lighting and bright red exterior lights.
The train engine on the right.
man in white on top of elephant.
A young man astride an elephant's back, giving a woman a ride also.
closest skier.
person on skis wearing a yellow and black hat.
guy in red plaid shirt wiping his face with a napkin.
The man in the red cap.
Scissors positioned second from left.
A small pair of black scissors resting on a larger pair of black scissors.
A fork is sitting on the table at dinner.
A fork that is behind the bun of the burger with a charred onion on it.
A man with a messenger bag walking in the rain.
the man in black on the right.
A breakfast sandwich on a wrapper next to a cup of coffee.
dining table with food.
The red and white train to the right of the other train.
A red and gray train to the right of another train.
The sand which with the big thing of lettuce stuck in out.
The half of a sandwich with the yellow toothpick.
a woman's arm wearing a green sweater and a ring feeding a baby carrot to a white dog.
a hand with a pink shirt under a green sweater wearing a ring on the 3rd finger.
A woman swinging a baseball bat.
A girl in a hat and black clothes hits a ball.
A stuffed aimal in a blue coat and red hat.
Teddy bear with a red hat and blue jacket.
The second zebra that has its body facing to the left.
A zebra standing between two others, rests his chin on the rump of the one in the front of the group.
Slice of pizza with sausage cheese and herbs on top.
A slice of cheese and sausage pizza held up by a person's fingers.
motorcycle with 816aad on it.
The back of someone holding a child on his shoulders.
back of the dad, standing on right.
The bag with the nike swoosh on it.
bule bag in man hand.
A man wearing a silver helmet.
A man with a helmet on.
A woman serving a tennis ball.
LADY TENNIS PLAYER WEARING SHOT TOP.
The large cow that is sniffing the baby cow.
the biggest goat in the image left side of the image.
Cream colored vase between green vase and blue vase.
Tall vase behind two others.
A man in a checkered shirt holding a laptop computer, with a bald man standing behind him making faces.
A man holding a laptop in front of him.
a boywearing t shirt.
a child in a red shirt smiling.
Blue shirt behind tennis player.
crowd behind left hand shoulder.
A fork on a plate furthest from the woman.
fork on green plate.
A snowboarder posing with his board which has the Initials K Z painted on it.
A man with a K2 snowboard and brown coat standing in the snow.
White and green bus, with truck following.
A standard commuter bus with a green and blue emblem, being closely followed by a blue chevrolet pickup truck.
A member of a barbershop quartet in a blue shirt.
Man wearing blue and white striped vest.
Dark red colored jelly in a small, white dish sitting on a white table.
A bowl with grape jelly in it.
a black suv.
the jeep to the right.
A man in a red shirt with a tennis racket.
An overweight laughing man in a red shirt with thin black stripes and wearing black and white shoes.
A woman wearing a black coat holding a phone.
a asian woman on a cell phone.
The hose whose face is shown.
Chestnut horse wearing a bridle.
The girl sitting on the bench by the lake.
A girl wearing a black jacket.
Little boy in a yellow shirt and jeans.
The baby wearing a white shirt.
a happy man.
man on left.
a glass of soda furthest to the left in the picture.
The left-most glass of soda.
BENCH.
wooden bench in the front side of the image.
auto dirver in driving.
A MAN DRIVING AN AUTO RIKSHAW.
A brown teddybear with a red ribbon.
A brown teddy bear.
Wooden table top holding fruit.
a wooden table with an apple and banana on it.
The two slices of pizza that are more towards the left side of the photo, they are also closer to the camera than the other two slices.
two closest pizza slices.
An elephant with its trunk and face visible.
The elephant whose face is visible.
The reflection of a toiler bowl.
white toilet reflection in a mirror.
Woman in a gray shirt.
A woman in a grey shirt playing a video game.
A boy with yellow ball in his hand.
A boy catching yellow colored ball in his hand.
A black bag on the floor.
A black suitcase with silver trim stood on the floor of an airport terminal.
the plane facing the red and white sign.
A propeller airplane with the numbers 001 on the tail.
A bowl of carrots.
Bowl of carrots.
A potted plant to the right of a bunch of bananas.
A plant in a red-brown pot with green leaves.
A giraffe standing behind another.
Giraffe that is behind the other one.
A grey keyboard.
The white keyboard in front of the monitor.
the zebra standing in the back looking right.
2 cibras.
a man with blue color shirt standing along with him friend.
A white man with a blue shirt and grey pants touching a yellow hydrant next to another man.
A blue and yellow pillow on an outdoor setting with the blurred image of a man.
Gold and Blue pillow on the Red Table.
a girl in a leopard print jacket watching an oven on fire.
The long haired girl on the far right side wearing a head band.
A tow truck with red lettering.
An Iveco truck.
the white teddy bear on the right.
a handsome guy wearing a jacket & tie with smile.
A man with a jacket on.
The wine glass sitting on the left side of the table by the white cup.
rounded wineglass behind the plate.
A man with white shirt.
the tabletop behind the man wearing glasses.
The table in the background.
Guy with ski googles and a snow board standing next to a woman.
The skier with the blue hat on.
A hand taking apart a hotdog with tomato and pickle.
A lady in black shirt with a wine glass in her left hand.
A woman in a black blouse holding up a glass.
